Animal Farm	author	George Orwell
A Clockwork Orange	author	Anthony Burgess
The Plague	author	Albert Camus
A Fire Upon the Deep	author	Vernor Vinge
All Quiet on the Western Front	author	Erich Maria Remarque
A Wizard of Earthsea	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
A Little Night Music	author	Hugh Wheeler
Anyone Can Whistle	author	Arthur Laurents
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum	author	Burt Shevelove
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum	author	Larry Gelbart
A Doll's House	author	Henrik Ibsen
Beavis and Butt-head	author	Mike Judge
Beavis and Butt-head	author	Joe Stillman
Blade Runner 3: Replicant Night	author	K. W. Jeter
Blade Runner 2: The Edge of Human	author	K. W. Jeter
Bash (Unix shell)	author	Brian Fox (computer programmer)
Berkeley DB	author	Margo Seltzer
Berkeley DB	author	Keith Bostic
The World Factbook	author	Central Intelligence Agency
Crash (J. G. Ballard novel)	author	J. G. Ballard
Children of Dune	author	Frank Herbert
Chapterhouse: Dune	author	Frank Herbert
Candide	author	Voltaire
Cygwin	author	Cygnus Solutions
Carmilla	author	Sheridan Le Fanu
Carousel (musical)	author	Oscar Hammerstein II
The Cider House Rules	author	John Irving
Dracula	author	Bram Stoker
Don Quixote	author	Miguel de Cervantes
Dune Messiah	author	Frank Herbert
Darwin's Dangerous Idea	author	Daniel Dennett
The Time in Between	author	David Bergen
Encyclopædia Britannica	author	Encyclopædia Britannica#editionnote4
Erewhon	author	Samuel Butler (novelist)
Edlin	author	Tim Paterson
EastEnders	author	List of EastEnders crew members#Writers
Enchiridion of Epictetus	author	Epictetus
Enchiridion of Epictetus	author	Arrian
The Trial	author	Franz Kafka
The Metamorphosis	author	Franz Kafka
Free to Choose	author	Milton Friedman
Free to Choose	author	Rose Friedman
Fahrenheit 451	author	Ray Bradbury
Flambards	author	K. M. Peyton
Four Feather Falls	author	Gerry Anderson
Four Feather Falls	author	Barry Gray
Four Feather Falls	author	Arthur Provis
Follies	author	James Goldman
Fawlty Towers	author	John Cleese
Fawlty Towers	author	Connie Booth
Gypsy: A Musical Fable	author	Arthur Laurents
Gaudy Night	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
God Emperor of Dune	author	Frank Herbert
Gone with the Wind	author	Margaret Mitchell
Gnumeric	author	Miguel de Icaza
The Golden Turkey Awards	author	Harry Medved
The Golden Turkey Awards	author	Michael Medved
Heart of Darkness	author	Joseph Conrad
The Holocaust Industry	author	Norman Finkelstein
Heretics of Dune	author	Frank Herbert
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn	author	Mark Twain
I, Robot	author	Isaac Asimov
Irssi	author	Timo Sirainen
Cosmicomics	author	Italo Calvino
Ivanhoe	author	Walter Scott
Into the Woods	author	James Lapine
James Bond	author	Ian Fleming
Johnny Got His Gun	author	Dalton Trumbo
Kalevala	author	Elias Lönnrot
Icehenge	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
LaTeX	author	Leslie Lamport
Lynx (web browser)	author	Lou Montulli
Larousse Gastronomique	author	Prosper Montagné
Microserfs	author	Douglas Coupland
My Fair Lady	author	Alan Jay Lerner
Mein Kampf	author	Adolf Hitler
Moby-Dick	author	Herman Melville
Moonfleet	author	J. Meade Falkner
Mere Christianity	author	C. S. Lewis
MeatballWiki	author	Sunir Shah
Manufacturing Consent: The Political Economy of the Mass Media	author	Edward S. Herman
Manufacturing Consent: The Political Economy of the Mass Media	author	Noam Chomsky
Mach (kernel)	author	Carnegie Mellon University
Neuromancer	author	William Gibson
Nano (text editor)	author	Chris Allegretta
Cryptonomicon	author	Neal Stephenson
No Logo	author	Naomi Klein
OpenGL	author	Silicon Graphics
Oxford English Dictionary	author	John Simpson (lexicographer)
One Foot in the Grave	author	David Renwick
Pretty Good Privacy	author	Phil Zimmermann
The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch	author	Philip K. Dick
Time Out of Joint	author	Philip K. Dick
A Scanner Darkly	author	Philip K. Dick
Ubik	author	Philip K. Dick
Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?	author	Philip K. Dick
Radio Free Albemuth	author	Philip K. Dick
Philosophical Investigations	author	Ludwig Wittgenstein
Pride and Prejudice	author	Jane Austen
Pale Fire	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Paint Your Wagon (musical)	author	Alan Jay Lerner
Pacific Overtures	author	John Weidman
Pacific Overtures	author	Hugh Wheeler
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead	author	Tom Stoppard
Ringworld	author	Larry Niven
Rent (musical)	author	Jonathan Larson
Rendezvous with Rama	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Slashdot	author	Rob Malda
Sense and Sensibility	author	Jane Austen
Speaker for the Dead	author	Orson Scott Card
Starship Troopers	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Seinfeld	author	Larry David
Seinfeld	author	Jerry Seinfeld
Simple DirectMedia Layer	author	Sam Lantinga
Stuart Little	author	E. B. White
The Doors of Perception	author	Aldous Huxley
The Time Machine	author	H. G. Wells
On the Origin of Species	author	Charles Darwin
The Shockwave Rider	author	John Brunner (novelist)
The Shining (novel)	author	Stephen King
The Sound of Music	author	Howard Lindsay
The Sound of Music	author	Russel Crouse
Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus	author	Ludwig Wittgenstein
The Threepenny Opera	author	Bertolt Brecht
The Hound of the Baskervilles	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Hobbit	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Communist Manifesto	author	Karl Marx
The Communist Manifesto	author	Friedrich Engels
The Machinery of Freedom	author	David D. Friedman
The Evolution of Cooperation	author	Robert Axelrod
The Great Divorce	author	C. S. Lewis
The Screwtape Letters	author	C. S. Lewis
The Book of the Law	author	Aleister Crowley
Debt of Honor	author	Tom Clancy
The Cardinal of the Kremlin	author	Tom Clancy
The Hunt for Red October	author	Tom Clancy
Tunnel in the Sky	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Third Culture	author	John Brockman (literary agent)
The Importance of Being Earnest	author	Oscar Wilde
The Problem of Pain	author	C. S. Lewis
Thunderbirds (TV series)	author	Gerry Anderson
Thunderbirds (TV series)	author	Sylvia Anderson
Thunderbirds (TV series)	author	Tony Barwick
Thunderbirds (TV series)	author	Alan Fennell
Thunderbirds (TV series)	author	Dennis Spooner
The Prisoner	author	Patrick McGoohan
The Prisoner	author	Pat Jackson
The Prisoner	author	Don Chaffey
The Prisoner	author	David Tomblin
The Bell Curve	author	Richard Herrnstein
The Bell Curve	author	Charles Murray (author)
Typee	author	Herman Melville
The Mythical Man-Month	author	Fred Brooks
The Picture of Dorian Gray	author	Oscar Wilde
The Art of Computer Programming	author	Donald Knuth
The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire	author	Edward Gibbon
The Fountains of Paradise	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Skeptical Environmentalist	author	Bjørn Lomborg
Lord of the Flies	author	William Golding
Through the Looking-Glass	author	Lewis Carroll
The Dispossessed	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Vim (text editor)	author	Bram Moolenaar
WikiWikiWeb	author	Ward Cunningham
Wallace and Gromit	author	Bob Baker
Wallace and Gromit	author	Nick Park
Waiting for Godot	author	Samuel Beckett
The Wanderer (Fritz Leiber novel)	author	Fritz Leiber
West Side Story	author	Arthur Laurents
2010: Odyssey Two	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Brave New World	author	Aldous Huxley
The Martian Chronicles	author	Ray Bradbury
Paradise Lost	author	John Milton
R.U.R.	author	Karel Čapek
Squeak	author	Alan Kay
Squeak	author	Daniel Henry Holmes Ingalls, Jr.
Squeak	author	Adele Goldberg (computer scientist)
Wine (software)	author	Alexandre Julliard
The Invisible Man	author	H. G. Wells
The Illustrated Man	author	Ray Bradbury
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea	author	Jules Verne
Keep the Aspidistra Flying	author	George Orwell
The Illuminatus! Trilogy	author	Robert Shea
The Illuminatus! Trilogy	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Lions' Commentary on UNIX 6th Edition, with Source Code	author	John Lions
ArXiv	author	Paul Ginsparg
Good-Bye to All That	author	Robert Graves
Vanity Fair (novel)	author	William Makepeace Thackeray
Fetchmail	author	Eric S. Raymond
The Cathedral and the Bazaar	author	Eric S. Raymond
Design Patterns	author	Erich Gamma
Design Patterns	author	Richard Helm
Design Patterns	author	Ralph Johnson (computer scientist)
Design Patterns	author	John Vlissides
Northanger Abbey	author	Jane Austen
Amadeus	author	Peter Shaffer
All the King's Men	author	Robert Penn Warren
The Eye of the World	author	Robert Jordan
A Crown of Swords	author	Robert Jordan
The Great Hunt	author	Robert Jordan
Winter's Heart	author	Robert Jordan
Around the World in Eighty Days	author	Jules Verne
The Grapes of Wrath	author	John Steinbeck
How Green Was My Valley	author	Richard Llewellyn
A Streetcar Named Desire (play)	author	Tennessee Williams
The Queen of the Damned	author	Anne Rice
The Dukes of Hazzard	author	Gy Waldron
The Dukes of Hazzard	author	Katharyn Powers
The Dukes of Hazzard	author	Myles Wilder
The Dukes of Hazzard	author	Fred Freiberger
The Dukes of Hazzard	author	Ron Friedman
Gulliver's Travels	author	Jonathan Swift
Gigi	author	Colette
The Color Purple	author	Alice Walker
The English Patient	author	Michael Ondaatje
The Selfish Gene	author	Richard Dawkins
Robert's Rules of Order	author	Henry Martyn Robert
The Forge of God	author	Greg Bear
Blood Music (novel)	author	Greg Bear
The World According to Garp	author	John Irving
Mutiny on the Bounty (novel)	author	Charles Nordhoff
Mutiny on the Bounty (novel)	author	James Norman Hall
The Mothman Prophecies	author	John Keel
Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?	author	Edward Albee
The Memory of Earth	author	Orson Scott Card
Sixth Column	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Puppet Masters	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Wind in the Willows	author	Kenneth Grahame
The Godfather (novel)	author	Mario Puzo
Jonathan Livingston Seagull	author	Richard Bach
Natural Capitalism: Creating the Next Industrial Revolution	author	Paul Hawken
Natural Capitalism: Creating the Next Industrial Revolution	author	Amory Lovins
Natural Capitalism: Creating the Next Industrial Revolution	author	Hunter Lovins
I Am Legend (novel)	author	Richard Matheson
The Stranger (novel)	author	Albert Camus
Beyond This Horizon	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Man in the High Castle	author	Philip K. Dick
Rocket Ship Galileo	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Between Planets	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Space Cadet	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Starman Jones	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Podkayne of Mars	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Story of O	author	Anne Desclos
The Skeptic's Dictionary	author	Robert Todd Carroll
The Star Beast	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Beyond the Fringe	author	Alan Bennett
Beyond the Fringe	author	Peter Cook
Beyond the Fringe	author	Jonathan Miller
Beyond the Fringe	author	Dudley Moore
Assassins (musical)	author	John Weidman
Commentarii de Bello Gallico	author	Julius Caesar
Commentarii de Bello Gallico	author	Aulus Hirtius
Dr. No (novel)	author	Ian Fleming
Gödel, Escher, Bach	author	Douglas Hofstadter
The Andromeda Strain	author	Michael Crichton
The Clash of Civilizations	author	Samuel P. Huntington
How the Self Controls Its Brain	author	John Eccles (neurophysiologist)
Down and Out in Paris and London	author	George Orwell
The Last Man	author	Mary Shelley
The Transmigration of Timothy Archer	author	Philip K. Dick
Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency	author	Douglas Adams
Steal This Book	author	Abbie Hoffman
Dragonflight	author	Anne McCaffrey
The Diamond Age	author	Neal Stephenson
SourceForge	author	Geeknet
The Population Bomb	author	Paul R. Ehrlich
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame	author	Victor Hugo
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland	author	Lewis Carroll
Now Wait for Last Year	author	Philip K. Dick
The Magician's Nephew	author	C. S. Lewis
The Belgariad	author	David Eddings
The Belgariad  Queen of Sorcery   1	author	David Eddings
The Belgariad  Magician's Gambit   1	author	David Eddings
The Belgariad  Castle of Wizardry   1	author	David Eddings
The Belgariad  Enchanters' End Game   1	author	David Eddings
The Malloreon	author	David Eddings
The Malloreon  King of the Murgos   1	author	David Eddings
The Malloreon  Demon Lord of Karanda   1	author	David Eddings
The Malloreon  Sorceress of Darshiva   1	author	David Eddings
The Malloreon  The Seeress of Kell   1	author	David Eddings
The Elements of Style	author	William Strunk, Jr.
The Elements of Style	author	E. B. White
The Complete Plain Words	author	Ernest Gowers
Advogato	author	Raph Levien
The Patchwork Girl of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
To Sail Beyond the Sunset	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Time for the Stars	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Citizen of the Galaxy	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Double Star	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Glory Road	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Stranger in a Strange Land	author	Robert A. Heinlein
I Will Fear No Evil	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Cat Who Walks Through Walls	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Methuselah's Children	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Life: A User's Manual	author	Georges Perec
A Dictionary of the English Language	author	Samuel Johnson
Ulysses (novel)	author	James Joyce
I'd Rather Be Right	author	Moss Hart
I'd Rather Be Right	author	George S. Kaufman
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Captain Kangaroo	author	Howard Friedlander
Mixmaster anonymous remailer	author	Lance Cottrell
Wuthering Heights	author	Emily Brontë
Jane Eyre	author	Charlotte Brontë
Catch-22	author	Joseph Heller
Robinson Crusoe	author	Daniel Defoe
Clear and Present Danger	author	Tom Clancy
The Salmon of Doubt	author	Douglas Adams
Nanotech (anthology)	author	Jack Dann
Nanotech (anthology)	author	Gardner Dozois
Beonex Communicator	author	Ben Bucksch
A Dictionary of Modern English Usage	author	Henry Watson Fowler
Castle Rackrent	author	Maria Edgeworth
Emma	author	Jane Austen
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory	author	Roald Dahl
YaST	author	SUSE Linux distributions#History
Arcadia (play)	author	Tom Stoppard
Anne of Green Gables	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
The Wasp Factory	author	Iain Banks
Espedair Street	author	Iain Banks
The Crow Road	author	Iain Banks
Consider Phlebas	author	Iain Banks
Inversions (novel)	author	Iain Banks
1066 and All That	author	W. C. Sellar
1066 and All That	author	R. J. Yeatman
An Inspector Calls	author	J. B. Priestley
Ender's Game	author	Orson Scott Card
Flow My Tears, the Policeman Said	author	Philip K. Dick
Bored of the Rings	author	Henry Beard
Bored of the Rings	author	Douglas Kenney
Job: A Comedy of Justice	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Farmer in the Sky	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Friday (novel)	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Have Space Suit—Will Travel	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Number of the Beast (novel)	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Red Planet (novel)	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Man Who Sold the Moon (short story collection)	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Green Hills of Earth (short story collection)	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Revolt in 2100	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Assignment in Eternity	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Foundation's Edge	author	Isaac Asimov
Prelude to Foundation	author	Isaac Asimov
The Caves of Steel	author	Isaac Asimov
The Caves of Steel  Story Parade – The Caves of Steel   1	author	Terry Nation
Foundation and Earth	author	Isaac Asimov
Time Enough for Love	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Rolling Stones (novel)	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Farnham's Freehold	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Door into Summer	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Maltese Falcon (novel)	author	Dashiell Hammett
The Treasure of the Sierra Madre	author	B. Traven
The Forsyte Saga	author	John Galsworthy
Funeral in Berlin	author	Len Deighton
Billion-Dollar Brain	author	Len Deighton
Kim (novel)	author	Rudyard Kipling
Whit	author	Iain Banks
Mostly Harmless	author	Douglas Adams
Netwide Assembler	author	Simon Tatham
The King and I	author	Oscar Hammerstein II
Native Son	author	Richard Wright (author)
Skippy the Bush Kangaroo	author	Ross Napier
Little Women	author	Louisa May Alcott
Smilin' Through (play)	author	Jane Cowl
Smilin' Through (play)	author	Jane Murfin
A Farewell to Arms	author	Ernest Hemingway
Imitation of Life (novel)	author	Fannie Hurst
The Way of All Flesh	author	Samuel Butler (novelist)
Alice Adams (novel)	author	Booth Tarkington
Les Misérables	author	Victor Hugo
Dodsworth	author	Sinclair Lewis
Lost Horizon	author	James Hilton
Ghostscript	author	L. Peter Deutsch
Cop Rock	author	Steven Bochco
Cop Rock	author	William M. Finkelstein
Cop Rock	author	Toni Graphia
Goodbye, Mr. Chips	author	James Hilton
Of Mice and Men	author	John Steinbeck
Our Town	author	Thornton Wilder
Ishmael (novel)	author	Daniel Quinn
David Copperfield (novel)	author	Charles Dickens
Childhood's End	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Little Prince	author	Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Helix (multimedia project)	author	RealNetworks
Helix (multimedia project)  Helix DNA Server   1	author	RealNetworks
Helix (multimedia project)  Helix Player   1	author	RealNetworks
Helix (multimedia project)  Helix DNA Producer   1	author	RealNetworks
Brigadoon	author	Alan Jay Lerner
The Two Towers	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Return of the King	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Dark Tower II: The Drawing of the Three	author	Stephen King
The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger	author	Stephen King
Six Stories	author	Stephen King
On Writing	author	Stephen King
Different Seasons	author	Stephen King
The Body (novella)	author	Stephen King
The Dark Tower IV: Wizard and Glass	author	Stephen King
The Eyes of the Dragon	author	Stephen King
The Dark Tower III: The Waste Lands	author	Stephen King
Hearts in Atlantis	author	Stephen King
Nightmares & Dreamscapes	author	Stephen King
Night Shift (book)	author	Stephen King
Blood and Smoke	author	Stephen King
Skeleton Crew	author	Stephen King
Dolores Claiborne	author	Stephen King
Gerald's Game	author	Stephen King
The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon	author	Stephen King
Four Past Midnight	author	Stephen King
The Long Walk	author	Stephen King
Solaris (novel)	author	Stanisław Lem
You Can't Take It with You	author	George S. Kaufman
You Can't Take It with You	author	Moss Hart
The Big U	author	Neal Stephenson
The Day of the Triffids	author	John Wyndham
The Rape of Nanking (book)	author	Iris Chang
The Art of War	author	Sun Tzu
Antigone (Sophocles)	author	Sophocles
Other Losses	author	James Bacque
Love and Mr Lewisham	author	H. G. Wells
The Stardroppers	author	John Brunner (novelist)
The Limits to Growth	author	Donella Meadows
The Limits to Growth	author	Dennis Meadows
The Limits to Growth	author	Jørgen Randers
The Limits to Growth	author	William W. Behrens III
The Blind Watchmaker	author	Richard Dawkins
Carrie (novel)	author	Stephen King
Black Holes and Baby Universes and Other Essays	author	Stephen Hawking
A Brief History of Time	author	Stephen Hawking
Watership Down	author	Richard Adams
Revision Control System	author	Walter F. Tichy
Harriet the Spy	author	Louise Fitzhugh
Hair (musical)	author	James Rado
Hair (musical)	author	Gerome Ragni
StarOffice	author	Sun Microsystems
The Big Sleep	author	Raymond Chandler
Bridget Jones's Diary	author	Helen Fielding
The State of the Art	author	Iain Banks
The Player of Games	author	Iain Banks
Excession	author	Iain Banks
Look to Windward	author	Iain Banks
Use of Weapons	author	Iain Banks
So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish	author	Douglas Adams
Choke (novel)	author	Chuck Palahniuk
A Friend of the Earth	author	T. Coraghessan Boyle
In Search of Lost Time	author	Marcel Proust
The Weirdstone of Brisingamen	author	Alan Garner
The Human Stain	author	Philip Roth
Picnic at Hanging Rock (novel)	author	Joan Lindsay
I, the Jury	author	Mickey Spillane
Kiss Me, Kate	author	Samuel and Bella Spewack
Thinks ...	author	David Lodge (author)
A Fisherman of the Inland Sea	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Adventures of Pinocchio	author	Carlo Collodi
Smith of Wootton Major	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
England, England	author	Julian Barnes
Dune (novel)	author	Frank Herbert
Feersum Endjinn	author	Iain Banks
Against a Dark Background	author	Iain Banks
Just Like That (novel)	author	Lily Brett
Uncle Tom's Cabin	author	Harriet Beecher Stowe
The Beach (novel)	author	Semi long slong
Murder Must Advertise	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Prose Edda	author	Snorri Sturluson
Book of the SubGenius	author	J. R. "Bob" Dobbs
Book of the SubGenius	author	Church of the SubGenius
A Vicious Circle	author	Amanda Craig
Last of the Summer Wine	author	Roy Clarke
Carmen Jones	author	Oscar Hammerstein II
To Kill a Mockingbird	author	Harper Lee
The Emperor Jones	author	Eugene O'Neill
Mildred Pierce	author	James M. Cain
Six Degrees of Separation (play)	author	John Guare
A Christmas Carol	author	Charles Dickens
About a Boy (novel)	author	Nick Hornby
The Last Temptation of Christ	author	Nikos Kazantzakis
Miss Lulu Bett	author	Zona Gale
Flatland	author	Edwin Abbott Abbott
The Gulag Archipelago	author	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
Snow Crash	author	Neal Stephenson
Sick Puppy	author	Carl Hiaasen
The Prisoner of Zenda	author	Anthony Hope
The Great Gatsby	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
The Bacchae	author	Euripides
Oklahoma!	author	Oscar Hammerstein II
The Human Comedy (novel)	author	William Saroyan
For Whom the Bell Tolls	author	Ernest Hemingway
Belgarath the Sorcerer	author	David Eddings
Belgarath the Sorcerer	author	David Eddings
From Russia, with Love (novel)	author	Ian Fleming
Sketchpad	author	Ivan Sutherland
The Tombs of Atuan	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Sopranos	author	Terence Winter
The Sopranos	author	Robin Green
The Sopranos	author	Mitchell Burgess
The Sopranos	author	Matthew Weiner
The Sopranos	author	Frank Renzulli
The Sopranos	author	List of The Sopranos writers and directors#Writing staff
Good Omens	author	Terry Pratchett
Good Omens	author	Neil Gaiman
Coraline	author	Neil Gaiman
Interview with the Vampire	author	Anne Rice
Seven Against Thebes	author	Aeschylus
Tartarin of Tarascon	author	Alphonse Daudet
SS-GB	author	Len Deighton
Finnegans Wake	author	James Joyce
The Meaning of Liff	author	Douglas Adams
The Meaning of Liff	author	John Lloyd (writer)
The Virgin Suicides	author	Jeffrey Eugenides
What Makes Sammy Run?	author	Budd Schulberg
The Razor's Edge	author	W. Somerset Maugham
Homage to Catalonia	author	George Orwell
My World and Welcome to It  My World — And Welcome To It   1	author	James Thurber
King Solomon's Mines	author	H. Rider Haggard
Silent Spring	author	Rachel Carson
Babel-17	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Languages of Pao	author	Jack Vance
The Count of Monte Cristo	author	Alexandre Dumas
Cat's Cradle	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs	author	Hal Abelson
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs	author	Gerald Jay Sussman
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs	author	Julie Sussman
Excellent Women	author	Barbara Pym
Dad (TV series)	author	Andrew Marshall
Tess of the d'Urbervilles	author	Thomas Hardy
The Scarlet Pimpernel	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Becket	author	Jean Anouilh
The Robe	author	Lloyd C. Douglas
The Thirty-Nine Steps	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
A Walking Tour of the Shambles	author	Neil Gaiman
A Walking Tour of the Shambles	author	Gene Wolfe
Class Warfare	author	Noam Chomsky
Dead Air	author	Iain Banks
The Exorcist	author	William Peter Blatty
A Severed Head	author	Iris Murdoch
Act Without Words I	author	Samuel Beckett
Coming Up for Air	author	George Orwell
Oedipus the King	author	Sophocles
Thundarr the Barbarian	author	Buzz Dixon
Thundarr the Barbarian	author	Martin Pasko
Thundarr the Barbarian	author	Mark Evanier
Thundarr the Barbarian	author	Steve Gerber
The Age of Spiritual Machines	author	Ray Kurzweil
Shadow Puppets	author	Orson Scott Card
Fraggle Rock	author	Jerry Juhl
Fraggle Rock	author	Jim Henson
Fraggle Rock	author	Jocelyn Stevenson
Fiddler on the Roof	author	Joseph Stein
Murder Most Horrid	author	Anthony Horowitz
Murder Most Horrid	author	John O'Farrell
Murder Most Horrid	author	Ian Hislop
Murder Most Horrid	author	Steven Moffat
Murder Most Horrid	author	Nick Newman
Murder Most Horrid	author	Paul Smith (writer)
Murder Most Horrid	author	Terry Kyan
Are You Being Served?	author	Jeremy Lloyd
Are You Being Served?	author	David Croft (TV producer)
Are You Being Served?	author	Michael Knowles (actor)
Are You Being Served?	author	John Roy Chapman
The Road to Mars	author	Eric Idle
Mars trilogy	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Mars trilogy  Green Mars   1	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Mars trilogy  Blue Mars   1	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Mars trilogy  The Martians   1	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Regeneration (novel)	author	Pat Barker
The Whalestoe Letters	author	Mark Z. Danielewski
House of Leaves	author	Mark Z. Danielewski
A Night to Remember (book)	author	Walter Lord
The White Goddess	author	Robert Graves
The Golden Bough	author	James George Frazer
My Disillusionment in Russia	author	Emma Goldman
Restoree	author	Anne McCaffrey
LiveJournal	author	Brad Fitzpatrick
The King in Yellow	author	Robert W. Chambers
Mister Roberts (novel)	author	Thomas Heggen
The Rose Tattoo	author	Tennessee Williams
Auntie Mame	author	Patrick Dennis
Cat on a Hot Tin Roof	author	Tennessee Williams
Elmer Gantry	author	Sinclair Lewis
Sons and Lovers	author	D. H. Lawrence
Bourne shell	author	Stephen R. Bourne
A New Kind of Science	author	Stephen Wolfram
As Time Goes By (TV series)	author	Esmonde and Larbey
Company (musical)	author	George Furth
PKZIP	author	Phil Katz
America's Great Depression	author	Murray Rothbard
Survivor (Chuck Palahniuk novel)	author	Chuck Palahniuk
C shell	author	Bill Joy
The Jungle	author	Upton Sinclair
The Music Man	author	Meredith Willson
The Music Man	author	Franklin Lacey
More Guns, Less Crime	author	John Lott
Oliver!	author	Lionel Bart
Funny Girl (musical)	author	Isobel Lennart
Hello, Dolly! (musical)	author	Michael Stewart (playwright)
The Ants	author	Bert Hölldobler
The Ants	author	E. O. Wilson
Quotations from Chairman Mao	author	Mao Zedong
Dexter's Laboratory	author	Genndy Tartakovsky
Dexter's Laboratory	author	Craig McCracken
Dexter's Laboratory	author	Seth MacFarlane
Level 7	author	Mordecai Roshwald
Guinness World Records	author	Craig Glenday
The Prince	author	Niccolò Machiavelli
Sounder	author	William H. Armstrong
Encyclopédie	author	Encyclopédistes
Encyclopédie	author	Denis Diderot
Encyclopédie	author	Jean le Rond d'Alembert
All the President's Men	author	Carl Bernstein
All the President's Men	author	Bob Woodward
Four on the Floor	author	Paul Chato
Four on the Floor	author	Rick Green
Four on the Floor	author	Dan Redican
Four on the Floor	author	Peter Wildman
Nemesis (Isaac Asimov novel)	author	Isaac Asimov
Island of the Sequined Love Nun	author	Christopher Moore (author)
The Lust Lizard of Melancholy Cove	author	Christopher Moore (author)
The Memory of Whiteness	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Quartet in Autumn	author	Barbara Pym
Some Tame Gazelle	author	Barbara Pym
Satyricon	author	Petronius
The End of History and the Last Man	author	Francis Fukuyama
Guns, Germs, and Steel	author	Jared Diamond
On Golden Pond (play)	author	Ernest Thompson
Oz (TV series)	author	Tom Fontana
Oz (TV series)	author	Sunil Nayar
Oz (TV series)	author	Sean Whitesell
Autodesk Maya	author	Alias Systems Corporation
The Inquirer	author	Mike Magee (journalist)
A Passage to India	author	E. M. Forster
A Room with a View	author	E. M. Forster
Alas, Babylon	author	Pat Frank
Noises Off	author	Michael Frayn
British National Formulary	author	British Medical Association
British National Formulary	author	Royal Pharmaceutical Society
Sister Carrie	author	Theodore Dreiser
The Accidental Tourist	author	Anne Tyler
Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal	author	Christopher Moore (author)
A Few Good Men (play)	author	Aaron Sorkin
The Remains of the Day	author	Kazuo Ishiguro
Crime and Punishment	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
The Martian Way and Other Stories	author	Isaac Asimov
Postman Pat	author	John Cunliffe (author)
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul	author	Douglas Adams
When God Was a Woman	author	Merlin Stone
The Road to Wigan Pier	author	George Orwell
The Railway Children	author	E. Nesbit
Imperial Earth	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Educating Rita	author	Willy Russell
The Masque of the Red Death	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Dangerous Visions	author	Harlan Ellison
Chocolat	author	Joanne Harris
Funny Money	author	Ray Cooney
The Ghost Road	author	Pat Barker
Grease (musical)	author	Jim Jacobs
Grease (musical)	author	Warren Casey
Rosemary's Baby	author	Ira Levin
This Perfect Day	author	Ira Levin
The Boys from Brazil (novel)	author	Ira Levin
A Descent into the Maelström	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The Ego and Its Own	author	Max Stirner
The Murders in the Rue Morgue	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The Purloined Letter	author	Edgar Allan Poe
I Love Lucy	author	Jess Oppenheimer
I Love Lucy	author	Madelyn Pugh
I Love Lucy	author	Bob Schiller
I Love Lucy	author	Bob Weiskopf
Amadis de Gaula	author	Garci Rodríguez de Montalvo
Babes in Arms	author	Richard Rodgers
Babes in Arms	author	Lorenz Hart
Master and Commander	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Devil and Daniel Webster	author	Stephen Vincent Benét
Acme (text editor)	author	Rob Pike
The End of Eternity	author	Isaac Asimov
Rsync	author	Andrew Tridgell
Rsync	author	Paul Mackerras
The Newcomes	author	William Makepeace Thackeray
Spaced	author	Simon Pegg
Spaced	author	Jessica Hynes
Little Dorrit	author	Charles Dickens
The Anarchists	author	James Joll
Great Expectations	author	Charles Dickens
The Cat in the Hat	author	Dr. Seuss
A Man Called Horse	author	Dorothy M. Johnson
Where Angels Fear to Tread	author	E. M. Forster
Shame (novel)	author	Salman Rushdie
Midnight's Children	author	Salman Rushdie
The Keys of the Kingdom	author	A. J. Cronin
Mourning Becomes Electra	author	Eugene O'Neill
Trent's Last Case	author	Edmund Clerihew Bentley
I, Libertine	author	Theodore Sturgeon
Play (play)	author	Samuel Beckett
Waverley (novel)	author	Walter Scott
It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown	author	Charles M. Schulz
The Vampire Lestat	author	Anne Rice
The Tale of the Body Thief	author	Anne Rice
Memnoch the Devil	author	Anne Rice
Airliners.net	author	Johan Lundgren
The Farther Adventures of Robinson Crusoe	author	Daniel Defoe
The 120 Days of Sodom	author	Marquis de Sade
Return to the Forbidden Planet	author	Bob Carlton
Walden Two	author	B. F. Skinner
War and Peace	author	Leo Tolstoy
On the Beach (novel)	author	Nevil Shute
La Fortune des Rougon	author	Émile Zola
Son Excellence Eugène Rougon	author	Émile Zola
La Curée	author	Émile Zola
L'Argent	author	Émile Zola
La Conquête de Plassans	author	Émile Zola
The Crying of Lot 49	author	Thomas Pynchon
Jack of Shadows	author	Roger Zelazny
Clouds of Witness	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Whose Body?	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Unnatural Death	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
The Unpleasantness at the Bellona Club	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Strong Poison	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Five Red Herrings	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Have His Carcase	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Busman's Honeymoon	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
The Nine Tailors	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Thrones, Dominations	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
Thrones, Dominations	author	Jill Paton Walsh
Light in August	author	William Faulkner
Death of a Salesman	author	Arthur Miller
Wiktionary	author	Jimmy Wales
Wiktionary	author	Wikimedia Foundation
Oresteia	author	Aeschylus
Oresteia  The Libation Bearers   1	author	Aeschylus
Oresteia  The Eumenides   1	author	Aeschylus
Consciousness Explained	author	Daniel Dennett
Exim	author	Philip Hazel
The Rocky Horror Show	author	Richard O'Brien
The Clouds	author	Aristophanes
The Knights	author	Aristophanes
The Dick Van Dyke Show	author	Carl Reiner
The Dick Van Dyke Show	author	John Whedon
The Dick Van Dyke Show	author	Sheldon Keller
The Dick Van Dyke Show	author	Martin Ragaway
The Dick Van Dyke Show	author	Bill Persky
The Dick Van Dyke Show	author	Sam Denoff
The Dick Van Dyke Show	author	Garry Marshall
The Dick Van Dyke Show	author	Jerry Belson
The Logic of Scientific Discovery	author	Karl Popper
Romance of the Three Kingdoms	author	Luo Guanzhong
Ibiblio	author	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
Ibiblio	author	Sun Microsystems
The Dragon in the Sea	author	Frank Herbert
Destination: Void	author	Frank Herbert
Whipping Star	author	Frank Herbert
The Dosadi Experiment	author	Frank Herbert
The Transparent Society	author	David Brin
The Poisoned Chocolates Case	author	Anthony Berkeley Cox
Ain't Misbehavin' (musical)	author	Murray Horwitz
Ain't Misbehavin' (musical)	author	Richard Maltby, Jr.
Oedipus at Colonus	author	Sophocles
Vurt	author	Jeff Noon
Fast Food Nation	author	Eric Schlosser
The Dice Man	author	Luke Rhinehart
The Search for the Dice Man	author	Luke Rhinehart
Adventures of Wim	author	Luke Rhinehart
Anna Karenina	author	Leo Tolstoy
High Fidelity (novel)	author	Nick Hornby
The Red House Mystery	author	A. A. Milne
Dreamcatcher (novel)	author	Stephen King
Leaves of Grass	author	Walt Whitman
Foucault's Pendulum	author	Umberto Eco
Madame Bovary	author	Gustave Flaubert
Oliver Twist	author	Charles Dickens
East of Eden (novel)	author	John Steinbeck
The Old Man and the Sea	author	Ernest Hemingway
1776 (musical)	author	Peter Stone
The Children of Men	author	P. D. James
Isabelle (theorem prover)	author	Lawrence Paulson
The Spy Who Came in from the Cold	author	John le Carré
The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter	author	Carson McCullers
The Fixer (Malamud novel)	author	Bernard Malamud
The Great White Hope	author	Howard Sackler
The Postman	author	David Brin
The Phantom of the Opera	author	Gaston Leroux
Murder on the Orient Express	author	Agatha Christie
A Night of Serious Drinking	author	René Daumal
Billy Liar	author	Keith Waterhouse
The Sunshine Boys	author	Neil Simon
The Wiki Way	author	Bo Leuf
The Wiki Way	author	Ward Cunningham
Equus (play)	author	Peter Shaffer
American Psycho	author	Bret Easton Ellis
Kalimantaan	author	C. S. Godshalk
Flare (science fiction novel)	author	Roger Zelazny
Flare (science fiction novel)	author	Thomas Thurston Thomas
Creatures of Light and Darkness	author	Roger Zelazny
Tribute (play)	author	Bernard Slade
The Handmaid's Tale	author	Margaret Atwood
Middlemarch	author	George Eliot
The Pearl (novel)	author	John Steinbeck
Barchester Towers	author	Anthony Trollope
Advanced Linux Sound Architecture	author	Jaroslav Kysela
Open Sound System	author	Hannu Savolainen
Open Site	author	Michael J. Flickinger
Our Man in Havana	author	Graham Greene
East Wind: West Wind	author	Pearl S. Buck
Drupal	author	Dries Buytaert
La Tosca	author	Victorien Sardou
'night, Mother	author	Marsha Norman
Proof (play)	author	David Auburn
Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons	author	Tony Barwick
I, Claudius	author	Robert Graves
Saturday Night (musical)	author	Julius J. Epstein
Saturday Night (musical)	author	Philip G. Epstein
Treasure Island	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
South Pacific (musical)	author	Oscar Hammerstein II
South Pacific (musical)	author	Joshua Logan
Seven Brothers	author	Aleksis Kivi
Gray's Anatomy	author	Henry Gray
Steppenwolf (novel)	author	Hermann Hesse
Goldfinger (novel)	author	Ian Fleming
Under the Volcano	author	Malcolm Lowry
Ironweed	author	William Kennedy (author)
Girl, Interrupted	author	Susanna Kaysen
The Pursuit of Love	author	Nancy Mitford
GNU LilyPond	author	GNU LilyPond
GNU LilyPond	author	GNU LilyPond
Moonraker (novel)	author	Ian Fleming
The Famous Five (series)	author	Enid Blyton
The Field	author	John B. Keane
Autoconf	author	David MacKenzie (programmer)
Before Night Falls	author	Reinaldo Arenas
Sophie's Choice (novel)	author	William Styron
The Extended Phenotype	author	Richard Dawkins
Season of the Jew	author	Maurice Shadbolt
InterNetNews	author	Rich Salz
The White Plague	author	Frank Herbert
Keeping Up Appearances	author	Roy Clarke
The Pilgrim's Progress	author	John Bunyan
The Santaroga Barrier	author	Frank Herbert
Goodbye, Columbus	author	Philip Roth
The Anatomy of Melancholy	author	Robert Burton (scholar)
Anna Christie	author	Eugene O'Neill
Red Storm Rising	author	Tom Clancy
God's Debris	author	Scott Adams
Lady Chatterley's Lover	author	D. H. Lawrence
Make (software)	author	Stuart Feldman
The Sorrows of Young Werther	author	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Linux Router Project	author	Dave Cinege
The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling	author	Henry Fielding
Tlön, Uqbar, Orbis Tertius	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Fall (Albert Camus novel)	author	Albert Camus
The Golden Hour (novel)	author	Maiya Williams
ER (TV series)	author	David Zabel
ER (TV series)	author	Joe Sachs
ER (TV series)	author	John Wells (TV producer)
ER (TV series)	author	R. Scott Gemmill
ER (TV series)	author	Jack Orman
ER (TV series)	author	Lydia Woodward
Accidental Death of an Anarchist	author	Dario Fo
Man of La Mancha	author	Dale Wasserman
The Quiet Earth	author	Craig Harrison (writer)
The Phantom Tollbooth	author	Norton Juster
Coupling (UK TV series)	author	Steven Moffat
Future Shock	author	Alvin Toffler
The Hundred and One Dalmatians	author	Dodie Smith
The Huckleberry Hound Show	author	Joseph Barbera
The Huckleberry Hound Show	author	Warren Foster
The Huckleberry Hound Show	author	Dan Gordon
The Huckleberry Hound Show	author	Michael Maltese
The Huckleberry Hound Show	author	Charles Shows
A Philosophical Investigation	author	Philip Kerr
SPICE	author	Laurence Nagel
The Tortilla Curtain	author	T. Coraghessan Boyle
The Fountainhead	author	Ayn Rand
Terry and the Pirates (TV series)	author	Milton Caniff
Terry and the Pirates (TV series)	author	Oliver Crawford
Invisible Cities	author	Italo Calvino
Berserker (Saberhagen)	author	Fred Saberhagen
Men Behaving Badly	author	Simon Nye
The Constant Nymph (novel)	author	Margaret Kennedy
Contact (novel)	author	Carl Sagan
A Devil's Chaplain	author	Richard Dawkins
American Gods	author	Neil Gaiman
Stardust (novel)	author	Neil Gaiman
World on Fire	author	Amy Chua
The Sword in the Stone	author	T. H. White
Sidereus Nuncius	author	Galileo Galilei
Necessary Illusions	author	Noam Chomsky
Children of the Mind	author	Orson Scott Card
MSN	author	Microsoft
Time Slave	author	John Norman
The Silver Chalice	author	Thomas B. Costain
Thus Spoke Zarathustra	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
Slaughterhouse-Five	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Catcher in the Rye	author	J. D. Salinger
Rugrats	author	Joe Ansolabehere
Rugrats	author	Craig Bartlett
Rugrats	author	Kate Boutilier
Rugrats	author	Peter Gaffney
Rugrats	author	Paul Germain
Rugrats	author	Dave Polsky
The Name of the Rose	author	Umberto Eco
Mason & Dixon	author	Thomas Pynchon
Hedda Gabler	author	Henrik Ibsen
Open All Hours	author	Roy Clarke
The Member of the Wedding	author	Carson McCullers
Dpkg	author	Ian Murdock
Burr (novel)	author	Gore Vidal
Magnificent Obsession	author	Lloyd C. Douglas
BBC Television Shakespeare	author	William Shakespeare
V.	author	Thomas Pynchon
Shōgun (novel)	author	James Clavell
Samguk Sagi	author	Kim Bu-sik
Goodnight Moon	author	Margaret Wise Brown
Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships	author	James L. Mooney
Alternative 3	author	David Ambrose
Portnoy's Complaint	author	Philip Roth
Eugene Onegin	author	Alexander Pushkin
Acting Sheriff	author	Larry Strawther
Acting Sheriff	author	Gary Murphy (writer)
Compilers: Principles, Techniques, and Tools	author	Alfred Aho
Compilers: Principles, Techniques, and Tools	author	Monica S. Lam
Compilers: Principles, Techniques, and Tools	author	Ravi Sethi
Compilers: Principles, Techniques, and Tools	author	Jeffrey Ullman
Elbow Room (book)	author	Daniel Dennett
The Adventures of Captain Underpants	author	Dav Pilkey
The Rowan	author	Anne McCaffrey
Lysistrata	author	Aristophanes
Andromeda (novel)	author	Ivan Yefremov
Ecotopia	author	Ernest Callenbach
The Bad Seed	author	William March
Magic Tree House series	author	Mary Pope Osborne
The Turner Diaries	author	William Luther Pierce
Life, the Universe and Everything	author	Douglas Adams
Guiding Light	author	Carolyn Culliton
Guiding Light	author	Lloyd Gold
Guiding Light	author	Ellen Weston
Guiding Light	author	David Kreizman
Guiding Light	author	Jill Lorie Hurst
Beelzebub's Tales to His Grandson	author	George Gurdjieff
As the World Turns	author	Jean Passanante
As the World Turns	author	Leah Laiman
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer	author	Mark Twain
Stupid White Men ...and Other Sorry Excuses for the State of the Nation!	author	Michael Moore
The Mind's I	author	Douglas Hofstadter
The Mind's I	author	Daniel Dennett
Pebble in the Sky	author	Isaac Asimov
Dred: A Tale of the Great Dismal Swamp	author	Harriet Beecher Stowe
The Tenant of Wildfell Hall	author	Anne Brontë
Christian Classics Ethereal Library	author	Harry Plantinga
SourceWatch	author	Center for Media and Democracy
Uncle Tungsten	author	Oliver Sacks
A Canticle for Leibowitz	author	Walter M. Miller, Jr.
The Browning Version (play)	author	Terence Rattigan
Ender's Shadow	author	Orson Scott Card
Cards on the Table	author	Agatha Christie
777 and Other Qabalistic Writings of Aleister Crowley	author	Aleister Crowley
Nickel and Dimed	author	Barbara Ehrenreich
The General (C. S. Forester novel)	author	C. S. Forester
The Gambler (novel)	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
The Crucible	author	Arthur Miller
The Bell Jar	author	Sylvia Plath
Jude the Obscure	author	Thomas Hardy
Internet Junkbuster	author	Junkbusters Corporation
Democracy in America	author	Alexis de Tocqueville
The Giver	author	Lois Lowry
Neanderthals, Bandits and Farmers	author	Colin Tudge
The Jungle Book	author	Rudyard Kipling
A Solitary Grief	author	Bernice Rubens
The Prince and the Pauper	author	Mark Twain
Xenocide	author	Orson Scott Card
Only Fools and Horses	author	John Sullivan (writer)
My Brilliant Career	author	Miles Franklin
Ain't It Cool News	author	Harry Knowles
Seven Years in Tibet	author	Heinrich Harrer
Fanny Hill	author	John Cleland
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe	author	Douglas Adams
The Birth of Tragedy	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
The Teenage Liberation Handbook	author	Grace Llewellyn
Shakespeare's sonnets	author	William Shakespeare
The Rebel Angels	author	Robertson Davies
Macrolife	author	George Zebrowski
Till We Have Faces	author	C. S. Lewis
The Moonstone	author	Wilkie Collins
That Hideous Strength	author	C. S. Lewis
In Cold Blood	author	Truman Capote
The Heart of the Matter	author	Graham Greene
The Legacy of Heorot	author	Larry Niven
The Legacy of Heorot	author	Jerry Pournelle
The Legacy of Heorot	author	Steven Barnes
VALIS	author	Philip K. Dick
The Sleeping Beauty Trilogy	author	Anne Rice
Zend Engine	author	Andi Gutmans
Zend Engine	author	Zeev Suraski
Long Day's Journey into Night	author	Eugene O'Neill
Lamb Chop's Play-Along	author	Lan O'Kun
Lamb Chop's Play-Along	author	Bernard Rothman
Arrow in the Blue	author	Arthur Koestler
The Boy Friend	author	Sandy Wilson
Horrible Histories	author	Terry Deary
Horrible Histories	author	Peter Hepplewhite
Marathon Man	author	William Goldman
Drop the Dead Donkey	author	Andy Hamilton
Drop the Dead Donkey	author	Guy Jenkin
Drop the Dead Donkey	author	Nick Revell
Porridge (TV series)	author	Ian La Frenais
The Velveteen Rabbit	author	Margery Williams
Common Sense (pamphlet)	author	Thomas Paine
Executive Orders	author	Tom Clancy
Bias: A CBS Insider Exposes How the Media Distort the News	author	Bernard Goldberg
My Night with Reg	author	Kevin Elyot
Just William	author	Richmal Crompton
Chicago (musical)	author	Fred Ebb
Chicago (musical)	author	Bob Fosse
Au Bonheur des Dames	author	Émile Zola
Absalom, Absalom!	author	William Faulkner
The Second Jungle Book	author	Rudyard Kipling
Brideshead Revisited	author	Evelyn Waugh
The Collector	author	John Fowles
King Solomon's Carpet	author	Ruth Rendell
Cats (musical)	author	Andrew Lloyd Webber
Cats (musical)	author	Trevor Nunn
Cats (musical)	author	Gillian Lynne
Planet of the Apes (novel)	author	Pierre Boulle
JSTOR	author	Andrew W. Mellon Foundation
The Small House at Allington	author	Anthony Trollope
Tree and Leaf	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Framley Parsonage	author	Anthony Trollope
Go Ask Alice	author	Anonymous work
The Three Musketeers	author	Alexandre Dumas
Nine Stories (Salinger)	author	J. D. Salinger
Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Curb Your Enthusiasm	author	Larry David
Susannah of the Mounties	author	Muriel Denison
The Subject Was Roses	author	Frank D. Gilroy
The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie (novel)	author	Muriel Spark
Chicago Hope	author	Scroe T. Liscious
2channel	author	Hiroyuki Nishimura
Prozac Nation	author	Elizabeth Wurtzel
Death in the Clouds	author	Agatha Christie
The Mysterious Affair at Styles	author	Agatha Christie
Sweep (book series)	author	Cate Tiernan
Hypnerotomachia Poliphili	author	Francesco Colonna
XDM (display manager)	author	Keith Packard
The Invincible	author	Stanisław Lem
Mrs Dalloway	author	Virginia Woolf
Principles of Economics	author	Carl Menger
Everything's Eventual	author	Stephen King
The Pianist (memoir)	author	Władysław Szpilman
The Bromeliad	author	Terry Pratchett
Parallel Virtual Machine	author	Oak Ridge National Laboratory
Sleeping Murder	author	Agatha Christie
Battle Royale	author	Kōshun Takami
Unfinished Tales	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Unfinished Tales	author	Christopher Tolkien
Crooked House	author	Agatha Christie
Joseph Andrews	author	Henry Fielding
A Study in Scarlet	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Phineas Finn	author	Anthony Trollope
Cranford (novel)	author	Elizabeth Gaskell
Beyond the Limits	author	Donella Meadows
Beyond the Limits	author	Dennis Meadows
Travels with My Aunt	author	Graham Greene
Glue (novel)	author	Irvine Welsh
Ann Veronica	author	H. G. Wells
Same Time, Next Year	author	Bernard Slade
Glimpses of World History	author	Jawaharlal Nehru
Florodora	author	Owen Hall
Amaravati Kathalu	author	Satyam Sankaramanchi
Little Lord Fauntleroy	author	Frances Hodgson Burnett
Mr. Peepers	author	Robert Alan Aurthur
Mr. Peepers	author	James Fritzell
Mr. Peepers	author	Everett Greenbaum
Mr. Peepers	author	Biff McGuire
Mr. Peepers	author	David Swift (director)
The Expedition of Humphry Clinker	author	Tobias Smollett
Inform	author	Graham Nelson
The Lover (1984 novel)	author	Marguerite Duras
Lorna Doone	author	R. D. Blackmore
The Sound and the Fury	author	William Faulkner
Phineas Redux	author	Anthony Trollope
The Duke's Children	author	Anthony Trollope
Daniel Deronda	author	George Eliot
Nine Princes in Amber	author	Roger Zelazny
Sign of the Unicorn	author	Roger Zelazny
The Hand of Oberon	author	Roger Zelazny
The Courts of Chaos	author	Roger Zelazny
The Guns of Avalon	author	Roger Zelazny
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance	author	Robert M. Pirsig
The Quest for Fire	author	J.-H. Rosny
The Joy of Sex	author	Alex Comfort
Roadmarks	author	Roger Zelazny
Lord of Light	author	Roger Zelazny
Trumpton	author	Gordon Murray (puppeteer)
Camberwick Green	author	Gordon Murray (puppeteer)
Chigley	author	Gordon Murray (puppeteer)
ThunderCats	author	Leonard Starr
ThunderCats	author	Stephen Perry (writer)
Thomas and Friends	author	Britt Allcroft
Thomas and Friends	author	David Mitton
The BFG	author	Roald Dahl
The Tommyknockers	author	Stephen King
Journey to the West	author	Wu Cheng'en
Lost Boys (novel)	author	Orson Scott Card
Trainspotting (novel)	author	Irvine Welsh
Anna of the Five Towns	author	Arnold Bennett
The Eustace Diamonds	author	Anthony Trollope
The Old Wives' Tale	author	Arnold Bennett
Laughing Gas (novel)	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Das Kapital	author	Karl Marx
Das Kapital	author	Friedrich Engels
Anthem (novella)	author	Ayn Rand
We (novel)	author	Yevgeny Zamyatin
Migraine (book)	author	Oliver Sacks
Without Remorse	author	Tom Clancy
The Raggy Dolls	author	Neil Innes
Democracy: An American Novel	author	Henry Adams
The Black Tulip	author	Alexandre Dumas
Cujo	author	Stephen King
Human Action	author	Ludwig von Mises
More Joy in Heaven	author	Morley Callaghan
Les Misérables (musical)	author	Claude-Michel Schönberg
Les Misérables (musical)	author	Alain Boublil
Les Misérables (musical)	author	Trevor Nunn
Les Misérables (musical)	author	John Caird (director)
The Universe in a Nutshell	author	Stephen Hawking
Lonesome Dove	author	Larry McMurtry
Warring States (novel)	author	Mags L Halliday
The Practice Effect	author	David Brin
The British Museum Is Falling Down	author	David Lodge (author)
Miss Saigon	author	Claude-Michel Schönberg
Miss Saigon	author	Alain Boublil
BibTeX	author	Oren Patashnik
BibTeX	author	Leslie Lamport
WASTE	author	Justin Frankel
The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People	author	Stephen Covey
The Turn of the Screw	author	Henry James
Chapter Two (play)	author	Neil Simon
The French Lieutenant's Woman	author	John Fowles
Shadow of the Hegemon	author	Orson Scott Card
Internet Speculative Fiction Database	author	Al von Ruff
Either/Or	author	Søren Kierkegaard
Frindle	author	Andrew Clements
My Family and Other Animals	author	Gerald Durrell
Prince Caspian	author	C. S. Lewis
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe	author	C. S. Lewis
Primary Colors (novel)	author	Joe Klein
A Moveable Feast	author	Ernest Hemingway
The Murder of Roger Ackroyd	author	Agatha Christie
The A.B.C. Murders	author	Agatha Christie
A Theory of Justice	author	John Rawls
Crossing the Chasm	author	Geoffrey Moore
The Futurological Congress	author	Stanisław Lem
Oscar and Lucinda	author	Peter Carey (novelist)
Zodiac (novel)	author	Neal Stephenson
Jay's Journal	author	Anonymous work
Their Eyes Were Watching God	author	Zora Neale Hurston
From the Earth to the Moon	author	Jules Verne
Underworld (DeLillo novel)	author	Don DeLillo
Seven Pillars of Wisdom	author	T. E. Lawrence
The Oath	author	Elie Wiesel
Wacky Races	author	Larz Bourne
Wacky Races	author	Dalton Sandifer
Wacky Races	author	Tom Dagenais
Wacky Races	author	Michael Maltese
The Difference Engine	author	William Gibson
The Difference Engine	author	Bruce Sterling
Crimes of the Heart	author	Beth Henley
I Love the '80s (U.S. TV series)	author	James Eatock
The Comic Strip  Presents...   1	author	Peter Richardson (actor)
The Comic Strip  Presents...   1	author	Pete Richens
Testament of Youth	author	Vera Brittain
M. Butterfly	author	David Henry Hwang
Stingray (TV series)	author	Gerry Anderson
Stingray (TV series)	author	Sylvia Anderson
Stingray (TV series)	author	Alan Fennell
Stingray (TV series)	author	Dennis Spooner
The Blind Assassin	author	Margaret Atwood
Mommie Dearest	author	Christina Crawford
Who Moved My Cheese?	author	Spencer Johnson (writer)
Lord Edgware Dies	author	Agatha Christie
The Mirror Crack'd from Side to Side	author	Agatha Christie
Captain Corelli's Mandolin	author	Louis de Bernières
The Hotel New Hampshire	author	John Irving
Mamma Mia!	author	Catherine Johnson
The Bridge (novel)	author	Iain Banks
Dhalgren	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Scar	author	China Miéville
Fear and Trembling	author	Søren Kierkegaard
Cold Comfort Farm	author	Stella Gibbons
Household Words	author	Charles Dickens
The Renegades	author	Steven E. de Souza
The Renegades	author	Rick Husky
Hatter's Castle	author	A. J. Cronin
Gravity's Rainbow	author	Thomas Pynchon
Starlight Express	author	Richard Stilgoe
Death in Venice	author	Thomas Mann
Effi Briest	author	Theodor Fontane
Buddenbrooks	author	Thomas Mann
Article 23 (novel)	author	William R. Forstchen
The Day of the Jackal	author	Frederick Forsyth
The Egyptian	author	Mika Waltari
A Presumption of Death	author	Jill Paton Walsh
Sam (text editor)	author	Rob Pike
A Tenured Professor	author	John Kenneth Galbraith
Trumps of Doom	author	Roger Zelazny
Dream of the Red Chamber	author	Cao Xueqin
Space: 1999	author	Gerry Anderson
Space: 1999	author	Sylvia Anderson
Space: 1999	author	Pip and Jane Baker
Space: 1999	author	Tony Barwick
Space: 1999	author	Johnny Byrne (writer)
Space: 1999	author	Terrance Dicks
Space: 1999	author	Terence Feely
Space: 1999	author	Fred Freiberger
Space: 1999	author	Donald James
Space: 1999	author	Bob Kellett
Space: 1999	author	Thom Keyes
Space: 1999	author	Jesse L. Lasky, Jr.
Space: 1999	author	Edward di Lorenzo
Space: 1999	author	Keith Miles
Space: 1999	author	Christopher Penfold
Space: 1999	author	Pat Silver-Lasky
Space: 1999	author	Anthony Terpiloff
Space: 1999	author	Art Wallace
Space: 1999	author	David Weir (writer)
Road Show (musical)	author	John Weidman
We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will Be Killed with Our Families	author	Philip Gourevitch
Nice Work	author	David Lodge (author)
The Haunted Mask	author	R. L. Stine
Wikiquote	author	Jimmy Wales
The Faraway Tree	author	Enid Blyton
Naked Lunch	author	William S. Burroughs
Pattern Recognition (novel)	author	William Gibson
Desperation	author	Stephen King
KYTV (TV series)	author	Angus Deayton
KYTV (TV series)	author	Geoffrey Perkins
A Gift Upon the Shore	author	M. K. Wren
The Chrysalids	author	John Wyndham
Who Goes There?	author	John W. Campbell
Blood of Amber	author	Roger Zelazny
Strong Motion	author	Jonathan Franzen
Sign of Chaos	author	Roger Zelazny
Knight of Shadows	author	Roger Zelazny
Prince of Chaos	author	Roger Zelazny
Porno (novel)	author	Irvine Welsh
The Love of the Last Tycoon	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
Save Me the Waltz	author	Zelda Fitzgerald
It (novel)	author	Stephen King
Angry Candy	author	Harlan Ellison
Permutation City	author	Greg Egan
Strata (novel)	author	Terry Pratchett
The Dark Side of the Sun	author	Terry Pratchett
Bluebeard (novel)	author	Kurt Vonnegut
How to Be Good	author	Nick Hornby
Chess (musical)	author	Richard Nelson (playwright)
Thunderball (novel)	author	Ian Fleming
The Devil's Disciple	author	George Bernard Shaw
India Unbound	author	Gurcharan Das
Magnum, P.I.	author	Donald Bellisario
Magnum, P.I.	author	Glen A. Larson
Magnum, P.I.	author	Chris Abbott
The Scarlet Letter	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
Two Years Before the Mast	author	Richard Henry Dana, Jr.
The G-String Murders	author	Gypsy Rose Lee
The G-String Murders	author	Ghostwriter
Bananas in Pyjamas	author	Simon Hopkinson
Bananas in Pyjamas	author	Bob La Castra
Bananas in Pyjamas	author	Debra Oswald
Bananas in Pyjamas	author	Richard Tulloch
Bananas in Pyjamas	author	Kris Wyld
Bananas in Pyjamas	author	Tracy Moody
The Prodigal Son (play)	author	Peter Wessel Zapffe
The School for Scandal	author	Richard Brinsley Sheridan
The Alexandria Quartet	author	Lawrence Durrell
Annie Get Your Gun (musical)	author	Herbert Fields
Annie Get Your Gun (musical)	author	Dorothy Fields
Mrs Craddock	author	W. Somerset Maugham
Elite (video game)  The Dark Wheel   1	author	Robert Holdstock
Hideous Kinky	author	Esther Freud
Myra Breckinridge	author	Gore Vidal
It Ain't Half Hot Mum	author	Jimmy Perry
Virginia (novel)	author	Ellen Glasgow
You Only Live Twice (novel)	author	Ian Fleming
The Stand	author	Stephen King
The Man with the Golden Gun (novel)	author	Ian Fleming
Who Censored Roger Rabbit?	author	Gary K. Wolf
The Magic School Bus at the Waterworks	author	Joanna Cole
The Magic School Bus Lost in the Solar System	author	Joanna Cole
Where on Earth Is Carmen Sandiego?	author	Kimmer Ringwald
Where on Earth Is Carmen Sandiego?	author	Sean Roche
Where on Earth Is Carmen Sandiego?	author	Doug Molitor
Walden	author	Henry David Thoreau
Things My Girlfriend and I Have Argued About	author	Mil Millington
Ring for Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Water Margin	author	Shi Nai'an
The Lazarus Effect	author	Frank Herbert
The Lazarus Effect	author	Bill Ransom
The First Stone	author	Helen Garner
Oblomov	author	Ivan Goncharov
Diaspora (novel)	author	Greg Egan
Schild's Ladder	author	Greg Egan
Sex and the City (book)	author	Candace Bushnell
The Murder on the Links	author	Agatha Christie
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil	author	John Berendt
The Hero with a Thousand Faces	author	Joseph Campbell
The Mangy Parrot	author	José Joaquín Fernández de Lizardi
Googlebot	author	Google
The Years of Rice and Salt	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
The Fourth Protocol	author	Frederick Forsyth
The Adventures of Tom Bombadil	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Artemis Fowl: The Eternity Code	author	Eoin Colfer
Downsize This! Random Threats from an Unarmed American	author	Michael Moore
The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test	author	Tom Wolfe
The Gods Themselves	author	Isaac Asimov
Charlotte's Web	author	E. B. White
The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman	author	Laurence Sterne
Howl's Moving Castle	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Gadsby (novel)	author	Ernest Vincent Wright
Joy (novel)	author	Marsha Hunt (singer and novelist)
Magic (software)	author	John Ousterhout
JACK Audio Connection Kit	author	Paul Davis (programmer)
Breakfast of Champions	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Mother Night	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Birds (play)	author	Aristophanes
Smoke and Mirrors (story collection)	author	Neil Gaiman
Movable Type	author	Benjamin Trott
Blogger (service)	author	Pyra Labs
Freedom Evolves	author	Daniel Dennett
Rainbow Six (novel)	author	Tom Clancy
Jasmine (novel)	author	Bharati Mukherjee
Far from the Madding Crowd	author	Thomas Hardy
Vineland	author	Thomas Pynchon
Hallowe'en Party	author	Agatha Christie
Ed, Edd n Eddy	author	Danny Antonucci
Ed, Edd n Eddy	author	Jono Howard
Empire of the Sun	author	J. G. Ballard
Guys and Dolls	author	Jo Swerling
Guys and Dolls	author	Abe Burrows
Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them	author	Al Franken
The Road Ahead	author	Bill Gates
The Road Ahead	author	Peter Rinearson
The Ice Storm	author	Rick Moody
Galaxy High	author	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
Three Comrades (novel)	author	Erich Maria Remarque
Iron John: A Book About Men	author	Robert Bly
No Exit	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
The Phantom of the Opera (1986 musical)	author	Andrew Lloyd Webber
The Phantom of the Opera (1986 musical)	author	Charles Hart (lyricist)
The Phantom of the Opera (1986 musical)	author	Richard Stilgoe
The Imitation of Christ	author	Thomas à Kempis
The Forever War	author	Joe Haldeman
Aspects of Love (novel)	author	David Garnett
Aspects of Love	author	Andrew Lloyd Webber
Aspects of Love	author	Don Black (lyricist)
Aspects of Love	author	Charles Hart (lyricist)
Whistle Down the Wind (musical)	author	Patricia Knop
Whistle Down the Wind (musical)	author	Andrew Lloyd Webber
Whistle Down the Wind (musical)	author	Gale Edwards
The Goal (novel)	author	Eliyahu M. Goldratt
Bambi, A Life in the Woods	author	Felix Salten
Robots and Empire	author	Isaac Asimov
Foundation (novel)	author	Isaac Asimov
Second Foundation	author	Isaac Asimov
Unsafe at Any Speed	author	Ralph Nader
Children of the Dog Star	author	Ken Catran
PiHKAL	author	Alexander Shulgin
PiHKAL	author	Ann Shulgin
The Vicomte of Bragelonne: Ten Years Later	author	Alexandre Dumas
Twenty Years After	author	Alexandre Dumas
Logan's Run	author	William F. Nolan
Bersirc	author	Jamie Frater
The Dumb Waiter	author	Harold Pinter
Stressed Eric	author	Carl Gorham
Stressed Eric	author	Michael Hatt
Girlfriend in a Coma (novel)	author	Douglas Coupland
The Wanderings of Oisin	author	W. B. Yeats
Schindler's Ark	author	Thomas Keneally
The Anarchist Cookbook	author	William Powell (author)
Reasons and Persons	author	Derek Parfit
The Sparrow (novel)	author	Mary Doria Russell
Chariots of the Gods?	author	Erich von Däniken
Red Rabbit	author	Tom Clancy
The Structure of Scientific Revolutions	author	Thomas Kuhn
Sartoris	author	William Faulkner
Babbitt (novel)	author	Sinclair Lewis
Amerika (novel)	author	Franz Kafka
The Farthest Shore	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Manual	author	Time Lord
The Quiet American	author	Graham Greene
Noli Me Tangere (novel)	author	José Rizal
The Cask of Amontillado	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Thursbitch	author	Alan Garner
Quo Vadis (novel)	author	Henryk Sienkiewicz
Join Me	author	Danny Wallace (humourist)
Ripley's Game	author	Patricia Highsmith
The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius	author	John A. Davis
The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius	author	Andrew Nicholls and Darrell Vickers
The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius	author	Andrew Nicholls and Darrell Vickers
An American Tragedy	author	Theodore Dreiser
Winesburg, Ohio (novel)	author	Sherwood Anderson
Something Happened	author	Joseph Heller
A Child's History of England	author	Charles Dickens
The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money	author	John Maynard Keynes
Christine (novel)	author	Stephen King
Nova Express	author	William S. Burroughs
Winnie-the-Pooh (book)	author	A. A. Milne
A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man	author	James Joyce
Take Back Your Government	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Godspell	author	John-Michael Tebelak
Fiasco (novel)	author	Stanisław Lem
Whoopee!	author	William Anthony McGuire
Jonathan Creek	author	David Renwick
As I Lay Dying (novel)	author	William Faulkner
The God of Small Things	author	Arundhati Roy
Bienvenidos	author	Miguel Ángel Landa
9 Tales of Space and Time	author	Raymond J. Healy
Sweet Charity	author	Neil Simon
Framework (office suite)	author	Forefront Corporation
Framework (office suite)	author	Ashton-Tate
Quicksilver (novel)	author	Neal Stephenson
Prometheus Bound	author	Aeschylus
The Persians	author	Aeschylus
Vacuum Diagrams	author	Stephen Baxter
Life on the Mississippi	author	Mark Twain
Cabaret (musical)	author	Joe Masteroff
English Wikipedia	author	Jimmy Wales
English Wikipedia	author	Larry Sanger
The Other Wind	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Children of the Atom	author	Wilmar H. Shiras
Wikibooks	author	B:User:Karl Wick
The Postman Always Rings Twice	author	James M. Cain
Siddhartha (novel)	author	Hermann Hesse
Yahoo! Groups	author	Yahoo!
Foundation and Empire	author	Isaac Asimov
Hushmail	author	Cliff Baltzley
Rights of Man	author	Thomas Paine
Married Love	author	Marie Stopes
The Sea Hawk	author	Rafael Sabatini
Underdog (TV series)	author	W. Watts Biggers
The Master and Margarita	author	Mikhail Bulgakov
The Visit	author	Friedrich Dürrenmatt
Disgrace (novel)	author	J. M. Coetzee
The Lords of Discipline	author	Pat Conroy
Engines of Creation	author	K. Eric Drexler
The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat	author	Oliver Sacks
Out of the Silent Planet	author	C. S. Lewis
Binary File Descriptor library	author	Cygnus Solutions
The $64,000 Question	author	Joseph Nathan Kane
Voyagers!	author	James D. Parriott
The Floating Admiral	author	G. K. Chesterton
The Floating Admiral	author	Agatha Christie
The Floating Admiral	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
The Floating Admiral	author	Ronald Knox
The Floating Admiral	author	Freeman Wills Crofts
The Sirens of Titan	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Sonic the Hedgehog (TV series)	author	Len Janson
The World Set Free	author	H. G. Wells
How Few Remain	author	Harry Turtledove
Robotfindskitten	author	Leonard Richardson
Perelandra	author	C. S. Lewis
Sweethearts (musical)	author	Harry B. Smith
Sweethearts (musical)	author	Fred DeGrésac
The Dragons of Eden	author	Carl Sagan
Teranesia	author	Greg Egan
Growth Fetish	author	Clive Hamilton
On the Road	author	Jack Kerouac
Man's Search for Meaning	author	Viktor Frankl
Vernon God Little	author	DBC Pierre
One Life to Live	author	Ron Carlivati
Celebrities Uncensored	author	Jeremy Fels
Celebrities Uncensored	author	E.L. Woody
Vile Bodies	author	Evelyn Waugh
Gilgamesh the King	author	Robert Silverberg
Roma Eterna	author	Robert Silverberg
Lila: An Inquiry into Morals	author	Robert M. Pirsig
The Emerald City of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Dear World	author	Jerome Lawrence
Dear World	author	Robert Edwin Lee
A Door into Ocean	author	Joan Slonczewski
The Robber Bride	author	Margaret Atwood
The Day of the Locust	author	Nathanael West
On Her Majesty's Secret Service (novel)	author	Ian Fleming
The Mote in God's Eye	author	Larry Niven
The Cingalee	author	James T. Tanner
Understanding Comics	author	Scott McCloud
Orsinian Tales	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Persuasion (novel)	author	Jane Austen
Stand on Zanzibar	author	John Brunner (novelist)
Rubyfruit Jungle	author	Rita Mae Brown
The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock	author	T. S. Eliot
Fallen Dragon	author	Peter F. Hamilton
The Sea-Wolf	author	Jack London
Lost in the Stars	author	Maxwell Anderson
Mona Lisa Overdrive	author	William Gibson
Count Zero	author	William Gibson
The Amazing Chan and the Chan Clan	author	Dennis Marks
Tehanu	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Missionary Position	author	Christopher Hitchens
SCUM Manifesto	author	Valerie Solanas
The Glory of Their Times	author	Lawrence Ritter
The Plague Dogs	author	Richard Adams
A Journal of the Plague Year	author	Daniel Defoe
Moll Flanders	author	Daniel Defoe
Skellig	author	David Almond
Kokoro	author	Natsume Sōseki
Diary of an Ordinary Woman	author	Margaret Forster
The Road to Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
The Last Battle	author	C. S. Lewis
After the Funeral	author	Agatha Christie
She: A History of Adventure	author	H. Rider Haggard
A Clergyman's Daughter	author	George Orwell
Burmese Days	author	George Orwell
Star Maker	author	Olaf Stapledon
Player Piano	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Loved One	author	Evelyn Waugh
A Town Like Alice	author	Nevil Shute
We the Living	author	Ayn Rand
Annie (musical)	author	Thomas Meehan (writer)
I Love the '80s Strikes Back	author	Mike Goudreau
When HARLIE Was One	author	David Gerrold
The Call of the Wild	author	Jack London
Hairspray (musical)	author	Mark O'Donnell
Hairspray (musical)	author	Thomas Meehan (writer)
Doug	author	Jim Jinkins
The Autobiography of an Unknown Indian	author	Nirad C. Chaudhuri
The Soft Machine	author	William S. Burroughs
Marsupilami    1	author	John Behnke
Marsupilami    1	author	Rob Humphrey
Marsupilami    1	author	Jim Peterson
Caddie Woodlawn	author	Carol Ryrie Brink
Visions of Cody	author	Jack Kerouac
Microsoft Comic Chat	author	Microsoft
Germinal (novel)	author	Émile Zola
Les Liaisons dangereuses	author	Pierre Choderlos de Laclos
Come and Go	author	Samuel Beckett
Rough for Theatre II	author	Samuel Beckett
Krapp's Last Tape	author	Samuel Beckett
MinGW	author	Colin Peters
The First Circle	author	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
Jamie and the Magic Torch	author	Brian Trueman
Mame (musical)	author	Jerome Lawrence
Mame (musical)	author	Robert Edwin Lee
Max Havelaar	author	Multatuli
Crazy for You	author	Ken Ludwig
The System of the World (novel)	author	Neal Stephenson
Damn Yankees	author	George Abbott
Damn Yankees	author	Douglass Wallop
RobotWar	author	Silas Warner
The Golden Age (novel series)	author	John C. Wright (author)
The Golden Age (novel series)  The Phoenix Exultant:or, Dispossessed in Utopia   1	author	John C. Wright (author)
The Golden Age (novel series)  The Golden Transcendence:or, The Last of the Masqu  1	author	John C. Wright (author)
The Good Soldier Švejk	author	Jaroslav Hašek
Sketches by Boz	author	Charles Dickens
Singularity Sky	author	Charles Stross
The Perfect Storm (book)	author	Sebastian Junger
The Marvelous Land of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Ozma of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Prey (novel)	author	Michael Crichton
The Tin Woodman of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Hackers (anthology)	author	Jack Dann
Hackers (anthology)	author	Gardner Dozois
Rocannon's World	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Solar System and Back	author	Isaac Asimov
The Secret of the Universe	author	Isaac Asimov
Always Coming Home	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Tales from Earthsea	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Last of the Mohicans	author	James Fenimore Cooper
Yahoo! Babel Fish	author	AltaVista
Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Forward the Foundation	author	Isaac Asimov
Stellarium (computer program)	author	Fabien Chéreau
Vanity of Duluoz	author	Jack Kerouac
A Confederacy of Dunces	author	John Kennedy Toole
Ramona	author	Helen Hunt Jackson
Tik-Tok of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
MathWorld	author	Eric W. Weisstein
ColdFusion	author	Jeremy Allaire
ColdFusion	author	Joseph J. Allaire
The Scarecrow of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
The Genius and the Goddess	author	Aldous Huxley
Balance Point	author	Kathy Tyers
The Old Capital	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Little, Big	author	John Crowley
Timequake	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Neverending Story	author	Michael Ende
The Chosen (Potok novel)	author	Chaim Potok
The Campus Murders	author	Gil Brewer
No, No, Nanette	author	Otto Harbach
No, No, Nanette	author	Frank Mandel
No, No, Nanette	author	Burt Shevelove
Rinkitink in Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Godric (novel)	author	Frederick Buechner
Arrowsmith (novel)	author	Sinclair Lewis
The Lost Princess of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Phase Space (story collection)	author	Stephen Baxter
King Rollo	author	David McKee
Evolution (novel)	author	Stephen Baxter
The Time Ships	author	Stephen Baxter
It Feels Like Thunder	author	L. Jean Voss
Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution	author	Steven Levy
Black Beauty	author	Anna Sewell
Crypto: How the Code Rebels Beat the Government—Saving Privacy in the Digital Age	author	Steven Levy
The Secret Adversary	author	Agatha Christie
The Thorn Birds	author	Colleen McCullough
The Magic of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator	author	Roald Dahl
The Pleasure of the Text	author	Roland Barthes
The Inheritors (Joseph Conrad and Ford Madox Ford)	author	Ford Madox Ford
The Inheritors (Joseph Conrad and Ford Madox Ford)	author	Joseph Conrad
Hillside (TV series)	author	John T. Binkley
Glinda of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories	author	Isaac Asimov
The Bias Against Guns	author	John Lott
The Story of Mankind	author	Hendrik Willem van Loon
Walk Two Moons	author	Sharon Creech
God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich	author	William L. Shirer
The Unknown Soldier (novel)	author	Väinö Linna
Main Street (novel)	author	Sinclair Lewis
Misery (novel)	author	Stephen King
The Monk	author	Matthew Lewis (writer)
MP3.com	author	Michael Robertson (businessman)
American Tabloid	author	James Ellroy
Li'l Abner (musical)	author	Norman Panama
Li'l Abner (musical)	author	Melvin Frank
QTFairUse	author	Jon Lech Johansen
The Cold Six Thousand	author	James Ellroy
The 10 Percenters	author	Paul Alexander (British writer)
The 10 Percenters	author	Rob Grant
Fifth Business	author	Robertson Davies
International Plant Names Index	author	Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew
Groklaw	author	Pamela Jones
Louisiana Purchase (musical)	author	Morrie Ryskind
Black Boy	author	Richard Wright (author)
The City and the Pillar	author	Gore Vidal
FIGlet	author	Glenn Chappell
FIGlet	author	Ian Chai
Tai-Pan (novel)	author	James Clavell
Anything Goes	author	Guy Bolton
Anything Goes	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Seussical	author	Lynn Ahrens
Seussical	author	Stephen Flaherty
Horton Hears a Who!	author	Dr. Seuss
X-Men: Pryde of the X-Men	author	Larry Parr (director)
The World Is Round	author	Tony Rothman
Angels in America: A Gay Fantasia on National Themes	author	Tony Kushner
Angels in America: A Gay Fantasia on National Themes  Angels in America: Perestroika   1	author	Tony Kushner
Physics Analysis Workstation	author	CERN
'Salem's Lot	author	Stephen King
One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich	author	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
The Black Dahlia (novel)	author	James Ellroy
Bombay Dreams	author	Meera Syal
Bombay Dreams	author	Thomas Meehan
Invisible Man	author	Ralph Ellison
The Bourne Identity (novel)	author	Robert Ludlum
Camera Lucida (book)	author	Roland Barthes
Night (book)	author	Elie Wiesel
The Gripping Hand	author	Larry Niven
The Gripping Hand	author	Jerry Pournelle
Redwall (novel)	author	Brian Jacques
Redwall (novel)  Redwall: The Graphic Novel   1	author	Brian Jacques
Redwall (novel)  Redwall: The Graphic Novel   1	author	Stuart Moore
Forever Peace	author	Joe Haldeman
Camino Real (play)	author	Tennessee Williams
Alaska (novel)	author	James A. Michener
The Fifth Discipline	author	Peter Senge
Nmap	author	Gordon Lyon
The All-Seeing Eye	author	UDP Soft
The Mill on the Floss	author	George Eliot
Lullaby (novel)	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Don't Panic: The Official Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Companion	author	Neil Gaiman
Don't Panic: The Official Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Companion	author	David K. Dickson
Don't Panic: The Official Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Companion	author	M. J. Simpson
Rocket Robin Hood	author	Ralph Bakshi
Mythologies (book)	author	Roland Barthes
The Case for Mars	author	Robert Zubrin
The Case for Mars	author	Richard Wagner (scientist)
The Case for Mars	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Lucky Jim	author	Kingsley Amis
Simutrans	author	Hansjörg Malthaner
They'd Rather Be Right	author	Mark Clifton
For Us, The Living: A Comedy of Customs	author	Robert A. Heinlein
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court	author	Mark Twain
The Glass Menagerie	author	Tennessee Williams
Absolution Gap	author	Alastair Reynolds
Broken Angels (novel)	author	Richard Morgan (author)
A Delicate Balance (play)	author	Edward Albee
The Coronation (novel)	author	Boris Akunin
The Dark Tower V: Wolves of the Calla	author	Stephen King
The Good Earth	author	Pearl S. Buck
The Secret Garden	author	Frances Hodgson Burnett
The Sea, the Sea	author	Iris Murdoch
The Brothel in Rosenstrasse	author	Michael Moorcock
Urpmi	author	Pascal Rigaux
Earth Is Room Enough	author	Isaac Asimov
The Discovery of Heaven	author	Harry Mulisch
Only Begotten Daughter	author	James K. Morrow
A Prayer for Owen Meany	author	John Irving
The Elenium	author	David Eddings
The Elenium  The Ruby Knight   1	author	David Eddings
The Elenium  The Sapphire Rose   1	author	David Eddings
Dragon Kings (Dark Sun)	author	Timothy Brown (game designer)
The Tamuli	author	David Eddings
The Tamuli  The Shining Ones   1	author	David Eddings
The Tamuli  The Hidden City   1	author	David Eddings
Folding@home	author	Vijay Pande
The Revolt of the Cockroach People	author	Oscar Zeta Acosta
Autobiography of a Brown Buffalo	author	Oscar Zeta Acosta
The Naked Sun	author	Isaac Asimov
CUPS	author	Michael Sweet (programmer)
America's Funniest Home Videos	author	Todd Thicke
The Man Who Was Thursday	author	G. K. Chesterton
A Simple Plan (novel)	author	Scott Smith (author)
The Sign of the Four	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
A History of Vodka	author	William Pokhlyobkin
The Monsters and the Critics	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Monsters and the Critics	author	Christopher Tolkien
Farewell, My Lovely	author	Raymond Chandler
The Long Goodbye (novel)	author	Raymond Chandler
The Once and Future King	author	T. H. White
Relic (novel)	author	Lincoln Child
Relic (novel)	author	Douglas Preston
The Mayor of Casterbridge	author	Thomas Hardy
The Wiz	author	William F. Brown (writer)
Life of Pi	author	Yann Martel
The Robots of Dawn	author	Isaac Asimov
The Dangerous Summer	author	Ernest Hemingway
The State and Revolution	author	Vladimir Lenin
Peril at End House	author	Agatha Christie
The Secret of the Old Clock	author	Carolyn Keene
The Hidden Staircase	author	Carolyn Keene
The Underground History of American Education	author	John Taylor Gatto
The Subtle Knife	author	Philip Pullman
Medallions (book)	author	Zofia Nałkowska
The Horse and His Boy	author	C. S. Lewis
The Story of the Stone (Barry Hughart)	author	Barry Hughart
The Mists of Avalon	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Book of Merlyn	author	T. H. White
XScreenSaver	author	Jamie Zawinski
The Age of Extremes	author	Eric Hobsbawm
Doctor Faustus (play)	author	Christopher Marlowe
A Daughter of the Snows	author	Jack London
The Valley of the Moon (novel)	author	Jack London
Martin Eden	author	Jack London
The Iron Heel	author	Jack London
The Little Lady of the Big House	author	Jack London
The Star Rover	author	Jack London
At Swim-Two-Birds	author	Brian O'Nolan
Slate (magazine)	author	Michael Kinsley
Startide Rising	author	David Brin
Rilla of Ingleside	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
The Pickwick Papers	author	Charles Dickens
Perfume (novel)	author	Patrick Süskind
Rama II (novel)	author	Gentry Lee
Rama II (novel)	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Prelude to Space	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The House of Dolls	author	Yehiel De-Nur
Planet of Exile	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Freedesktop.org	author	Havoc Pennington
Joe 90	author	Tony Barwick
Fortress Besieged	author	Qian Zhongshu
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader	author	C. S. Lewis
Geek Love	author	Katherine Dunn
Black Hawk Down (book)	author	Mark Bowden
City of Illusions	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Knock First	author	David Collins
Malafrena	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Bye Bye Birdie	author	Michael Stewart (playwright)
Literary Machines	author	Ted Nelson
Show Boat	author	Oscar Hammerstein II
'Allo 'Allo!	author	Jeremy Lloyd
'Allo 'Allo!	author	David Croft (TV producer)
The Awakening (novel)	author	Kate Chopin
The Case for Israel	author	Alan Dershowitz
Passage of Arms	author	Eric Ambler
The Emperor's New Mind	author	Roger Penrose
The Blithedale Romance	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
Under the Net	author	Iris Murdoch
Camelot (musical)	author	Alan Jay Lerner
The Widow Jones	author	John J. McNally
Trailer Park Boys	author	Mike Clattenburg
Trailer Park Boys	author	John Paul Tremblay
Trailer Park Boys	author	Robb Wells
Trailer Park Boys	author	Barrie Dunn
Trailer Park Boys	author	Jackie Torrens
Trailer Park Boys	author	Mike Smith (actor)
Trailer Park Boys	author	Jonathan Torrens
The War Hound and the World's Pain	author	Michael Moorcock
Things Fall Apart	author	Chinua Achebe
Moneyball	author	Michael Lewis (author)
The Wind Done Gone	author	Alice Randall
Blackadder's Christmas Carol	author	Richard Curtis
Blackadder's Christmas Carol	author	Ben Elton
Billy Budd	author	Herman Melville
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six	author	Tom Clancy
Peter Gunn	author	Gene L. Coon
Peter Gunn	author	Blake Edwards
Bleak House	author	Charles Dickens
Bridge to Terabithia (novel)	author	Katherine Paterson
The Atlas of Middle-earth	author	Karen Wynn Fonstad
Orkut	author	Orkut Büyükkökten
The Painted Bird	author	Jerzy Kosinski
Tourist Season (novel)	author	Carl Hiaasen
The Royle Family	author	Caroline Aherne
The Royle Family	author	Craig Cash
Come Back, Little Sheba (play)	author	William Inge
Lord Emsworth and Others	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Tigana	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
Centennial (novel)	author	James A. Michener
The Perils of Penelope Pitstop	author	Michael Maltese
The Perils of Penelope Pitstop	author	Joe Ruby
The Perils of Penelope Pitstop	author	Ken Spears
The Red and the Black	author	Stendhal
Underground (Haruki Murakami book)	author	Haruki Murakami
Chocky	author	John Wyndham
Civilization and Its Discontents	author	Sigmund Freud
Pingu	author	Pingu
Power Rangers Ninja Storm	author	Douglas Sloan
Power Rangers Ninja Storm	author	Ann Austen
Power Rangers Ninja Storm	author	Jackie Marchand
Hay Fever	author	Noël Coward
Private Lives	author	Noël Coward
The Coroner's Toolkit	author	Dan Farmer
The Coroner's Toolkit	author	Wietse Venema
Agnes Grey	author	Anne Brontë
King Leopold's Ghost	author	Adam Hochschild
The Stepford Wives	author	Ira Levin
The Fifth Child	author	Doris Lessing
Anti-Ice	author	Stephen Baxter
Shadow of the Giant	author	Orson Scott Card
Encounter with Tiber	author	Buzz Aldrin
Encounter with Tiber	author	John Barnes (author)
Night of the Aurochs	author	Dalton Trumbo
The Stars, Like Dust	author	Isaac Asimov
Dancing Barefoot (book)	author	Wil Wheaton
Masada (miniseries)	author	Ernest K. Gann
Masada (miniseries)	author	Joel Oliansky
The Swiss Family Robinson	author	Johann David Wyss
The Swiss Family Robinson (1975 TV series)	author	John Meredyth Lucas
The Swiss Family Robinson (1975 TV series)	author	William Welch (editor)
Action Man (TV series)	author	Phil Harnage
Alienators: Evolution Continues	author	Michael Ryan
Alienators: Evolution Continues	author	Dick Grunert
Alienators: Evolution Continues	author	Paul Quinn
Beverly Hills Teens	author	Eleanor Burian-Mohr
Beverly Hills Teens	author	Jack Hanrahan
The Smoking Gun	author	William Bastone
The Smoking Gun	author	Daniel Green (reporter)
Flower Drum Song	author	Oscar Hammerstein II
Flower Drum Song	author	Joseph Fields
Flower Drum Song	author	David Henry Hwang
Slow Learner	author	Thomas Pynchon
The Master of Go	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Schrödinger's Cat Trilogy	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Our Friends in the North	author	Peter Flannery
The Legend of Luke	author	Brian Jacques
To a God Unknown	author	John Steinbeck
The Shnookums and Meat Funny Cartoon Show	author	Bill Kopp
Mystic River (novel)	author	Dennis Lehane
The Second Coming (TV serial)	author	Russell T Davies
The Monkey Wrench Gang	author	Edward Abbey
Sina.com	author	SINA Corporation
Jin Ping Mei	author	Jin Ping Mei
Death from a Top Hat	author	Clayton Rawson
The Autumn of the Patriarch	author	Gabriel García Márquez
Google News	author	Google
The Eyre Affair	author	Jasper Fforde
I Am a Cat	author	Natsume Sōseki
Swag (novel)	author	Elmore Leonard
Player's Handbook	author	Gary Gygax
Player's Handbook  , 2nd edition   1	author	David Cook (game designer)
Player's Handbook  , 3rd edition   1	author	Monte Cook
Player's Handbook  , 3rd edition   1	author	Jonathan Tweet
Player's Handbook  , 3rd edition   1	author	Skip Williams
Player's Handbook  , 4th edition   1	author	Rob Heinsoo
Player's Handbook  , 4th edition   1	author	Andy Collins (game designer)
Player's Handbook  , 4th edition   1	author	James Wyatt (game designer)
The Moon and Sixpence	author	W. Somerset Maugham
Against Interpretation	author	Susan Sontag
Illness as Metaphor	author	Susan Sontag
Dungeon Master's Guide	author	Monte Cook
Dungeon Master's Guide	author	Jonathan Tweet
Say It with Poison	author	Ann Granger
Starman (TV series)	author	Mike Gray
Starman (TV series)	author	Randall Wallace
Camp Concentration	author	Thomas M. Disch
The Whole Man	author	John Brunner (novelist)
Silverlock	author	John Myers Myers
Cryptographie indéchiffrable	author	Émile Victor Théodore Myszkowski
Éléments de géométrie algébrique	author	Alexander Grothendieck
Éléments de géométrie algébrique	author	Jean Dieudonné
Matilda (novel)	author	Roald Dahl
The Positronic Man	author	Isaac Asimov
The Positronic Man	author	Robert Silverberg
Jumanji	author	Chris Van Allsburg
UFO (TV series)	author	Gerry Anderson
UFO (TV series)	author	Sylvia Anderson
UFO (TV series)	author	Tony Barwick
UFO (TV series)	author	Terence Feely
UFO (TV series)	author	Alan Fennell
UFO (TV series)	author	Donald James
UFO (TV series)	author	Dennis Spooner
UFO (TV series)	author	David Tomblin
TiHKAL	author	Alexander Shulgin
TiHKAL	author	Ann Shulgin
Rich Dad Poor Dad	author	Robert Kiyosaki
Rich Dad Poor Dad	author	Sharon Lechter
Black No More	author	George Schuyler
The Wretched of the Earth	author	Frantz Fanon
The Currents of Space	author	Isaac Asimov
Foundation's Fear	author	Gregory Benford
Foundation and Chaos	author	Greg Bear
Foundation's Triumph	author	David Brin
The Seagull	author	Anton Chekhov
High Button Shoes	author	Stephen Longstreet
High Button Shoes	author	George Abbott
Isaac Asimov's Caliban	author	Roger MacBride Allen
Isaac Asimov's Inferno	author	Roger MacBride Allen
The Complete Robot	author	Isaac Asimov
Robot Dreams	author	Isaac Asimov
The Feast of the Goat	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
Lost in a Good Book	author	Jasper Fforde
The Story of Civilization	author	Will Durant
The Story of Civilization	author	Ariel Durant
First Meetings	author	Orson Scott Card
The Glass Bead Game	author	Hermann Hesse
The Satanic Bible	author	Anton LaVey
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (novel)	author	Douglas Adams
HowStuffWorks	author	Marshall Brain
GeoCities	author	David Bohnett
GeoCities	author	GeoCities
The Satanic Verses	author	Salman Rushdie
Pure Data	author	Miller Puckette
Galactic Pot-Healer	author	Philip K. Dick
Jennifer Government	author	Max Barry
O Cortiço	author	Aluísio Azevedo
American Pastoral	author	Philip Roth
LINPACK	author	Jack Dongarra
LINPACK	author	Cleve Moler
Open Mike with Mike Bullard	author	Mike Bullard (television)
Open Mike with Mike Bullard	author	Sean Tweedley
High Score!: The Illustrated History of Electronic Games	author	Rusel DeMaria
High Score!: The Illustrated History of Electronic Games	author	Johnny Lee Wilson
Down to a Sunless Sea	author	David Graham (author)
Undine (novella)	author	Friedrich de la Motte Fouqué
Death in the Afternoon	author	Ernest Hemingway
Hegemony or Survival	author	Noam Chomsky
The Grey King	author	Susan Cooper
The Mystery of the Yellow Room	author	Gaston Leroux
The Case of the Constant Suicides	author	John Dickson Carr
Le Ventre de Paris	author	Émile Zola
La Faute de l'Abbé Mouret	author	Émile Zola
Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus	author	John Gray (U.S. author)
The Spy Who Loved Me (novel)	author	Ian Fleming
L'Assommoir	author	Émile Zola
Metropolitan (novel)	author	Walter Jon Williams
The Hellbound Heart	author	Clive Barker
Power Rangers Dino Thunder	author	Douglas Sloan
Power Rangers Dino Thunder	author	Jackie Marchand
Power Rangers Dino Thunder	author	Bruce Kalish
Five Children and It	author	E. Nesbit
Valley of the Dolls	author	Jacqueline Susann
K-PAX	author	Gene Brewer
Medea (play)	author	Euripides
The Frogs	author	Aristophanes
Beautiful Life (2000 TV series)	author	Eriko Kitagawa
Them (novel)	author	Joyce Carol Oates
2061: Odyssey Three	author	Arthur C. Clarke
3001: The Final Odyssey	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Rama Revealed	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Rama Revealed	author	Gentry Lee
Footfall	author	Larry Niven
Footfall	author	Jerry Pournelle
Ubu Roi	author	Alfred Jarry
Thttpd	author	Jef Poskanzer
Shade's Children	author	Garth Nix
Jennifer Government: NationStates	author	Max Barry
The Bonfire of the Vanities	author	Tom Wolfe
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue	author	Judd Lynn
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue	author	Jackie Marchand
On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences	author	Neil Sloane
Of Moths and Men	author	Judith Hooper
Ice Station Zebra (novel)	author	Alistair MacLean
The Discovery of India	author	Jawaharlal Nehru
Saturday Night and Sunday Morning	author	Alan Sillitoe
Bobos in Paradise	author	David Brooks (journalist)
Inferno (novel)	author	Larry Niven
The Bridge of San Luis Rey	author	Thornton Wilder
The Owl Service	author	Alan Garner
Endgame (play)	author	Samuel Beckett
Last Chance to See	author	Douglas Adams
Last Chance to See	author	Mark Carwardine
The UNIX-HATERS Handbook	author	Simson Garfinkel
The UNIX-HATERS Handbook	author	Daniel Weise
The UNIX-HATERS Handbook	author	Steven Strassmann
Baudolino	author	Umberto Eco
The Power of Darkness	author	Leo Tolstoy
The Ugly Little Boy	author	Isaac Asimov
The Ugly Little Boy	author	Robert Silverberg
The Man-eaters of Tsavo	author	John Henry Patterson (author)
Ponniyin Selvan	author	Kalki Krishnamurthy
The Demon-Haunted World	author	Carl Sagan
The Goat, or Who Is Sylvia?	author	Edward Albee
The Theory of Moral Sentiments	author	Adam Smith
Simple Simon (musical)	author	Guy Bolton
Simple Simon (musical)	author	Ed Wynn
A Walk in the Woods	author	Bill Bryson
In the Country of Last Things	author	Paul Auster
The Codebreakers	author	David Kahn (writer)
The Path to the Nest of Spiders	author	Italo Calvino
Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon	author	Yasuko Kobayashi
Bartleby, the Scrivener	author	Herman Melville
Shikasta	author	Doris Lessing
The Dancing Wu Li Masters	author	Gary Zukav
Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom	author	Cory Doctorow
The Descent of Man	author	Charles Darwin
River Out of Eden	author	Richard Dawkins
Genome (book)	author	Matt Ridley
I Like Pumpkins	author	Jerry Smath
National Velvet	author	Enid Bagnold
Red Shoe Diaries	author	Zalman King
Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee	author	Dee Brown (writer)
I Never Promised You a Rose Garden (novel)	author	Joanne Greenberg
The Sum of All Fears	author	Tom Clancy
Welcome to the Monkey House	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Island (novel)	author	Aldous Huxley
Our Dumb Century	author	The Onion
Our Dumb Century	author	Scott Dikkers
Something Fresh	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Light of Other Days	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Light of Other Days	author	Stephen Baxter
Power Rangers Wild Force	author	Derek Rydall
Power Rangers Wild Force	author	Bergen Williams
Power Rangers Time Force	author	Judd Lynn
Power Rangers Time Force	author	Jackie Marchand
Do I Hear a Waltz?	author	Arthur Laurents
Crafty	author	Robert Hyatt
The Integral Trees	author	Larry Niven
The Age of Innocence	author	Edith Wharton
What Liberal Media?	author	Eric Alterman
Journeys of Frodo	author	Barbara Strachey
With Fire and Sword	author	Henryk Sienkiewicz
Jaws: The Revenge  Jaws: The Revenge   2	author	Hank Searls
A Chorus Line	author	James Kirkwood, Jr.
A Chorus Line	author	Nicholas Dante
Sabriel	author	Garth Nix
The Amber Spyglass	author	Philip Pullman
Lyra's Oxford	author	Philip Pullman
The Tao of Pooh	author	Benjamin Hoff
Summer Lightning	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Riddley Walker	author	Russell Hoban
On Aggression	author	Konrad Lorenz
334 (novel)	author	Thomas M. Disch
N or M?	author	Agatha Christie
The Mist	author	Stephen King
The Seven Dials Mystery	author	Agatha Christie
Travesties	author	Tom Stoppard
Ronia the Robber's Daughter	author	Astrid Lindgren
Canto General	author	Pablo Neruda
Pet Sematary	author	Stephen King
Firestarter	author	Stephen King
Caribbean (novel)	author	James A. Michener
Rage (novel)	author	Stephen King
The Regulators	author	Stephen King
The Two Georges	author	Harry Turtledove
The Two Georges	author	Richard Dreyfuss
Passion (musical)	author	James Lapine
Oryx and Crake	author	Margaret Atwood
Temple (novel)	author	Matthew Reilly
The Troll	author	Julia Donaldson
The Pajama Game	author	George Abbott
The Pajama Game	author	Richard Pike Bissell
The Travels of Marco Polo	author	Rustichello da Pisa
The Travels of Marco Polo	author	Marco Polo
Public Stunts Private Stories	author	Paul Myers (musician)
The Man Who Folded Himself	author	David Gerrold
The Four Feathers	author	A. E. W. Mason
Ice Station (novel)	author	Matthew Reilly
The Magic Mountain	author	Thomas Mann
The Bridge on the Drina	author	Ivo Andrić
The Castle (novel)	author	Franz Kafka
The Castle (novel)  Das Schloß   1	author	Franz Kafka
The Castle (novel)  Das Schloß   1	author	Malcolm Pasley
Invisible Monsters	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Speak (novel)	author	Laurie Halse Anderson
The Games (Australian TV series)	author	John Clarke (satirist)
The Games (Australian TV series)	author	Ross Stevenson (radio)
For Your Eyes Only (short story collection)	author	Ian Fleming
Ripley Under Water	author	Patricia Highsmith
The Secret of Chimneys	author	Agatha Christie
The Pelican Brief	author	John Grisham
The Fall of the House of Usher	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Showtune (musical)	author	Paul Gilger
Unweaving the Rainbow	author	Richard Dawkins
Coogan's Run	author	Steve Coogan
Coogan's Run	author	Patrick Marber
Coogan's Run	author	David Tyler
Coogan's Run	author	Graham Linehan
Coogan's Run	author	Arthur Mathews (writer)
Coogan's Run	author	Geoffrey Perkins
Coogan's Run	author	Henry Normal
The Basketball Diaries	author	Jim Carroll
MetaFilter	author	Matthew Haughey
The World of Null-A	author	A. E. van Vogt
The Black Arrow: A Tale of the Two Roses	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Testimony (book)	author	Dmitri Shostakovich
I Saw Poland Betrayed	author	Arthur Bliss Lane
How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying	author	Abe Burrows
How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying	author	Jack Weinstock
How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying	author	Willie Gilbert
The Spell Sword	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Laramie Project	author	Moisés Kaufman
The Laramie Project	author	Tectonic Theater Project
The Dragon Reborn	author	Robert Jordan
The Fires of Heaven	author	Robert Jordan
The Shadow Rising	author	Robert Jordan
1876 (novel)	author	Gore Vidal
Last of the Curlews	author	Fred Bodsworth
Black Books	author	Dylan Moran
Black Books	author	Graham Linehan
Black Books	author	Arthur Mathews (writer)
Black Books	author	Kevin Cecil
Black Books	author	Andy Riley
The Vision of the Anointed	author	Thomas Sowell
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Free Culture (book)	author	Lawrence Lessig
Blood Brothers (musical)	author	Willy Russell
DKBTrace	author	David Kirk Buck
DKBTrace	author	Aaron A. Collins
Killing Mr. Griffin	author	Lois Duncan
Lemony Snicket: The Unauthorized Autobiography	author	Lemony Snicket
Peer Gynt	author	Henrik Ibsen
Hoppity Hooper	author	Chris Jenkyns
Hoppity Hooper	author	Bill Scott (voice actor)
The Interpretation of Dreams	author	Sigmund Freud
The Human Factor (book)	author	Kim Vicente
You Rang, M'Lord?	author	Jimmy Perry
You Rang, M'Lord?	author	David Croft (TV producer)
The Iron Dragon's Daughter	author	Michael Swanwick
A Wrinkle in Time	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Lord of Chaos	author	Robert Jordan
The Theory of the Leisure Class	author	Thorstein Veblen
The Outsiders (novel)	author	S. E. Hinton
The Power and the Glory	author	Graham Greene
The End of the Affair	author	Graham Greene
Master Harold...and the Boys	author	Athol Fugard
OpenAL	author	Loki Software
The Idiot	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Tell Me Your Dreams	author	Sidney Sheldon
The Doomsday Conspiracy	author	Sidney Sheldon
Altered Carbon	author	Richard Morgan (author)
Death on the Nile	author	Agatha Christie
Death and the Maiden (play)	author	Ariel Dorfman
The 20th Century	author	Earle Luby
Dot and the Kangaroo	author	Ethel Pedley
Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach	author	Stuart J. Russell
Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach	author	Peter Norvig
The Seven-Per-Cent Solution	author	Nicholas Meyer
Jimmy Corrigan, the Smartest Kid on Earth	author	Chris Ware
Palestine (comics)	author	Joe Sacco
Like a Velvet Glove Cast in Iron	author	Daniel Clowes
The Elements of Typographic Style	author	Robert Bringhurst
The Shipping News	author	Annie Proulx
Nobody Nowhere	author	Donna Williams
A Time for Judas	author	Morley Callaghan
Waldo (short story)	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Dubliners	author	James Joyce
The Confusion	author	Neal Stephenson
The Manticore	author	Robertson Davies
Northern Lights (novel)	author	Philip Pullman
AlterNet	author	Independent Media Institute
Moon Palace	author	Paul Auster
The Pratchett Portfolio	author	Paul Kidby
Independent People	author	Halldór Laxness
Molvanîa	author	Tom Gleisner
Molvanîa	author	Santo Cilauro
Molvanîa	author	Rob Sitch
Bridge of Birds	author	Barry Hughart
Letters of a Portuguese Nun	author	Gabriel de Guilleragues
Alien Nation (1989 TV series)	author	Kenneth Johnson (producer)
Alien Nation (1989 TV series)	author	Rockne S. O'Bannon
The Andy Williams Show	author	John Aylesworth
The Andy Williams Show	author	Frank Peppiatt
A Child Called "It"	author	Dave Pelzer
Beyond Good and Evil	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret.	author	Judy Blume
Green Acres	author	Jay Sommers
Green Acres	author	Dick Chevillat
Angels & Demons	author	Dan Brown
The Greatest Canadian	author	Gary Pearson
Theory of Games and Economic Behavior	author	John von Neumann
Lenore, the Cute Little Dead Girl	author	Roman Dirge
Mr. Belvedere	author	Jack Carrerow
Mr. Belvedere	author	Frank Dungan
Mr. Belvedere	author	Tony Sheehan
Economics in One Lesson	author	Henry Hazlitt
The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Villette (novel)	author	Charlotte Brontë
Shirley (novel)	author	Charlotte Brontë
The Drowned and the Saved	author	Primo Levi
William Does His Bit	author	Richmal Crompton
Embraced by the Light	author	Betty Eadie
The History of the Standard Oil Company	author	Ida M. Tarbell
Windmills of the Gods	author	Sidney Sheldon
Fooled by Randomness	author	Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Tom Terrific	author	William Bernal
Tom Terrific	author	P. D. Eastman
Tom Terrific	author	Bud Evsalin
Tom Terrific	author	Bob Kuwahara
Tom Terrific	author	Ralph Newman
Flat Stanley	author	Jeff Brown (author)
Greenmantle	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
The Castle of Otranto	author	Horace Walpole
Glengarry Glen Ross	author	David Mamet
The Chimp Channel	author	Neil Alsip
The Chimp Channel	author	Tim Burns
Sex (book)	author	Madonna (entertainer)
Fox in Socks	author	Dr. Seuss
Bill, the Galactic Hero	author	Harry Harrison
His Last Bow	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
WiX	author	Rob Mensching
Circle of Three	author	Michael Thomas Ford
The Cyberiad	author	Stanisław Lem
Decline and Fall	author	Evelyn Waugh
The Ben Stiller Show	author	Ben Stiller
The Ben Stiller Show	author	Judd Apatow
The Ben Stiller Show	author	David Cross
The Ben Stiller Show	author	Bob Odenkirk
The Ben Stiller Show	author	Sultan Pepper
The Ben Stiller Show	author	Dino Stamatopoulos
Ethan Frome	author	Edith Wharton
White Oleander	author	Janet Fitch
Macroscope (novel by Piers Anthony)	author	Piers Anthony
A Cook's Tour	author	Anthony Bourdain
The Power of Myth  e Power of Myth   1	author	Joseph Campbell
The Power of Myth  e Power of Myth   1	author	Bill Moyers
The Power of Myth  e Power of Myth   1	author	Betty Sue Flowers
Mrs Beeton's Book of Household Management	author	Isabella Beeton
The Mousetrap	author	Agatha Christie
The Bachman Books	author	Stephen King
Lanark: A Life in Four Books	author	Alasdair Gray
Team Yankee	author	Harold Coyle
The Stars My Destination	author	Alfred Bester
A Fighting Man of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Titan (John Varley)	author	John Varley (author)
First Folio	author	William Shakespeare
The Rules of Attraction	author	Bret Easton Ellis
Finian's Rainbow	author	Yip Harburg
Finian's Rainbow	author	Fred Saidy
Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio	author	Pu Songling
The Client	author	John Grisham
Pink Lady (TV series)	author	Jim Brochu
Pink Lady (TV series)	author	Mark Evanier
The City and the Stars	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Gorky Park (novel)	author	Martin Cruz Smith
The Book of Dust	author	Philip Pullman
Honk!	author	Anthony Drewe
The Mysterious Stranger	author	Mark Twain
The Acharnians	author	Aristophanes
Beyond the Rocks	author	Elinor Glyn
The Portrait of a Lady	author	Henry James
Max the Mighty	author	Rodman Philbrick
Critique of Practical Reason	author	Immanuel Kant
Verbal Behavior	author	B. F. Skinner
Think and Grow Rich	author	Napoleon Hill
Devdas	author	Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay
On the Town (musical)	author	Betty Comden
On the Town (musical)	author	Adolph Green
The Price of Loyalty	author	Ron Suskind
Eragon	author	Christopher Paolini
Barefoot in the Park	author	Neil Simon
The Edible Woman	author	Margaret Atwood
The Brothers Karamazov	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Plan of Attack	author	Bob Woodward
Congo (novel)	author	Michael Crichton
My Sister Sam	author	Lisa Albert
My Sister Sam	author	Diane English
My Sister Sam	author	Karyl Geld Miller
Looking Backward	author	Edward Bellamy
Star Trek Star Fleet Technical Manual	author	Franz Joseph (artist)
The Rothschilds	author	Sherman Yellen
Nostromo	author	Joseph Conrad
The Well of Lost Plots	author	Jasper Fforde
Joanie Loves Chachi	author	Lowell Ganz
Joanie Loves Chachi	author	Neil Rosen
Tom Brown's Schooldays	author	Thomas Hughes
Eight Skilled Gentlemen	author	Barry Hughart
The Songs of Distant Earth	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Slapstick (novel)	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Moon of Gomrath	author	Alan Garner
California Dreams	author	Brett Dewey
California Dreams	author	Ronald B. Solomon
2point4 children	author	Andrew Marshall (writer)
Captain Blood (novel)	author	Rafael Sabatini
Earthborn	author	Orson Scott Card
Flicker (novel)	author	Theodore Roszak (scholar)
The Müller-Fokker Effect	author	John Thomas Sladek
Earthfall	author	Orson Scott Card
God Bless You, Dr. Kevorkian	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Wasps	author	Aristophanes
The Black Rider	author	William S. Burroughs
Comics and Sequential Art	author	Will Eisner
The Father Christmas Letters	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Father Christmas Letters	author	Tolkien family#Baillie Tolkien
Elidor	author	Alan Garner
Freak the Mighty	author	Rodman Philbrick
Childhood (novel)	author	Leo Tolstoy
Book of Concord	author	Jakob Andreae
Book of Concord	author	Martin Chemnitz
Darkness at Noon	author	Arthur Koestler
The Mystery of Edwin Drood	author	Charles Dickens
Mr Benn	author	David McKee
A Time to Kill	author	John Grisham
A Handful of Dust	author	Evelyn Waugh
Never Cry Wolf	author	Farley Mowat
Man, Economy, and State	author	Murray Rothbard
The Mauritius Command	author	Patrick O'Brian
Confessions (St. Augustine)	author	Augustine of Hippo
The Surgeon's Mate	author	Patrick O'Brian
Suor	author	Jorge Amado
According to Mary Magdalene	author	Marianne Fredriksson
The Desert Song	author	Oscar Hammerstein II
The Desert Song	author	Otto Harbach
Insomnia (novel)	author	Stephen King
Terras do Sem Fim	author	Jorge Amado
Seara Vermelha	author	Jorge Amado
Os Subterrâneos da Liberdade	author	Jorge Amado
The Two Deaths of Quincas Wateryell	author	Jorge Amado
Tenda dos Milagres (novel)	author	Jorge Amado
Tocaia Grande	author	Jorge Amado
A Descoberta da América pelos Turcos	author	Jorge Amado
The Failure of the New Economics	author	Henry Hazlitt
Dead Souls	author	Nikolai Gogol
The Voyage of the Space Beagle	author	A. E. van Vogt
Fallen Angels (science fiction novel)	author	Larry Niven
Fallen Angels (science fiction novel)	author	Jerry Pournelle
Fallen Angels (science fiction novel)	author	Michael F. Flynn
Shameless	author	Paul Abbott
Shameless	author	Danny Brocklehurst
Shirley Valentine	author	Willy Russell
The Music of Chance	author	Paul Auster
Yentl	author	Leah Napolin
Yentl	author	Isaac Bashevis Singer
Juliette (novel)	author	Marquis de Sade
Johnny and the Bomb	author	Terry Pratchett
The Anubis Gates	author	Tim Powers
Icons of Evolution	author	Jonathan Wells (intelligent design advocate)
Three Sisters (play)	author	Anton Chekhov
The Elegant Universe	author	Brian Greene
The Merv Griffin Show	author	Jerry Bresler
Gun, with Occasional Music	author	Jonathan Lethem
Unto These Hills	author	Kermit Hunter
Formatting Objects Processor	author	James Tauber
The Bone People	author	Keri Hulme
Animal World	author	Antonio di Benedetto
Encyclopedia of Australian Rock and Pop	author	Ian McFarlane
The Witches (book)	author	Roald Dahl
Me and My Girl	author	Douglas Furber
Me and My Girl	author	L. Arthur Rose
The Sibley Guide to Birds	author	David Allen Sibley
Rock Follies	author	Howard Schuman
Rock Follies  of '77   1	author	Howard Schuman
The Algebraist	author	Iain Banks
Walking on Glass	author	Iain Banks
Human Remains (TV series)	author	Toby Longworth
IQ and the Wealth of Nations	author	Richard Lynn
IQ and the Wealth of Nations	author	Tatu Vanhanen
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy	author	John le Carré
The Story of Little Black Sambo	author	Helen Bannerman
BBC Online	author	BBC
The Island of Doctor Moreau	author	H. G. Wells
The Nutmeg of Consolation	author	Patrick O'Brian
Ghost (software)	author	Murray Haszard
Green Eggs and Ham	author	Dr. Seuss
The Bellmaker	author	Brian Jacques
GLX	author	Silicon Graphics
Les Champs Magnétiques	author	André Breton
Les Champs Magnétiques	author	Philippe Soupault
The Tin Drum	author	Günter Grass
Crossroads of Twilight	author	Robert Jordan
The Last Starship from Earth	author	John Boyd (author)
Restoring the Lost Constitution	author	Randy Barnett
Momo (novel)	author	Michael Ende
The Most Dangerous Game (Gavin Lyall novel)	author	Gavin Lyall
Many Waters	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Froth on the Daydream	author	Boris Vian
The Drifters (novel)	author	James A. Michener
World of Wonders	author	Robertson Davies
The Cay	author	Theodore Taylor (author)
Morvern Callar	author	Alan Warner
This Side of Paradise	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
A Calculus of Angels	author	Gregory Keyes
Generations of Winter	author	Vasily Aksyonov
The Path of Daggers	author	Robert Jordan
Kaput and Zösky	author	Eric Rondeaux
Kaput and Zösky	author	Lewis Trondheim
Franny and Zooey	author	J. D. Salinger
A Spy in the House of Love	author	Anaïs Nin
The Millennial Project: Colonizing the Galaxy in Eight Easy Steps	author	Marshall Savage
One Hundred Years of Solitude	author	Gabriel García Márquez
The Wanting Seed	author	Anthony Burgess
The New York Trilogy	author	Paul Auster
Wanda at Large	author	Brian Hargrove
Wanda at Large	author	Bruce Helford
Wanda at Large	author	Jack Kenny
Wanda at Large	author	Wanda Sykes
The Art of Happiness	author	14th Dalai Lama
The Art of Happiness	author	Howard Cutler
Freedom in Exile	author	14th Dalai Lama
HMS Surprise (novel)	author	Patrick O'Brian
Desolation Island (novel)	author	Patrick O'Brian
Post Captain (novel)	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Fortune of War	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Ionian Mission	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Far Side of the World	author	Patrick O'Brian
Black Like Me	author	John Howard Griffin
The Outline of History	author	H. G. Wells
The Great Betrayal	author	Ian Smith
Jailbird	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Treason's Harbour	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Reverse of the Medal	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Letter of Marque	author	Patrick O'Brian
Blue at the Mizzen	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Hundred Days (novel)	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Commodore (novel)	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Wine-Dark Sea	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Yellow Admiral	author	Patrick O'Brian
Clarissa Oakes	author	Patrick O'Brian
Marvin K. Mooney Will You Please Go Now!	author	Dr. Seuss
The Book of Skulls	author	Robert Silverberg
The Road to Wellville	author	T. Coraghessan Boyle
The Devil's Dictionary	author	Ambrose Bierce
Big Town	author	Ewald André Dupont
Batfink	author	Dennis Marks
Batfink	author	Woody Kling
The Wind's Twelve Quarters	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Four Ways to Forgiveness	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
J. R. R. Tolkien: Artist and Illustrator	author	Wayne Hammond
J. R. R. Tolkien: Artist and Illustrator	author	Christina Scull
Business dynamics	author	John Sterman
A Separate Peace	author	John Knowles
Earthlight	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Sunset Boulevard (musical)	author	Don Black (lyricist)
Sunset Boulevard (musical)	author	Christopher Hampton
A Fall of Moondust	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Heavier Than Heaven	author	Charles R. Cross
The Bad Beginning	author	Lemony Snicket
The Reptile Room	author	Lemony Snicket
The Wide Window	author	Lemony Snicket
Our Mutual Friend	author	Charles Dickens
The Ersatz Elevator	author	Lemony Snicket
The Miserable Mill	author	Lemony Snicket
The Vile Village	author	Lemony Snicket
The Hostile Hospital	author	Lemony Snicket
The Grim Grotto	author	Lemony Snicket
The Carnivorous Carnival	author	Daniel Handler
The Slippery Slope	author	Lemony Snicket
Chronicle of a Death Foretold	author	Gabriel García Márquez
Icelander (novel)	author	Dustin Long (writer)
Libra (novel)	author	Don DeLillo
Earth (novel)	author	David Brin
The Neon Bible	author	John Kennedy Toole
The Borrowers	author	Mary Norton (author)
Lernu!	author	E@I
In Dubious Battle	author	John Steinbeck
The Little Golden Calf	author	Ilf and Petrov
The Twelve Chairs	author	Ilf and Petrov
The Moon Is Down	author	John Steinbeck
The Twins (novel)	author	Tessa de Loo
Manimal	author	Michael Berk
Manimal	author	Larry Brody
Manimal	author	Sam Egan
Manimal	author	Douglas Schwartz
A Good School	author	Richard Yates (novelist)
Finn and Hengest	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Urinetown	author	Greg Kotis
A German Requiem (novel)	author	Philip Kerr
The Fabulous Life of...	author	Rebecca Eisen
The Fabulous Life of...	author	Piper Weiss
Quantum Psychology	author	Robert Anton Wilson
The Eagle Has Landed	author	Jack Higgins
The Absolute at Large	author	Karel Čapek
The Road Back	author	Erich Maria Remarque
War with the Newts	author	Karel Čapek
In the Time of the Butterflies	author	Julia Alvarez
The Bonesetter's Daughter	author	Amy Tan
Nightfall (Asimov short story and novel)	author	Isaac Asimov
Nightfall (Asimov short story and novel)	author	Robert Silverberg
Less Than Zero (novel)	author	Bret Easton Ellis
The Beautiful Game (musical)	author	Andrew Lloyd Webber
The Beautiful Game (musical)	author	Ben Elton
Black Mischief	author	Evelyn Waugh
The Second Sex	author	Simone de Beauvoir
That Was Then, This Is Now	author	S. E. Hinton
From a Buick 8	author	Stephen King
Three Men in a Boat	author	Jerome K. Jerome
Galápagos (novel)	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Te of Piglet	author	Benjamin Hoff
Nine Tomorrows	author	Isaac Asimov
BusyBox	author	Bruce Perens
The Jesus Incident	author	Frank Herbert
The Jesus Incident	author	Bill Ransom
Moving Mars	author	Greg Bear
The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism	author	Max Weber
A River Runs Through It (novel)	author	Norman Maclean
Globalization and Its Discontents	author	Joseph Stiglitz
Me and Bessie	author	Will Holt
Me and Bessie	author	Linda Hopkins
The Blue Bird (play)	author	Maurice Maeterlinck
Red Alert (novel)	author	Peter George (author)
The City (book)	author	Max Weber
Sybil (book)	author	Flora Rheta Schreiber
Hi-de-Hi!	author	Jimmy Perry
Hi-de-Hi!	author	David Croft (TV producer)
Wizard's First Rule	author	Terry Goodkind
Allmusic	author	Michael Erlewine
Here's Boomer	author	Lowell Ganz
A World Lit Only by Fire	author	William Manchester
Billy Bathgate	author	E. L. Doctorow
Poenulus	author	Plautus
Expanded Psionics Handbook	author	Bruce Cordell
The Guns of August	author	Barbara W. Tuchman
The Joy Luck Club	author	Amy Tan
Habbo	author	Sampo Karjalainen
Habbo	author	Habbo
Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe	author	Fannie Flagg
Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology	author	Ayn Rand
Rainbow Brite	author	Woody Kling
Streamers	author	David Rabe
Cradle (novel)	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Cradle (novel)	author	Gentry Lee
Life of Galileo	author	Bertolt Brecht
Kings of the High Frontier	author	Victor Koman
Redemption Ark	author	Alastair Reynolds
The Scary Sleepover	author	Ulrich Karger
White Fang	author	Jack London
Hippolytus (play)	author	Euripides
I Am My Own Wife	author	Doug Wright
Where Late the Sweet Birds Sang	author	Kate Wilhelm
Eugénie Grandet	author	Honoré de Balzac
Back of the Y Masterpiece Television	author	Matt Heath
Back of the Y Masterpiece Television	author	Chris Stapp
Anglo-Saxon Attitudes	author	Angus Wilson
Eldest	author	Christopher Paolini
Forever Free (novel)	author	Joe Haldeman
The Cuckoo's Egg (book)	author	Clifford Stoll
Another Roadside Attraction	author	Tom Robbins
Of the City of the Saved...	author	Philip Purser-Hallard
The Book of the War	author	Lawrence Miles
A Game of Thrones	author	George R. R. Martin
A Clash of Kings	author	George R. R. Martin
The Things They Carried	author	Tim O'Brien (author)
A Storm of Swords	author	George R. R. Martin
A Deepness in the Sky	author	Vernor Vinge
The Notebook	author	Nicholas Sparks (author)
General Hospital	author	Garin Wolf
RRDtool	author	Tobias Oetiker
Quasar, Quasar, Burning Bright	author	Isaac Asimov
Reach for Tomorrow	author	Arthur C. Clarke
A History of the World in 10½ Chapters	author	Julian Barnes
This Boy's Life	author	Tobias Wolff
Millennium (novel)	author	John Varley (author)
Making History (novel)	author	Stephen Fry
Paradiso (1966 novel)	author	José Lezama Lima
Bowling Alone	author	Robert D. Putnam
Women in Love	author	D. H. Lawrence
The Ragwitch	author	Garth Nix
The Rainbow	author	D. H. Lawrence
Sundiver	author	David Brin
Stranger than Fiction: True Stories	author	Chuck Palahniuk
A Journey to the Center of the Earth	author	Jules Verne
The Betrothed (Manzoni novel)	author	Alessandro Manzoni
The Redemption of Althalus	author	David Eddings
Brazzaville Beach	author	William Boyd (writer)
The Will Rogers Follies	author	Peter Stone
The Indian in the Cupboard	author	Lynne Reid Banks
The Wealth of Nations	author	Adam Smith
Area 7 (novel)	author	Matthew Reilly
Callahan's Crosstime Saloon	author	Spider Robinson
The Witches of Eastwick	author	John Updike
Capitol (collection)	author	Orson Scott Card
Syrup (novel)	author	Max Barry
Closer to Heaven	author	Jonathan Harvey (playwright)
The Midwich Cuckoos	author	John Wyndham
Akhenaten, Dweller in Truth	author	Naguib Mahfouz
Faerie Tale	author	Raymond E. Feist
Lirael	author	Garth Nix
Abhorsen	author	Garth Nix
A Dynamical Theory of the Electromagnetic Field	author	James Clerk Maxwell
Right Ho, Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Totto-Chan: The Little Girl at the Window	author	Tetsuko Kuroyanagi
Green Darkness	author	Anya Seton
Lipstick Traces: A Secret History of the 20th Century	author	Greil Marcus
Nick.com	author	Nickelodeon (TV channel)
Stig of the Dump	author	Clive King
Garth Marenghi's Darkplace	author	Matthew Holness
Garth Marenghi's Darkplace	author	Richard Ayoade
The Rivan Codex	author	David Eddings
Terry Jones' Medieval Lives	author	Terry Jones
Life After God	author	Douglas Coupland
Demian	author	Hermann Hesse
Spycatcher	author	Peter Wright
The High Crusade	author	Poul Anderson
Exodus (novel)	author	Leon Uris
A Mixture of Frailties	author	Robertson Davies
The Rains Came	author	Louis Bromfield
The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge	author	Rainer Maria Rilke
Noble House	author	James Clavell
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue (musical)	author	Alan Jay Lerner
Hawaii (novel)	author	James A. Michener
1632 (novel)	author	Eric Flint
The Guardian (TV series)	author	David Hollander
The Guardian (TV series)	author	Jennifer M. Johnson
The Guardian (TV series)	author	Nick Santora
The Guardian (TV series)	author	Michael R. Perry
William in Trouble (story collection)	author	Richmal Crompton
Last Call (novel)	author	Tim Powers
Q (novel)	author	Luther Blissett (nom de plume)
Free as in Freedom: Richard Stallman's Crusade for Free Software	author	Sam Williams (American journalist)
Sherlock Holmes in the 22nd Century	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
New Spring	author	Robert Jordan
The Green Book	author	Muammar Gaddafi
On Liberty	author	John Stuart Mill
Torch Song Trilogy	author	Harvey Fierstein
The Birthday of the World	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Ruins of Adventure	author	Michael Breault
Ruins of Adventure	author	David Cook (game designer)
Ruins of Adventure	author	Jim Ward (game designer)
Ruins of Adventure	author	Steve Winter
Giles Goat-Boy	author	John Barth
The Intuitionist	author	Colson Whitehead
Le guide culinaire	author	Auguste Escoffier
Swami and Friends	author	R. K. Narayan
The English Teacher	author	R. K. Narayan
The Giving Tree	author	Shel Silverstein
Fanshawe (novel)	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
Rob Roy (novel)	author	Walter Scott
The House at Pooh Corner	author	A. A. Milne
Wonderful Town	author	Joseph Fields
Wonderful Town	author	Jerome Chodorov
Queen of Angels (novel)	author	Greg Bear
The Acid House	author	Irvine Welsh
The House Without a Key	author	Earl Derr Biggers
The Chinese Parrot	author	Earl Derr Biggers
Behind That Curtain	author	Earl Derr Biggers
The Black Camel	author	Earl Derr Biggers
Charlie Chan Carries On	author	Earl Derr Biggers
Keeper of the Keys	author	Earl Derr Biggers
The Street Lawyer	author	John Grisham
Obliquity (book)	author	John Kay (economist)
The Runaway Jury	author	John Grisham
Being and Time	author	Martin Heidegger
Histories (Herodotus)	author	Herodotus
Polgara the Sorceress	author	David Eddings
Look Around You	author	Robert Popper
Look Around You	author	Peter Serafinowicz
Ilium (novel)	author	Dan Simmons
Iron Council	author	China Miéville
Msnbc.com	author	NBCUniversal
Msnbc.com	author	Microsoft
Miss Lonelyhearts	author	Nathanael West
The Golden Ass	author	Apuleius
Once Were Warriors	author	Alan Duff
Not Only... But Also	author	Peter Cook
Not Only... But Also	author	Dudley Moore
The New American Poetry 1945–1960	author	Donald Allen
Raptor Red	author	Robert T. Bakker
Martin Chuzzlewit	author	Charles Dickens
Townies	author	Linwood Boomer
Townies	author	Matthew Carlson
Townies	author	Rob Hanning
Townies	author	Bruce Rasmussen
The Flying Saucers Are Real	author	Donald Keyhoe
The Dark Tower VI: Song of Susannah	author	Stephen King
Perdido Street Station	author	China Miéville
Tick, Tick... Boom!	author	Jonathan Larson
Tick, Tick... Boom!	author	David Auburn
The Fall of Hyperion	author	Dan Simmons
ANTLR	author	Terence Parr
Electra (Sophocles)	author	Sophocles
Skinny Dip (novel)	author	Carl Hiaasen
The Oxford Book of Twentieth Century English Verse	author	Philip Larkin
The Singularity Is Near	author	Ray Kurzweil
Liar's Poker	author	Michael Lewis (author)
Dragonsong	author	Anne McCaffrey
Postcards from the Edge	author	Carrie Fisher
The Chronoliths	author	Robert Charles Wilson
Black Comedy (play)	author	Peter Shaffer
High Rise	author	J. G. Ballard
Almost Like a Whale	author	Steve Jones (biologist)
ChuckleVision	author	Chuckle Brothers
The Little School	author	Alicia Partnoy
The Atrocity Exhibition	author	J. G. Ballard
Smiley's People	author	John le Carré
Alphabet of Thorn	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Tales from Watership Down	author	Richard Adams
The Sheltering Sky	author	Paul Bowles
Avenue Q	author	Jeff Whitty
And the Ass Saw the Angel	author	Nick Cave
The Power of One	author	Bryce Courtenay
The Open Society and Its Enemies	author	Karl Popper
Duet (TV series)	author	Michael Zinberg
Music for Chameleons	author	Truman Capote
The Bridges of Madison County	author	Robert James Waller
The Fantasticks	author	Tom Jones (writer)
A for Andromeda	author	Fred Hoyle
A for Andromeda	author	John Elliot (author)
Zuleika Dobson	author	Max Beerbohm
A Journey in Other Worlds	author	John Jacob Astor IV
Flatterland	author	Ian Stewart (mathematician)
To the Lighthouse	author	Virginia Woolf
Appointment in Samarra	author	John O'Hara
The Beiderbecke Affair	author	Alan Plater
Friday the Rabbi Slept Late	author	Harry Kemelman
The Famous Adventures of Mr. Magoo	author	Walter Evan Black Jr.
Birdman and the Galaxy Trio	author	Neal Barbera
Birdman and the Galaxy Trio	author	Phil Hahn
The Possessed (novel)	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Timescape	author	Gregory Benford
Chasing Vermeer	author	Blue Balliett
A Feast for Crows	author	George R. R. Martin
The Art of Computer Game Design	author	Chris Crawford %28game designer%29
Abarat	author	Clive Barker
Sophie's World	author	Jostein Gaarder
Doctor Syn: A Tale of the Romney Marsh	author	Russell Thorndike
Daily Kos	author	Markos Moulitsas
Teamo Supremo	author	Craig McCracken
Teamo Supremo	author	Rob Renzetti
Tom Corbett, Space Cadet	author	Tom Corbett, Space Cadet
The Commitments	author	Roddy Doyle
Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha	author	Roddy Doyle
Le Répertoire de la Cuisine	author	Th. Gringoire
Boy Meets Boy (musical)	author	Bill Solly
Boy Meets Boy (musical)	author	Donald Ward
Wonderful Life (book)	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Garfield and Friends	author	Mark Evanier
Garfield and Friends	author	Sharman DiVono
You Shall Know Our Velocity	author	Dave Eggers
The Sword of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
Summer of Night	author	Dan Simmons
City of Glass (Douglas Coupland book)	author	Douglas Coupland
The Elfstones of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
The Waves	author	Virginia Woolf
The Mysterious Island	author	Jules Verne
The Last Chronicle of Barset	author	Anthony Trollope
Emperor of America	author	Richard Condon
Nana (novel)	author	Émile Zola
The Happy Return	author	C. S. Forester
The Wishsong of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
First King of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
Time Stops for No Mouse	author	Michael Hoeye
Barnaby Rudge	author	Charles Dickens
The Old Curiosity Shop	author	Charles Dickens
Ancient Shores	author	Jack McDevitt
The Big Four (novel)	author	Agatha Christie
The Worm Ouroboros	author	Eric Rücker Eddison
All the Year Round	author	Charles Dickens
Muppets Tonight	author	Greg V. Fera
Muppets Tonight	author	Brian Henson
Muppets Tonight	author	Tom Trbovich
Muppets Tonight	author	Gary Halvorson
Rising Sun (novel)	author	Michael Crichton
Glory Season	author	David Brin
The Road to Serfdom	author	Friedrich Hayek
The Killer Angels	author	Michael Shaara
Systrace	author	Niels Provos
The Edge Chronicles	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
The Lathe of Heaven	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Picasa	author	Idealab
Rotten Tomatoes  The Rotten Tomatoes Show on Current   1	author	Ellen Fox
The Lost World (Conan Doyle novel)	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Alexander's Bridge	author	Willa Cather
The Cartoon History of the Universe	author	Larry Gonick
Petersburg (novel)	author	Andrei Bely
Raw Spirit	author	Iain Banks
Infobot	author	Kevin Lenzo
Hiroshima (book)	author	John Hersey
The Notebook of Trigorin	author	Tennessee Williams
The Life and Loves of a She-Devil	author	Fay Weldon
The King of Torts	author	John Grisham
Woman at Point Zero	author	Nawal El Saadawi
Notable American Women	author	Ben Marcus
U.S.A. trilogy	author	John Dos Passos
The Wings of the Dove	author	Henry James
The Ambassadors	author	Henry James
Tender Is the Night	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
The Good Soldier	author	Ford Madox Ford
The Golden Bowl	author	Henry James
Go Tell It on the Mountain (novel)	author	James Baldwin
The Secret Agent	author	Joseph Conrad
Kaioo	author	Thomas Kreye
Kaioo	author	Sony Music Entertainment
Royal Assassin	author	Robin Hobb
Assassin's Apprentice	author	Robin Hobb
Assassin's Quest	author	Robin Hobb
Hopscotch (Julio Cortázar novel)	author	Julio Cortázar
The Divine Invasion	author	Philip K. Dick
World Socialist Web Site	author	International Committee of the Fourth International
Wasp (novel)	author	Eric Frank Russell
A Void	author	Georges Perec
What's Happening Now!!	author	Eric Monte
The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay	author	Michael Chabon
Tik-Tok (novel)	author	John Thomas Sladek
Hard Times	author	Charles Dickens
Roderick (novel)	author	John Thomas Sladek
The Leopard	author	Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa
The Dalkey Archive	author	Brian O'Nolan
The Unbearable Lightness of Being	author	Milan Kundera
Wonder Boys	author	Michael Chabon
Options (novel)	author	Robert Sheckley
JEdit	author	Factor (programming language)
Guardian.co.uk	author	The Guardian
Children's Ward	author	Paul Abbott
Fear of Flying (novel)	author	Erica Jong
Linda Green	author	Danny Brocklehurst
Linda Green	author	Paul Abbott
That Peter Kay Thing	author	Neil Fitzmaurice
That Peter Kay Thing	author	Peter Kay
That Peter Kay Thing	author	Dave Spikey
The Eagle's Conquest	author	Simon Scarrow
Winter Kills	author	Richard Condon
Notes from Underground	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Now and Then (Joseph Heller book)	author	Joseph Heller
The Bear and the Dragon	author	Tom Clancy
The 158-Pound Marriage	author	John Irving
Wonkette	author	Gawker Media
Entertaining Mr Sloane	author	Joe Orton
Dilvish, the Damned	author	Roger Zelazny
Red Shift (novel)	author	Alan Garner
The Business (novel)	author	Iain Banks
Halo: The Fall of Reach	author	Eric Nylund
Halo: The Flood	author	William C. Dietz
Halo: First Strike	author	Eric Nylund
The Mahdi	author	A. J. Quinnell
Otherworld (TV series)	author	Roderick Taylor
Interactive Disassembler	author	Ilfak Guilfanov
Understanding Media: The Extensions of Man	author	Marshall McLuhan
Anarchy, State, and Utopia	author	Robert Nozick
Scoop (software)	author	Rusty Foster
Into Thin Air	author	Jon Krakauer
Tropic of Cancer (novel)	author	Henry Miller
Death Comes for the Archbishop	author	Willa Cather
Of Human Bondage	author	W. Somerset Maugham
A High Wind in Jamaica (novel)	author	Richard Hughes (writer)
A House for Mr Biswas	author	V. S. Naipaul
A Bend in the River	author	V. S. Naipaul
Scoop (novel)	author	Evelyn Waugh
Wide Sargasso Sea	author	Jean Rhys
Ragtime (novel)	author	E. L. Doctorow
Lord Jim	author	Joseph Conrad
The Journey of Ibn Fattouma	author	Naguib Mahfouz
Paper Dolls	author	Don Roos
How the Steel Was Tempered	author	Nikolai Ostrovsky
Last and First Men	author	Olaf Stapledon
Vril	author	Edward Bulwer-Lytton, 1st Baron Lytton
Power Rangers S.P.D.	author	Bruce Kalish
Power Rangers S.P.D.	author	Jackie Marchand
The Honourable Schoolboy	author	John le Carré
Timbuktu!	author	Luther Davis
The Ethical Slut	author	Dossie Easton
Up the Junction	author	Nell Dunn
The Canary Trainer	author	Nicholas Meyer
Camp Hyrule	author	Lithium Technologies
Snort (software)	author	Martin Roesch
The Dark Half	author	Stephen King
The Tale of Peter Rabbit	author	Beatrix Potter
Edge of Darkness	author	Troy Kennedy Martin
Programming Ruby	author	Dave Thomas (programmer)
Programming Ruby	author	Chad Fowler
Programming Ruby	author	Andy Hunt (author)
The Second Coming of Steve Jobs	author	Alan Deutschman
The Chamber (novel)	author	John Grisham
The Reality Dysfunction	author	Peter F. Hamilton
The Crystal World	author	J. G. Ballard
Concrete Island	author	J. G. Ballard
A Burnt-Out Case	author	Graham Greene
Dune: House Harkonnen	author	Brian Herbert
Dune: House Harkonnen	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Dune: House Corrino	author	Brian Herbert
Dune: House Corrino	author	Kevin J. Anderson
The Summons	author	John Grisham
Needful Things	author	Stephen King
The Stingray Shuffle	author	Tim Dorsey
Seeing Things (TV series)	author	Louis Del Grande
Portrait of Lozana: The Lusty Andalusian Woman	author	Francisco Delicado
La Celestina	author	Fernando de Rojas
Infinite Jest	author	David Foster Wallace
Lake Wobegon Days	author	Garrison Keillor
Quatermass (TV serial)	author	Nigel Kneale
Infinite in All Directions	author	Freeman Dyson
Waldo & Magic, Inc.	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Magic, Inc.	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Face the Music (TV series)	author	Joseph Cooper
Face the Music (TV series)	author	Walter Todds
Song of Norway	author	Milton Lazarus
Song of Norway	author	Homer Curran
Artemis Fowl (novel)	author	Eoin Colfer
Artemis Fowl: The Arctic Incident	author	Eoin Colfer
Kismet (musical)	author	Charles Lederer
Kismet (musical)	author	Luther Davis
Papillon (book)	author	Henri Charrière
Kate Vaiden	author	Reynolds Price
Long Vacation	author	Eriko Kitagawa
Norton Commander	author	John Socha
The Search (novel)	author	Naguib Mahfouz
The Ground Beneath Her Feet	author	Salman Rushdie
Al TV	author	"Weird Al" Yankovic
Rose Marie (operetta)	author	Otto Harbach
Rose Marie (operetta)	author	Oscar Hammerstein II
Roberta	author	Otto Harbach
Hayduke Lives	author	Edward Abbey
The House of God	author	Samuel Shem
When Worlds Collide	author	Philip Wylie
Love You Forever	author	Robert Munsch
Island of the Blue Dolphins	author	Scott O'Dell
Uncle Vanya	author	Anton Chekhov
Kiln People	author	David Brin
The Poisonwood Bible	author	Barbara Kingsolver
Angle of Repose (novel)	author	Wallace Stegner
Bel Ami	author	Guy de Maupassant
The House of Mirth	author	Edith Wharton
The Bachelor of Arts	author	R. K. Narayan
Hidden Hills	author	Bob Kushell
Hidden Hills	author	Peter Segal
Hidden Hills	author	Ric Swartzlander
Flora the Red Menace	author	George Abbott
Flora the Red Menace	author	Robert W. Russell
Flora the Red Menace	author	David Thompson
Lilith (novel)	author	George MacDonald
A Grief Observed	author	C. S. Lewis
The Charterhouse of Parma	author	Stendhal
In Search of the Castaways	author	Jules Verne
Lincoln (novel)	author	Gore Vidal
SSN (novel)	author	Tom Clancy
Triggerfish Twist	author	Tim Dorsey
Florida Roadkill	author	Tim Dorsey
The Passion of New Eve	author	Angela Carter
Drop the Beat	author	Noel S. Baker
Drop the Beat	author	Vance Chapman
Middlesex (novel)	author	Jeffrey Eugenides
The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas	author	Gertrude Stein
1982, Janine	author	Alasdair Gray
Firewall (Henning Mankell novel)	author	Henning Mankell
4.48 Psychosis	author	Sarah Kane
Odd John	author	Olaf Stapledon
Sirius (novel)	author	Olaf Stapledon
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time	author	Mark Haddon
Hospital Station	author	James White (author)
Applause (musical)	author	Betty Comden
Applause (musical)	author	Adolph Green
Call Me Madam	author	Howard Lindsay
Call Me Madam	author	Russel Crouse
The Dancing Years	author	Ivor Novello
The Beiderbecke Tapes	author	Alan Plater
The Beiderbecke Connection	author	Alan Plater
Zazie in the Metro	author	Raymond Queneau
Ella Enchanted	author	Gail Carson Levine
The Blue Flowers	author	Raymond Queneau
Naked (book)	author	David Sedaris
Me Talk Pretty One Day	author	David Sedaris
Zen in the Art of Archery	author	Eugen Herrigel
The Vampire Armand	author	Anne Rice
The Dharma Bums	author	Jack Kerouac
Even Cowgirls Get the Blues (novel)	author	Tom Robbins
The Bed-Sitting Room (play)	author	Spike Milligan
The Bed-Sitting Room (play)	author	John Antrobus
Den Haag (novel)	author	Ho Soo Kim
James and the Giant Peach	author	Roald Dahl
Kiss Kiss (book)	author	Roald Dahl
Sphere (novel)	author	Michael Crichton
Triton (novel)	author	Samuel R. Delany
Revelation Space	author	Alastair Reynolds
Chasm City	author	Alastair Reynolds
Diary (novel)	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Peyton Place (novel)	author	Grace Metalious
Berlin Alexanderplatz	author	Alfred Döblin
Only You Can Save Mankind	author	Terry Pratchett
Johnny and the Dead	author	Terry Pratchett
Heather Has Two Mommies	author	Lesléa Newman
Pippin (musical)	author	Roger O. Hirson
The Complete Psionics Handbook	author	Steve Winter
Going After Cacciato	author	Tim O'Brien (author)
Vice Versa (novel)	author	Thomas Anstey Guthrie
Wings (BBC TV series)	author	Barry Thomas (author)
Beyond Therapy	author	Christopher Durang
Memoirs of a Geisha	author	Arthur Golden
Human, All Too Human	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
The Antichrist (book)	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
Blindness (novel)	author	José Saramago
The Bat Man (novel)	author	Jo Nesbø
The Redbreast	author	Jo Nesbø
The Devil's Star	author	Jo Nesbø
The Bourne Supremacy	author	Robert Ludlum
Brewster's Millions	author	George Barr McCutcheon
City (novel)	author	Clifford D. Simak
O Clone	author	Glória Perez
Eats, Shoots & Leaves	author	Lynne Truss
Xiao Xiao	author	Zhu Zhiqiang
The Death of a President	author	William Manchester
The Wild Duck	author	Henrik Ibsen
On a Clear Day You Can See Forever	author	Alan Jay Lerner
Promises, Promises	author	Neil Simon
Cathy Come Home	author	Jeremy Sandford
The Code Book	author	Simon Singh
Hawksbill Station	author	Robert Silverberg
The Royal Book of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
Mist (novel)	author	Miguel de Unamuno
Yahoo! Movies	author	Yahoo!
The Other Side of Midnight	author	Sidney Sheldon
English As She Is Spoke	author	Pedro Carolino
Julia's Kitchen Wisdom	author	Julia Child
Julia's Kitchen Wisdom	author	David Nussbaum
The Casino	author	James Bruce
The Casino	author	Mark Burnett
The Casino	author	Robert Lieberman
Two Treatises of Government	author	John Locke
Slan	author	A. E. van Vogt
The Garden of Rama	author	Gentry Lee
The Garden of Rama	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Water-Method Man	author	John Irving
The Night of the Triffids	author	Simon Clark
The Subterraneans	author	Jack Kerouac
Tristessa	author	Jack Kerouac
The Woman Warrior	author	Maxine Hong Kingston
Sanditon	author	Jane Austen
Tales of the Riverbank	author	Dave Ellison
Tales of the Riverbank	author	Charles Fullman
Tales of the Riverbank	author	Paul Sutherland (TV producer)
Tales of the Riverbank	author	Cliff Braggins
Songs for a New World	author	Jason Robert Brown
The Last Five Years	author	Jason Robert Brown
Lady Susan	author	Jane Austen
Goodnight Mister Tom	author	Michelle Magorian
Fifty Million Frenchmen	author	Herbert Fields
Justine (Sade)	author	Marquis de Sade
Counterexamples in Topology	author	Lynn Steen
Counterexamples in Topology	author	J. Arthur Seebach, Jr.
The Godmakers (novel)	author	Frank Herbert
Market Forces	author	Richard Morgan (author)
California Suite	author	Neil Simon
Orlando: A Biography	author	Virginia Woolf
Hellstrom's Hive	author	Frank Herbert
Perchance to Dream (musical)	author	Ivor Novello
Charlie Girl	author	Hugh Williams
Charlie Girl	author	Margaret Vyner
Charlie Girl	author	Ray Cooney
Look to the Lilies	author	Leonard Spigelgass
Temptation Island (TV series)	author	Aliyah Silverstein
Temptation Island (TV series)	author	Brendan Wentworth
To Have and Have Not	author	Ernest Hemingway
Unfit for Command	author	John O'Neill (Vietnam veteran)
Unfit for Command	author	Jerome Corsi
Tuesdays with Morrie	author	Mitch Albom
Shardik	author	Richard Adams
Tin Woodman (novel)	author	David Bischoff
Tin Woodman (novel)	author	Dennis Russell Bailey
Answered Prayers: The Unfinished Novel	author	Truman Capote
Gods and Generals (novel)	author	Jeffrey Shaara
American Notes	author	Charles Dickens
Bright Promise	author	Larry Brody
'Tis	author	Frank McCourt
Patriot Games	author	Tom Clancy
Purlie	author	Ossie Davis
Purlie	author	Philip Rose (theatrical producer)
Purlie	author	Peter Udell
Changing Places	author	David Lodge (author)
Beneath the Wheel	author	Hermann Hesse
Small World: An Academic Romance	author	David Lodge (author)
Death's Domain	author	Terry Pratchett
Death's Domain	author	Stephen Briggs
A Lie of the Mind	author	Sam Shepard
The Botany of Desire	author	Michael Pollan
A Lost Lady	author	Willa Cather
No One Writes to the Colonel	author	Gabriel García Márquez
Nicholas Nickleby	author	Charles Dickens
Social.fm	author	Srivats Sampath
The Partner	author	John Grisham
Skipping Christmas	author	John Grisham
Going Straight	author	Ian La Frenais
Fevre Dream	author	George R. R. Martin
The Firm (novel)	author	John Grisham
A Fine Balance	author	Rohinton Mistry
Bloomers (TV series)	author	James Saunders (playwright)
Night Watch (Lukyanenko novel)	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
The Cobweb (novel)	author	Neal Stephenson
Interface (novel)	author	Neal Stephenson
Interface (novel)	author	George Jewsbury
Barnum (musical)	author	Mark Bramble
James at 15	author	Dan Wakefield
The Great Waltz	author	Moss Hart
The Great Waltz	author	A. M. Willner
The Great Waltz	author	Caswell Garth
The Great Waltz	author	Ernst Marischka
The Great Waltz	author	Heinz Reichert
The Boys from Syracuse	author	George Abbott
Under One Roof (1995 TV series)	author	Martha Williamson
Under One Roof (1993 TV series)	author	Shinji Nojima
Roma Sub Rosa	author	Steven Saylor
Stormqueen!	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Darkover Landfall	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Pompeii (novel)	author	Robert Harris (novelist)
Of Thee I Sing	author	George S. Kaufman
Of Thee I Sing	author	Morrie Ryskind
Do Re Mi (musical)	author	Garson Kanin
The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour	author	Sandy Krinski
The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour	author	Rob Reiner
A Light in the Attic	author	Shel Silverstein
110 in the Shade	author	N. Richard Nash
Adele (musical)	author	Paul Hervé
Afgar	author	Fred Thompson (writer)
CLISP	author	Bruno Haible
CLISP	author	Michael Stoll
Sally (musical)	author	Guy Bolton
Digital Fortress	author	Dan Brown
Hawkmistress!	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Brooklyn (musical)	author	Mark Schoenfeld
Brooklyn (musical)	author	Barri McPherson
The Basil Brush Show	author	Ged Allen
The Basil Brush Show	author	Danny Robins
Slow River	author	Nicola Griffith
The Complete Beatles Recording Sessions	author	Mark Lewisohn
The Simple Art of Murder	author	Raymond Chandler
The Blind Owl	author	Sadegh Hedayat
Artemis Fowl: The Opal Deception	author	Eoin Colfer
Prague (novel)	author	Arthur Phillips
Star of the Guardians	author	Margaret Weis
Star of the Guardians  King's Test   1	author	Margaret Weis
Star of the Guardians  King's Sacrifice   1	author	Margaret Weis
Star of the Guardians  Ghost Legion   1	author	Margaret Weis
Cloudstreet	author	Tim Winton
The Hollow	author	Agatha Christie
The Origins of Totalitarianism	author	Hannah Arendt
Knife of Dreams	author	Robert Jordan
Delicious (website)	author	Joshua Schachter
The Great Explosion	author	Eric Frank Russell
Over Sea, Under Stone	author	Susan Cooper
Dune: The Butlerian Jihad	author	Brian Herbert
Dune: The Butlerian Jihad	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Dancing at Lughnasa	author	Brian Friel
Supercar (TV series)	author	Gerry Anderson
Supercar (TV series)	author	Sylvia Anderson
Supercar (TV series)	author	Reg Hill
Supercar (TV series)	author	Martin Woodhouse
Rise to Rebellion	author	Jeffrey Shaara
Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger	author	Naruhisa Arakawa
Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger	author	Junki Takegami
Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger	author	Michiko Yokote
Lucifer's Hammer	author	Larry Niven
Earth Abides	author	George R. Stewart
Junie B. Jones	author	Barbara Park
Look Back in Anger	author	John Osborne
Dune: The Machine Crusade	author	Brian Herbert
Dune: The Machine Crusade	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Casanova's Chinese Restaurant	author	Anthony Powell
The Most Happy Fella	author	Frank Loesser
Walking Happy	author	Roger O. Hirson
Walking Happy	author	Ketti Frings
Eileen (musical)	author	Henry Blossom
Girl Crazy	author	Guy Bolton
Girl Crazy	author	John McGowan
Love on the Dole	author	Walter Greenwood
A Time of Changes	author	Robert Silverberg
Downward to the Earth	author	Robert Silverberg
The Ancestor's Tale	author	Richard Dawkins
In Death Ground	author	David Weber
The Shiva Option	author	David Weber
Moment in Peking	author	Lin Yutang
The Flying Circus of Physics	author	Jearl Walker
Space Patrol (1962 TV series)	author	Janey Scott
Biographical Dictionary of the Extreme Right Since 1890	author	Philip Rees
Holes (novel)	author	Louis Sachar
Panama Hattie	author	Herbert Fields
Panama Hattie	author	Buddy DeSylva
Getting Things Done	author	David Allen (author)
Blue Remembered Hills	author	Dennis Potter
The Boy from Oz	author	Nick Enright
The Boy from Oz	author	Martin Sherman
Spiral Zone	author	Michael Reaves
Spiral Zone	author	Steve Perry (author)
The Notebooks of Lazarus Long	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Alchymist's Cat	author	Robin Jarvis
The Enemy Papers	author	Barry B. Longyear
Sparse	author	Linus Torvalds
The Pillars of Creation	author	Terry Goodkind
Memoirs Found in a Bathtub	author	Stanisław Lem
Pursuit of the House-Boat	author	John Kendrick Bangs
Spamalot	author	Eric Idle
Pollyanna	author	Eleanor H. Porter
Nigger Heaven	author	Carl Van Vechten
All My Sons	author	Arthur Miller
The Trojan Women	author	Euripides
The Dragonbone Chair	author	Tad Williams
Dragonfly: NASA and the Crisis Aboard Mir	author	Bryan Burrough
The John Varley Reader	author	John Varley (author)
Magician (novel)	author	Raymond E. Feist
That Was Then	author	Ellie Herman
That Was Then	author	J. J. Philbin
That Was Then	author	Tom Spezialy
The Cruel Sea (novel)	author	Nicholas Monsarrat
Thesmophoriazusae	author	Aristophanes
Iphigenia in Aulis	author	Euripides
Woyzeck	author	Georg Büchner
CMU Common Lisp	author	Carnegie Mellon University
Iphigenia in Tauris	author	Euripides
Helen (play)	author	Euripides
The Carpet People	author	Terry Pratchett
The World Inside	author	Robert Silverberg
Iptables	author	Rusty Russell
The Uplift War	author	David Brin
Alcestis (play)	author	Euripides
The Female Man	author	Joanna Russ
Children of Gebelawi	author	Naguib Mahfouz
Electra (Euripides)	author	Euripides
Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils	author	Jin Yong
My Ishmael	author	Daniel Quinn
Ideas Have Consequences	author	Richard M. Weaver
Beggars in Spain	author	Nancy Kress
Cities of the Red Night	author	William S. Burroughs
Dune: The Battle of Corrin	author	Brian Herbert
Dune: The Battle of Corrin	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Dandelion Wine	author	Ray Bradbury
Jubilee (musical)	author	Moss Hart
The Chocolate War	author	Robert Cormier
SilverFin	author	Charlie Higson
Concepts of Modern Mathematics	author	Ian Stewart (mathematician)
Evolving the Alien	author	Jack Cohen (scientist)
Evolving the Alien	author	Ian Stewart (mathematician)
The House of Hunger	author	Dambudzo Marechera
What Do You Care What Other People Think?	author	Richard Feynman
The Marble Faun	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
The Polar Express	author	Chris Van Allsburg
Descartes' Error	author	Antonio Damasio
Bless Me, Ultima	author	Rudolfo Anaya
Full Frontal (TV series)	author	Sarah Fuller Flower Adams
Boing Boing	author	Mark Frauenfelder
Boing Boing	author	Cory Doctorow
Boing Boing	author	David Pescovitz
Boing Boing	author	Xeni Jardin
Titan (Stephen Baxter novel)	author	Stephen Baxter
Sugar Babies	author	Ralph G. Allen
Sugar Babies	author	Harry Rigby
The Gemini Contenders	author	Robert Ludlum
The Dune Encyclopedia	author	Willis E. McNelly
The Food of the Gods and How It Came to Earth	author	H. G. Wells
Noel's House Party	author	Noel Edmonds
George Passant	author	C. P. Snow
My Further Disillusionment in Russia	author	Emma Goldman
Under the Greenwood Tree	author	Thomas Hardy
Desperate Remedies	author	Thomas Hardy
A Pair of Blue Eyes	author	Thomas Hardy
The Return of the Native	author	Thomas Hardy
42nd Street (musical)	author	Michael Stewart (playwright)
42nd Street (musical)	author	Mark Bramble
Turtle Geometry	author	Hal Abelson
Turtle Geometry	author	Andrea diSessa
Where's Charley?	author	George Abbott
Wise Blood	author	Flannery O'Connor
The World of Suzie Wong	author	Richard Mason (novelist 1919–1997)
Riders of the Purple Sage	author	Zane Grey
Dragondrums	author	Anne McCaffrey
Virtual Light	author	William Gibson
Idoru	author	William Gibson
It's a Living (CBC TV series)	author	Julie Fleischer
Blackwood Farm	author	Anne Rice
The Partners	author	Laurence Marks (American writer)
Evil Under the Sun	author	Agatha Christie
Sorcerer's Apprentice (book)	author	Tahir Shah
The Fantastic Journey	author	D. C. Fontana
The Fantastic Journey	author	Leonard Katzman
The Fantastic Journey	author	Katharyn Powers
Catwalk (TV series)	author	Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens
Gay Divorce	author	Dwight Taylor (writer)
Gay Divorce	author	Kenneth Webb
Gay Divorce	author	Samuel Hoffenstein
Wikispecies	author	Species:User:Benedikt
Wikispecies	author	Jimmy Wales
BlueJ	author	Michael Kölling
The Neutronium Alchemist	author	Peter F. Hamilton
The Naked God	author	Peter F. Hamilton
Airframe (novel)	author	Michael Crichton
The Sneetches and Other Stories	author	Dr. Seuss
An Unusual Angle	author	Greg Egan
Evelina	author	Frances Burney
Sputnik Sweetheart	author	Haruki Murakami
Yahoo! Games	author	Yahoo!
Oroonoko	author	Aphra Behn
My Friend Flicka	author	Mary O'Hara (author)
A Planet Called Treason	author	Orson Scott Card
A Planet Called Treason    1	author	Orson Scott Card
The Guide	author	R. K. Narayan
Dance of the Vampires	author	Michael Kunze
Dance of the Vampires	author	Jim Steinman
Dance of the Vampires	author	David Ives
Dance of the Vampires	author	Miklós Tibor
The Soul of a New Machine	author	Tracy Kidder
Pompeii: The Last Day	author	Edward Canfor-Dumas
Listen Up! (TV series)	author	Dan Kopelman
Listen Up! (TV series)	author	Tony Kornheiser
Listen Up! (TV series)	author	David Litt
Listen Up! (TV series)	author	Jeff Martin (writer)
Omoo	author	Herman Melville
The Dean Martin Show	author	Arnie Kogen
The Dean Martin Show	author	Ed. Weinberger
She Loves Me	author	Joe Masteroff
Pride and Prejudice (1995 TV series)	author	Andrew Davies (writer)
The Last Hurrah	author	Edwin O'Connor
Six Characters in Search of an Author	author	Luigi Pirandello
Fireball XL5	author	Gerry Anderson
Fireball XL5	author	Alan Fennell
Fireball XL5	author	Anthony Marriott
Fireball XL5	author	Dennis Spooner
A Short History of Nearly Everything	author	Bill Bryson
The Plot Against America	author	Philip Roth
TeamSpeak	author	TeamSpeak Systems GmbH
Eden (novel)	author	Stanisław Lem
Hapgood	author	Tom Stoppard
Ringworld's Children	author	Larry Niven
Imajica	author	Clive Barker
The Frankenfood Myth	author	Henry I. Miller
Friday Night with Jonathan Ross	author	Jonathan Ross
Friday Night with Jonathan Ross	author	Shaun Pye
Grand Hotel (musical)	author	Luther Davis
The Motorcycle Diaries (book)	author	Che Guevara
Comanche Moon	author	Larry McMurtry
Tarzan of the Apes	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Zoot Suit (play)	author	Luis Valdez
The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower	author	Stephen King
The Andalite Chronicles	author	K. A. Applegate
Deception Point	author	Dan Brown
Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!	author	Richard Feynman
Love in the Time of Cholera	author	Gabriel García Márquez
Gai-Jin (novel)	author	James Clavell
Ammonite (novel)	author	Nicola Griffith
Rite of Passage	author	Alexei Panshin
Silk Stockings	author	George S. Kaufman
Silk Stockings	author	Leueen MacGrath
Silk Stockings	author	Abe Burrows
Phyllis (TV series)	author	Glen Charles
Phyllis (TV series)	author	Les Charles
Phyllis (TV series)	author	Stan Daniels
Phyllis (TV series)	author	Bob Ellison (screenwriter)
Phyllis (TV series)	author	David Lloyd (writer)
Phyllis (TV series)	author	Laurence Marks (American writer)
The Bloody Chamber	author	Angela Carter
The Dave Thomas Comedy Show	author	Michael Bayouth
The Dave Thomas Comedy Show	author	Anson Downes
I Yabba-Dabba Do!	author	Rich Fogel
I Yabba-Dabba Do!	author	Mark Seidenberg
First Among Equals (novel)	author	Jeffrey Archer
Octopussy and The Living Daylights	author	Ian Fleming
Thrilling Cities	author	Ian Fleming
Fungus the Bogeyman	author	Raymond Briggs
Up the Down Staircase	author	Bel Kaufman
De revolutionibus orbium coelestium	author	Nicolaus Copernicus
A Summons to Memphis	author	Peter Matthew Hillsman Taylor
Coma (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Sphinx (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Fever (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Godplayer (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Mindbend (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Farewell to Manzanar	author	Jeanne Wakatsuki Houston
Farewell to Manzanar	author	James D. Houston
The Fire Raisers (play)	author	Max Frisch
A Princess of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Sentimental Education	author	Gustave Flaubert
Faceless Killers	author	Henning Mankell
The Crooked Hinge	author	John Dickson Carr
He Who Whispers	author	John Dickson Carr
Blood Canticle	author	Anne Rice
My Mother the Car	author	Allan Burns
My Mother the Car	author	James L. Brooks
My Mother the Car	author	Chris Hayward
My Mother the Car	author	George Kirgo
My Mother the Car	author	Arnold Margolin
Much Obliged, Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Earthly Powers	author	Anthony Burgess
The Dreamers (novel series)	author	David Eddings
The Dreamers (novel series)  The Treasured One   1	author	David Eddings
The Dreamers (novel series)  Crystal Gorge   1	author	David Eddings
The Dreamers (novel series)  The Younger Gods   1	author	David Eddings
Club Buggery	author	John Doyle (comedian)
Club Buggery	author	Greig Pickhaver
Smile (musical)	author	Howard Ashman
A Greek–English Lexicon	author	Henry Liddell
A Greek–English Lexicon	author	Robert Scott (philologist)
A Greek–English Lexicon	author	Henry Stuart-Jones
Salad Fingers	author	David Firth
The Yellow Wallpaper	author	Charlotte Perkins Gilman
A Hero of Our Time	author	Mikhail Lermontov
Versed	author	Rae Armantrout
Shake Hands with the Devil (book)	author	Roméo Dallaire
A Man in Full	author	Tom Wolfe
The Blackwater Lightship	author	Colm Tóibín
Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell	author	Susanna Clarke
The Gutenberg Galaxy	author	Marshall McLuhan
Manual of the Planes	author	Jeff Grubb
Manual of the Planes    2	author	Richard Baker (game designer)
Manual of the Planes    2	author	John Rogers (writer)
Manual of the Planes    2	author	Robert J. Schwalb
Manual of the Planes    2	author	James Wyatt (game designer)
National Lampoon's Doon	author	Ellis Weiner
I Am the Cheese	author	Robert Cormier
The Last Defender of Camelot	author	Roger Zelazny
Frost & Fire	author	Roger Zelazny
Manna from Heaven	author	Roger Zelazny
Unicorn Variations	author	Roger Zelazny
My Name Is Legion (Zelazny stories)	author	Roger Zelazny
The Joy of Cooking	author	Irma S. Rombauer
Technorati	author	Dave Sifry
Carpathian Castle	author	Jules Verne
Wag the Dog: A Novel	author	Larry Beinhart
Trout Fishing in America	author	Richard Brautigan
He Died with a Felafel in His Hand	author	John Birmingham
Autumn Visits	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
Mental ray	author	Mental Images (firm)
Black Sun (Edward Abbey novel)	author	Edward Abbey
Kenya Mountain	author	E.A.T. Dutton
Two on a Tower	author	Thomas Hardy
Loot (play)	author	Joe Orton
Ein echter Wiener geht nicht unter	author	Ernst Hinterberger
The Making of the English Working Class	author	E. P. Thompson
The Third Policeman	author	Brian O'Nolan
Celebrity Deathmatch	author	Matt Harrigan
Celebrity Deathmatch	author	Tally Barr
Celebrity Deathmatch	author	Gavin Carpenter
The Black Book of Communism	author	Éditions Robert Laffont
The Black Book of Communism	author	Stéphane Courtois
The Black Book of Communism	author	Nicolas Werth
The Black Book of Communism	author	Jean-Louis Panné
The Black Book of Communism	author	Andrzej Paczkowski
The Black Book of Communism	author	Karel Bartosek
The Black Book of Communism	author	Jean-Louis Margolin
Under the Banner of Heaven	author	Jon Krakauer
He's a Lady	author	Thomas Campbell
He's a Lady	author	Bryan Hale
West of Eden	author	Harry Harrison
What's Bred in the Bone	author	Robertson Davies
On a Pale Horse	author	Piers Anthony
The Stars Shine Down	author	Sidney Sheldon
Dombey and Son	author	Charles Dickens
The Half Gallon Quarter Acre Pavlova Paradise	author	Austin Mitchell
My Dark Places (book)	author	James Ellroy
The Other Boleyn Girl	author	Philippa Gregory
The Forty Days of Musa Dagh	author	Franz Werfel
Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH	author	Robert C. O'Brien
Requiem for a Dream (novel)	author	Hubert Selby, Jr.
Vathek	author	William Thomas Beckford
On the Black Hill	author	Bruce Chatwin
N.Y.P.D.	author	Lonne Elder III
N.Y.P.D.	author	Arnold Perl
N.Y.P.D.	author	David Susskind
Travels with Charley: In Search of America	author	John Steinbeck
Imzadi	author	Peter David
Disco Bloodbath	author	James St. James
Apocalypso	author	Robert Rankin
Spring Snow	author	Yukio Mishima
Seduction of the Innocent	author	Fredric Wertham
Oh, What a Lovely War!	author	Joan Littlewood
Oh, What a Lovely War!	author	Theatre Workshop
The Modern Antiquarian	author	Julian Cope
Go Down, Moses	author	William Faulkner
The Sigma Protocol	author	Robert Ludlum
The Keepers of the House	author	Shirley Ann Grau
My Living Doll	author	Bill Kelsay
My Living Doll	author	Al Martin
My Living Doll	author	Russell Beggs
My Living Doll	author	Bernard Slade
Half Past Human	author	T. J. Bass
Atlantida (novel)	author	Pierre Benoît (novelist)
The Thanatos Syndrome	author	Walker Percy
Strandloper (novel)	author	Alan Garner
Kidsongs	author	Carol Rosenstein
The Road to Reality: A Complete Guide to the Laws of the Universe	author	Roger Penrose
Plantae Asiaticae Rariores	author	Nathaniel Wallich
The Mind of God	author	Paul Davies
The Canary Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
The Greene Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
The Bishop Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
The Scarab Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
The Kennel Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
The Kidnap Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
The Gracie Allen Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
The Winter Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
Orthodoxy (book)	author	G. K. Chesterton
Bouvard et Pécuchet	author	Gustave Flaubert
Advise and Consent	author	Allen Drury
The Concept of Mind	author	Gilbert Ryle
Clusty	author	Carnegie Mellon University
The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles	author	Julie Andrews
Encyclopædia Iranica	author	Ehsan Yarshater
Tribes of Redwall Otters	author	Brian Jacques
Blind Man's Bluff: The Untold Story of American Submarine Espionage	author	Sherry Sontag
Once a Thief (TV series)	author	Steven Barwin
Once a Thief (TV series)	author	Phil Bedard
'Art' (play)	author	Yasmina Reza
Early Doors	author	Craig Cash
Early Doors	author	Phil Mealey
The Royal Family (play)	author	George S. Kaufman
The Royal Family (play)	author	Edna Ferber
The Line of Beauty	author	Alan Hollinghurst
Gates of Paradise	author	V. C. Andrews
The Smoke Ring (novel)	author	Larry Niven
Stars in My Pocket Like Grains of Sand	author	Samuel R. Delany
Valley of the Squinting Windows	author	Brinsley MacNamara
Stone of Tears	author	Terry Goodkind
The Leopard's Spots	author	Thomas Dixon, Jr.
Raising Dad	author	Jonathan Katz
Raising Dad	author	B. J. Novak
A Wind in the Door	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Jumbo (musical)	author	Ben Hecht
Jumbo (musical)	author	Charles MacArthur
The Long Patrol	author	Brian Jacques
Netherland	author	Joseph O'Neill (born 1964)
Winter Sonata	author	Kim Yun Hee
Winter Sonata	author	Yun Eun Kyung
Blinking with Fists	author	Billy Corgan
The Big Time	author	Fritz Leiber
GNU Radio	author	GNU Project
The Four Loves	author	C. S. Lewis
The Last Juror	author	John Grisham
Harpist in the Wind	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Islandia (novel)	author	Austin Tappan Wright
Gardens of the Moon	author	Steven Erikson
The Megalithic European	author	Julian Cope
Malazan Book of the Fallen	author	Steven Erikson
Schismatrix	author	Bruce Sterling
Hating America: The New World Sport	author	John Gibson (political commentator)
The City of Ember	author	Jeanne DuPrau
The Mystery at Lilac Inn	author	Carolyn Keene
The Hollow Tree	author	Janet Lunn
Earthworks (novel)	author	Brian Aldiss
The Celestine Prophecy	author	James Redfield
The Abolition of Man	author	C. S. Lewis
The Locked Room	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
The Angel's Command	author	Brian Jacques
Castaways of the Flying Dutchman	author	Brian Jacques
The Ernie Kovacs Show	author	Louis M. Heyward
The Ernie Kovacs Show	author	Mike Marmer
City of Golden Shadow	author	Tad Williams
Thuvia, Maid of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Sisters (Lynne Cheney novel)	author	Lynne Cheney
Our Band Could Be Your Life	author	Michael Azerrad
The New Soldier	author	Vietnam Veterans Against the War
The New Soldier	author	John Kerry
Hey Nostradamus!	author	Douglas Coupland
Five Little Pigs	author	Agatha Christie
Seventh Son (novel)	author	Orson Scott Card
Rose Madder (novel)	author	Stephen King
Rupert of Hentzau	author	Anthony Hope
The Humane Interface	author	Jef Raskin
Tono-Bungay	author	H. G. Wells
The Evidence of Things Not Seen	author	James Baldwin
Eaters of the Dead	author	Michael Crichton
The Clan of the Cave Bear	author	Jean M. Auel
Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation	author	Ian Stevenson
The Ill-Made Knight	author	T. H. White
Boonville (novel)	author	Robert Mailer Anderson
Song of Solomon (novel)	author	Toni Morrison
A Dream Play	author	August Strindberg
Discipline and Punish	author	Michel Foucault
The Heart of Princess Osra	author	Anthony Hope
Roadside Picnic	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Drawn Together	author	Dave Jeser & Matt Silverstein
Drawn Together	author	Dave Jeser & Matt Silverstein
Shindig!	author	Jimmy O'Neill (disc jockey)
White Teeth	author	Zadie Smith
Children of Eden	author	John Caird (director)
My Uncle Oswald	author	Roald Dahl
Boy's Life (novel)	author	Robert R. McCammon
Red Dog (novel)	author	Louis de Bernières
The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins	author	Dr. Seuss
The Death Ship	author	B. Traven
The Twits	author	Roald Dahl
George's Marvellous Medicine	author	Roald Dahl
Esio Trot	author	Roald Dahl
The Vicar of Nibbleswicke	author	Roald Dahl
JasPer	author	Image Power
For Love of the Game	author	Michael Shaara
Cobra Trap	author	Peter O'Donnell
ArtistShare	author	Brian Camelio
The Lions of Al-Rassan	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
An Unsuitable Job for a Woman	author	P. D. James
Cloop	author	Rusty Russell
The Cunning Man	author	Robertson Davies
Scorpius (novel)	author	John Gardner (British writer)
The Amateur Marriage	author	Anne Tyler
Crabwalk	author	Günter Grass
Mossflower	author	Brian Jacques
Into the Wild	author	Jon Krakauer
Johnny Tremain	author	Esther Forbes
Lord Brocktree	author	Brian Jacques
Martin the Warrior	author	Brian Jacques
The True Believer	author	Eric Hoffer
Binary (novel)	author	Michael Crichton
Lords of Chaos (book)	author	Michael Moynihan (journalist)
Voyage from Yesteryear	author	James P. Hogan
The Children of Sanchez	author	Oscar Lewis
Mortal Engines	author	Philip Reeve
The Commanding Heights: The Battle for the World Economy	author	Daniel Yergin
The Commanding Heights: The Battle for the World Economy	author	Joseph Stanislaw
Eyeless in Gaza	author	Aldous Huxley
T.H.E. Cat	author	Harry Julian Fink
T.H.E. Cat	author	Herman Miller (writer)
T.H.E. Cat	author	Bernard C. Schoenfeld
Payasos en la lavadora	author	Álex de la Iglesia
Predator's Gold	author	Philip Reeve
The Piano Lesson	author	August Wilson
How Far Can You Go?	author	David Lodge (author)
Horton Hatches the Egg	author	Dr. Seuss
Moonseed (Stephen Baxter novel)	author	Stephen Baxter
Kamen Rider Ryuki	author	Yasuko Kobayashi
Kamen Rider Ryuki	author	Toshiki Inoue
The Sickness Unto Death	author	Søren Kierkegaard
InstallShield	author	Viresh Bhatia
InstallShield	author	Rick Harold
The Origins of Virtue	author	Matt Ridley
I Am Spock	author	Leonard Nimoy
People of the Black Mountains	author	Raymond Williams
A Game at Chess	author	Thomas Middleton
Odd Thomas (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Anne of Green Gables – The Musical	author	Don Harron
Dune: House Atreides	author	Brian Herbert
Dune: House Atreides	author	Kevin J. Anderson
A House-Boat on the Styx	author	John Kendrick Bangs
Emeka	author	Frederick Forsyth
Ficciones	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Ruff & Reddy Show	author	Joseph Barbera
Hannibal Rising	author	Thomas Harris
The Teeth of the Tiger	author	Tom Clancy
The Stupidest Angel	author	Christopher Moore (author)
Notes on a Scandal	author	Zoë Heller
Cycle of the Werewolf	author	Stephen King
Official History of Australia in the War of 1914–1918	author	Charles Bean
The Quick Draw McGraw Show	author	Warren Foster
The Quick Draw McGraw Show	author	Michael Maltese
The Quick Draw McGraw Show	author	Joseph Barbera
The Quick Draw McGraw Show	author	Dan Gordon
The Quick Draw McGraw Show	author	Charles Shows
The Age of Intelligent Machines	author	Ray Kurzweil
News from Nowhere	author	William Morris
Knight Templar (The Saint)	author	Leslie Charteris
The 10% Solution for a Healthy Life	author	Ray Kurzweil
The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Climbing Mount Improbable	author	Richard Dawkins
Black House (novel)	author	Stephen King
Black House (novel)	author	Peter Straub
Yerma	author	Federico García Lorca
Blood Wedding (play)	author	Federico García Lorca
The Public (play)	author	Federico García Lorca
The Source (novel)	author	James A. Michener
Cloudsplitter	author	Russell Banks
Monsignor Quixote	author	Graham Greene
The Ghost Writer	author	Philip Roth
Politics (novel)	author	Adam Thirlwell
Made in America (book)	author	Bill Bryson
Sociobiology: The New Synthesis	author	E. O. Wilson
The Phoenix and the Carpet	author	E. Nesbit
The Basic Eight	author	Daniel Handler
BRL-CAD	author	Mike Muuss
Autobiography of a Yogi	author	Paramahansa Yogananda
Rules of Play	author	Eric Zimmerman
Rules of Play	author	Katie Salen
Love Life (musical)	author	Alan Jay Lerner
Johnny Johnson (musical)	author	Paul Green (playwright)
Lady in the Dark	author	Moss Hart
Lone Pine (books)	author	Malcolm Saville
Not This August	author	Cyril M. Kornbluth
Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason	author	Helen Fielding
Tropic of Capricorn (novel)	author	Henry Miller
Clubhouse (TV series)	author	Daniel Cerone
Clubhouse (TV series)	author	Leonard Dick
Clubhouse (TV series)	author	Joseph Dougherty
Clubhouse (TV series)	author	Gavin O'Connor (director)
Grumbles from the Grave	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Jud Süß (Hauff novel)	author	Wilhelm Hauff
Windows Installer	author	Microsoft
Doctor Glas	author	Hjalmar Söderberg
Thompson shell	author	Ken Thompson
Direct Rendering Infrastructure	author	Precision Insight
Expect	author	Don Libes
A Dog of Flanders	author	Ouida
The General in His Labyrinth	author	Gabriel García Márquez
Birdsong (novel)	author	Sebastian Faulks
The Complete Fairy Tales of Hermann Hesse	author	Hermann Hesse
A Little Princess	author	Frances Hodgson Burnett
The Face on the Milk Carton	author	Caroline B. Cooney
True History of the Kelly Gang	author	Peter Carey (novelist)
The Race to Urga	author	John Guare
John Safran's Music Jamboree	author	John Safran
Night of January 16th	author	Ayn Rand
Little Tramp	author	David Pomeranz
Little Tramp	author	Steven David Horwich
White Noise (novel)	author	Don DeLillo
Tartuffe	author	Molière
The Man Who Japed	author	Philip K. Dick
The Grantville Gazette	author	Eric Flint
The Spire	author	William Golding
Warchild	author	Karin Lowachee
Lucky Wander Boy	author	D.B. Weiss
Five Patients	author	Michael Crichton
John Safran vs God	author	John Safran
John Safran vs God	author	Mark O'Toole
Snow Country	author	Yasunari Kawabata
The Valley of Fear	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Past Mortem	author	Ben Elton
And Quiet Flows the Don	author	Mikhail Sholokhov
Book of Imaginary Beings	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Black Cauldron (novel)	author	Lloyd Alexander
Norwegian Wood (novel)	author	Haruki Murakami
America (The Book)	author	Jon Stewart
America (The Book)	author	Ben Karlin
America (The Book)	author	David Javerbaum
America (The Book)	author	Samantha Bee
America (The Book)	author	Rich Blomquist
America (The Book)	author	Steve Bodow
America (The Book)	author	Tim Carvell
America (The Book)	author	Stephen Colbert
America (The Book)	author	Rob Corddry
America (The Book)	author	Eric Drysdale
America (The Book)	author	Ed Helms
America (The Book)	author	Chris Regan
America (The Book)	author	Brendan Hay
America (The Book)  America the Book Teacher's Edition: A Citizen's Gu  1	author	Jon Stewart
America (The Book)  America the Book Teacher's Edition: A Citizen's Gu  1	author	Ben Karlin
America (The Book)  America the Book Teacher's Edition: A Citizen's Gu  1	author	David Javerbaum
America (The Book)  America the Book Teacher's Edition: A Citizen's Gu  1	author	Samantha Bee
America (The Book)  America the Book Teacher's Edition: A Citizen's Gu  1	author	Rich Blomquist
America (The Book)  America the Book Teacher's Edition: A Citizen's Gu  1	author	Steve Bodow
America (The Book)  America the Book Teacher's Edition: A Citizen's Gu  1	author	Tim Carvell
America (The Book)  America the Book Teacher's Edition: A Citizen's Gu  1	author	Stephen Colbert
America (The Book)  America the Book Teacher's Edition: A Citizen's Gu  1	author	Rob Corddry
America (The Book)  America the Book Teacher's Edition: A Citizen's Gu  1	author	Eric Drysdale
America (The Book)  America the Book Teacher's Edition: A Citizen's Gu  1	author	Ed Helms
America (The Book)  America the Book Teacher's Edition: A Citizen's Gu  1	author	Chris Regan
America (The Book)  America the Book Teacher's Edition: A Citizen's Gu  1	author	Brendan Hay
Whirlwind (novel)	author	James Clavell
A Bag of Marbles	author	Joseph Joffo
The Magician (Maugham novel)	author	W. Somerset Maugham
A Pattern Language	author	Christopher Alexander
A Pattern Language	author	Sara Ishikawa
A Pattern Language	author	Murray Silverstein
Homo Ludens (book)	author	Johan Huizinga
Silas Marner	author	George Eliot
Garfield Goose and Friends	author	Frazier Thomas
Not a Penny More, Not a Penny Less	author	Jeffrey Archer
Don Juan Tenorio	author	José Zorrilla y Moral
Max and Paddy's Road to Nowhere	author	Peter Kay
Max and Paddy's Road to Nowhere	author	Paddy McGuinness (comedian)
Sphere (program)	author	Chad Austin (programmer)
FlashGet	author	Chinese Canadian
Open Motif	author	The Open Group
Alias Grace	author	Margaret Atwood
The Hipster Handbook	author	Robert Lanham
Akhenaten: Son of the Sun	author	Moyra Caldecott
First Love (novella)	author	Ivan Turgenev
Hatshepsut: Daughter of Amun	author	Moyra Caldecott
The Natural	author	Bernard Malamud
Story Time	author	Edward Bloor
A Patchwork Planet	author	Anne Tyler
The Circus of Dr. Lao	author	Charles G. Finney
The Amityville Horror	author	Jay Anson
On the Twentieth Century	author	Betty Comden
On the Twentieth Century	author	Adolph Green
Doubt: A Parable	author	John Patrick Shanley
City Lights (TV series)	author	Bob Black (comedy writer)
Boiling Points	author	Jonathan Blitt
Boiling Points	author	Ian Berger
Boiling Points	author	Adam Abernathy
The Electric Playground	author	Victor Lucas
The Electric Playground	author	Briana McIvor
The Electric Playground	author	Rob Koval
The Electric Playground	author	Jason Margolis
The Electric Playground	author	Shaun Hatton
Golden Years (TV series)	author	Stephen King
The Fist of God	author	Frederick Forsyth
Electoral-vote.com	author	Andrew S. Tanenbaum
Taltos (novel)	author	Anne Rice
Naked Empire	author	Terry Goodkind
The Pillars of the Earth	author	Ken Follett
Blood of the Fold	author	Terry Goodkind
Temple of the Winds	author	Terry Goodkind
Soul of the Fire	author	Terry Goodkind
Mack & Mabel	author	Michael Stewart (playwright)
The Professor (novel)	author	Charlotte Brontë
The House of the Spirits	author	Isabel Allende
La Cage aux Folles (musical)	author	Harvey Fierstein
Mirette on the High Wire	author	Emily Arnold McCully
The Five People You Meet in Heaven	author	Mitch Albom
On Intelligence	author	Jeff Hawkins
Phaic Tăn	author	Tom Gleisner
Phaic Tăn	author	Santo Cilauro
Phaic Tăn	author	Rob Sitch
Rescue Me (UK TV series)	author	David Nicholls (writer)
Everything and More (book)	author	David Foster Wallace
Shantaram (novel)	author	Gregory David Roberts
Hallmark Hall of Fame	author	Helene Hanff
Hallmark Hall of Fame	author	Gian Carlo Menotti
Roots: The Saga of an American Family	author	Alex Haley
Miguel Street	author	V. S. Naipaul
Blinky Bill	author	Dorothy Wall
A Marriage Proposal	author	Anton Chekhov
Loving (Henry Green novel)	author	Henry Green
King Rat (1962 novel)	author	James Clavell
King Rat (1998 novel)	author	China Miéville
To Your Scattered Bodies Go	author	Philip José Farmer
The Dark Design	author	Philip José Farmer
The Fabulous Riverboat	author	Philip José Farmer
The Guns of the South	author	Harry Turtledove
MovieTome    1	author	CNET
The Winter of Our Discontent	author	John Steinbeck
The Wind from Nowhere	author	J. G. Ballard
Le Grand Meaulnes	author	Alain-Fournier
Bear Island (novel)	author	Alistair MacLean
The Golden Gate (Vikram Seth novel)	author	Vikram Seth
Abramowitz and Stegun	author	Milton Abramowitz
Abramowitz and Stegun	author	Irene Stegun
Jay Jay the Jet Plane	author	John Semper
Jay Jay the Jet Plane	author	Eleanor Burian-Mohr
Big River (musical)	author	William Hauptman
The Smithsonian Institution (novel)	author	Gore Vidal
Superman: Last Son of Krypton	author	Elliot S. Maggin
Black Elk Speaks	author	John Neihardt
Enchantment (novel)	author	Orson Scott Card
Marriage à la mode (play)	author	John Dryden
Roadwork	author	Stephen King
Glamorama	author	Bret Easton Ellis
The October Country	author	Ray Bradbury
Pieces of Modesty	author	Peter O'Donnell
Springtime and Harvest	author	Upton Sinclair
La Galatea	author	Miguel de Cervantes
Objectivism: The Philosophy of Ayn Rand	author	Leonard Peikoff
Anandamath	author	Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay
The Railway Series	author	Wilbert Awdry
The Railway Series	author	Christopher Awdry
Pandora (novel)	author	Anne Rice
Terrahawks	author	Gerry Anderson
Terrahawks	author	Tony Barwick
Lest Darkness Fall	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Feminine Mystique	author	Betty Friedan
The Fantasies of Robert A. Heinlein	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Adventures of Champion (TV series)	author	Oliver Drake
The Adventures of Champion (TV series)	author	Paul Franklin (screenwriter)
The Adventures of Champion (TV series)	author	Eric Freiwald
The Adventures of Champion (TV series)	author	Paul Gangelin
The Adventures of Champion (TV series)	author	Orville H. Hampton
The Adventures of Champion (TV series)	author	Robert Schaefer
The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar and Six More	author	Roald Dahl
An Experiment with Time	author	John William Dunne
Canned Carrott	author	Paul Alexander
Canned Carrott	author	Jasper Carrott
Canned Carrott	author	Hugh Dennis
Canned Carrott	author	Steve Punt
The Pyramid (Kadare)	author	Ismail Kadare
The Golden Master	author	Walter B. Gibson
Judas, My Brother	author	Frank Yerby
Sab (novel)	author	Gertrudis Gómez de Avellaneda
Tales of the South Pacific	author	James A. Michener
The Flight of the Phoenix	author	Elleston Trevor
Life of Samuel Johnson	author	James Boswell
The Impressionable Jon Culshaw	author	Jon Culshaw
The Impressionable Jon Culshaw	author	Jon Holmes
The Impressionable Jon Culshaw	author	John Junkin
The Impressionable Jon Culshaw	author	Simon Blackwell
The Impressionable Jon Culshaw	author	Steve Punt
The Impressionable Jon Culshaw	author	Roger Drew
The Impressionable Jon Culshaw	author	Nick Wood
Hatchet (novel)	author	Gary Paulsen
El filibusterismo	author	Jos&#233; Rizal
Armor (novel)	author	John Steakley
The Skylark of Space	author	E. E. Smith
The Card	author	Arnold Bennett
GameSpy Arcade	author	GameSpy
The Brethren (novel)	author	John Grisham
Project G.e.e.K.e.R.	author	Doug Langdale
Where the Wild Things Are	author	Maurice Sendak
These Old Shades	author	Georgette Heyer
The Varieties of Religious Experience	author	William James
The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money, and Power	author	Daniel Yergin
Popcorn (play)	author	Ben Elton
Ripley Under Ground	author	Patricia Highsmith
Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave	author	Frederick Douglass
Babes in Toyland (operetta)	author	Glen MacDonough
Hellzapoppin (musical)	author	Chic Johnson
Hellzapoppin (musical)	author	Ole Olsen (comedian)
XORP	author	Mark Handley (computer scientist)
American Government (textbook)	author	James Q. Wilson
American Government (textbook)	author	John DiIulio
America Undercover	author	Mark C. Baldwin
Iron Sunrise	author	Charles Stross
The Terminal Man	author	Michael Crichton
The Wolf's Hour	author	Robert R. McCammon
Settling Accounts: Drive to the East	author	Harry Turtledove
Settling Accounts: Return Engagement	author	Harry Turtledove
The Skin of Our Teeth	author	Thornton Wilder
The Weapon Shops of Isher	author	A. E. van Vogt
Three Essays on the Theory of Sexuality	author	Sigmund Freud
Resistance, Rebellion, and Death	author	Albert Camus
Closer (play)	author	Patrick Marber
Wise Children	author	Angela Carter
Men into Space	author	Jerome Bixby
Men into Space	author	James Clavell
Men into Space	author	Meyer Dolinsky
Men into Space	author	David Duncan (writer)
Men into Space	author	Ib Melchior
Men into Space	author	Arthur Weiss
The Pioneers (novel)	author	James Fenimore Cooper
Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West	author	Gregory Maguire
The Wanderings of Oisin and Other Poems	author	W. B. Yeats
Hocus Pocus (novel)	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Deadeye Dick	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Dream Story	author	Arthur Schnitzler
Atom Ant	author	Tony Benedict
Atom Ant	author	Warren Foster
Kangxi Dynasty	author	Eryue He
The Compass Rose	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
A Short History of Pakistan	author	Ishtiaq Hussain Qureshi
Ars Amatoria	author	Ovid
Phèdre	author	Jean Racine
Fathers and Sons	author	Ivan Turgenev
Jack the Ripper: The Final Solution	author	Stephen Knight (author)
Zero Minus Ten	author	Raymond Benson
If He Hollers Let Him Go	author	Chester Himes
Kkusum	author	Bharvi Shah
Kkusum	author	Anil Nagpal
Kkusum	author	Mahesh Pandey
Mosses from an Old Manse	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
The Snow-Image, and Other Twice-Told Tales	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
The Fabric of the Cosmos	author	Brian Greene
Unlocking the Air and Other Stories	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
A Million Open Doors	author	John Barnes (author)
Letters on the English	author	Voltaire
Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship	author	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
James Bond: The Authorised Biography of 007	author	John Pearson (author)
Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus	author	Graham Chapman
Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus	author	John Cleese
Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus	author	Eric Idle
Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus	author	Terry Jones
Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus	author	Michael Palin
Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus	author	Terry Gilliam
Colonel Sun	author	Kingsley Amis
Colonel Sun	author	Robert Markham
Phantastes	author	George MacDonald
The Snake's Pass	author	Bram Stoker
A People's History of the United States	author	Howard Zinn
The Unknown Shore	author	Patrick O'Brian
Per Fine Ounce	author	Geoffrey Jenkins
A Month in the Country (novel)	author	J. L. Carr
Dinosaur Planet (novel)	author	Anne McCaffrey
The Way Things Work	author	David Macaulay
The Cradle Will Rock	author	Marc Blitzstein
Carson of Venus	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Flo	author	Dick Clair
Flo	author	Robert Getchell
Flo	author	James R. Stein
The Night Land	author	William Hope Hodgson
Oi Aparadektoi	author	Dimitra Papadopoulou
State of Fear	author	Michael Crichton
A Number	author	Caryl Churchill
Rushing to Paradise	author	J. G. Ballard
Blood of Elves	author	Andrzej Sapkowski
Rebecca (novel)	author	Daphne du Maurier
Once Upon a Mattress	author	Jay Thompson
Once Upon a Mattress	author	Marshall Barer
Once Upon a Mattress	author	Dean Fuller
Everyone Poops	author	Tarō Gomi
Religion Explained	author	Pascal Boyer
Faithful (book)	author	Stewart O'Nan
Faithful (book)	author	Stephen King
Stone of Farewell	author	Tad Williams
To Green Angel Tower	author	Tad Williams
Ragtime (musical)	author	Terrence McNally
The Diamond Smugglers	author	Ian Fleming
Daisy Miller	author	Henry James
The Best Christmas Pageant Ever	author	Barbara Robinson (author)
Prime Obsession	author	John Derbyshire
Idlewild (novel)	author	Nick Sagan
Beautiful Losers	author	Leonard Cohen
Hogg (novel)	author	Samuel R. Delany
Beatlemania (musical)	author	Bob Gill (artist)
Beatlemania (musical)	author	Lynda Obst
The Brothers Grunt	author	Dennis Heaton
The Brothers Grunt	author	Danny Antonucci
The Brothers Grunt	author	Rod Filbrandt
Oriental Adventures	author	Gary Gygax
Oriental Adventures	author	David Cook (game designer)
Oriental Adventures	author	François Marcela-Froideval
Oriental Adventures    1	author	James Wyatt (game designer)
OpenGL ES	author	Khronos Group
Sula (novel)	author	Toni Morrison
Beloved (novel)	author	Toni Morrison
How I Learned to Drive	author	Paula Vogel
King Leopold's Soliloquy	author	Mark Twain
Grail (web browser)	author	Guido van Rossum
The Peace War	author	Vernor Vinge
Marooned in Realtime	author	Vernor Vinge
Haroun and the Sea of Stories	author	Salman Rushdie
Ill Met by Moonlight	author	W. Stanley Moss
A Guide for the Perplexed	author	E. F. Schumacher
Licence Renewed	author	John Gardner (British writer)
For Special Services	author	John Gardner (British writer)
Harmonia Sacra	author	Joseph Funk
Icebreaker (novel)	author	John Gardner (British writer)
Role of Honour	author	John Gardner (British writer)
Nobody Lives for Ever	author	John Gardner (British writer)
No Deals, Mr. Bond	author	John Gardner (British writer)
On the Principles of Political Economy and Taxation	author	David Ricardo
Lenny Henry in Pieces	author	Matt Owen
Lenny Henry in Pieces	author	Martin Trenaman
Win, Lose or Die	author	John Gardner (British writer)
Brokenclaw	author	John Gardner (British writer)
The Man from Barbarossa	author	John Gardner (British writer)
Death Is Forever	author	John Gardner (British writer)
Never Send Flowers	author	John Gardner (British writer)
SeaFire	author	John Gardner (British writer)
COLD (novel)	author	John Gardner (British writer)
The Facts of Death	author	Raymond Benson
High Time to Kill	author	Raymond Benson
DoubleShot	author	Raymond Benson
Never Dream of Dying	author	Raymond Benson
The Man with the Red Tattoo	author	Raymond Benson
Facundo	author	Domingo Faustino Sarmiento
Download.com	author	CNET
The Silencers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Ambushers	author	Donald Hamilton
Crusade in Jeans	author	Thea Beckman
Miss Smilla's Feeling for Snow	author	Peter Høeg
The Innocents Abroad	author	Mark Twain
Roughing It	author	Mark Twain
Captain Stormfield's Visit to Heaven	author	Mark Twain
A View from the Bridge	author	Arthur Miller
Oxford Blood	author	Antonia Fraser
Ways of Seeing	author	John Berger
Ghost Dance (novel)	author	John Norman
Figures of Earth	author	James Branch Cabell
The Chimes	author	Charles Dickens
The Cricket on the Hearth	author	Charles Dickens
"A" Is for Alibi	author	Sue Grafton
Status Anxiety	author	Alain de Botton
Michael Strogoff	author	Jules Verne
Augie Doggie and Doggie Daddy	author	Michael Maltese
Thérèse Raquin	author	Émile Zola
Fortunes of War (novel series)	author	Olivia Manning
Voices (novel)	author	Arnaldur Indriðason
Bonjour Tristesse	author	Françoise Sagan
A Prison Diary	author	Jeffrey Archer
Dianetics: The Evolution of a Science	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Return to Peyton Place	author	Grace Metalious
Eastern Standard Tribe	author	Cory Doctorow
The Gold Bug Variations	author	Richard Powers
The Darkness Beckons	author	Martyn Farr
The Golem (novel)	author	Gustav Meyrink
The Wind from the Sun	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Other Side of the Sky	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Tales from the White Hart	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Timeline (novel)	author	Michael Crichton
Time in Advance	author	William Tenn
Danse Macabre (book)	author	Stephen King
Practical Demonkeeping	author	Christopher Moore (author)
The Return of the Condor Heroes	author	Jin Yong
Where the Red Fern Grows	author	Wilson Rawls
Bang the Drum Slowly	author	Mark Harris (author)
Tortilla Flat	author	John Steinbeck
So Long a Letter	author	Mariama Bâ
The American Crisis	author	Thomas Paine
Pan Tadeusz	author	Adam Mickiewicz
Racists	author	Kunal Basu
Ghostwritten	author	David Mitchell (author)
Runaway (book)	author	Alice Munro
The Dark Frontier	author	Eric Ambler
Arts & Letters Daily	author	Denis Dutton
When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops?	author	George Carlin
Endymion (Disraeli)	author	Benjamin Disraeli
Dutch Wikipedia	author	Dutch language
The Jewish War	author	Josephus
Bagombo Snuff Box	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Gift (Nabokov novel)	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Complete Savages	author	Donick Cary
Complete Savages	author	Andy Gordon
Complete Savages	author	Steven Molaro
Complete Savages	author	Brian Scully
Complete Savages	author	Mike Scully
Complete Savages	author	Julie Thacker
IFilm	author	Rodger Raderman
IFilm	author	Luke McDonough
IFilm	author	Kevin Wendle
Idiot Savants (game show)	author	Tom Cohen
Triss	author	Brian Jacques
Watch Your Mouth	author	Daniel Handler
The Conscience of a Conservative	author	Barry Goldwater
Bush's Brain: How Karl Rove Made George W. Bush Presidential	author	James C. Moore (American author)
Bush's Brain: How Karl Rove Made George W. Bush Presidential	author	Wayne Slater
What's the Matter with Kansas?	author	Thomas Frank
Real Time with Bill Maher	author	Bill Maher
Real Time with Bill Maher	author	Adam Felber
R Is for Rocket	author	Ray Bradbury
Something Wicked This Way Comes (novel)	author	Ray Bradbury
Dark Carnival (book)	author	Ray Bradbury
The Golden Apples of the Sun	author	Ray Bradbury
The Zoot Suit Murders	author	Thomas Sanchez
Your Body's Many Cries for Water	author	Fereydoon Batmanghelidj
Dweebs (TV series)	author	Bill Barol
Dweebs (TV series)	author	Eric Cohen
The Way of the Wiseguy	author	Joseph D. Pistone
The Secret at Shadow Ranch	author	Carolyn Keene
The Eyes of Heisenberg	author	Frank Herbert
Hollywood Babylon	author	Kenneth Anger
Families and How to Survive Them	author	John Cleese
Families and How to Survive Them	author	Robin Skynner
Source Code Control System	author	Marc J. Rochkind
Popcorn (novel)	author	Ben Elton
Doomsday Book (novel)	author	Connie Willis
Labyrinths	author	Jorge Luis Borges
This Sweet Sickness	author	Patricia Highsmith
The Green Brain	author	Frank Herbert
The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy & Other Stories	author	Tim Burton
Ain't Nobody's Business If You Do	author	Peter McWilliams
Land of the Sky	author	Christian Reid
A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again	author	David Foster Wallace
Fences (play)	author	August Wilson
By Jeeves	author	Andrew Lloyd Webber
By Jeeves	author	Alan Ayckbourn
The Bachelor Girl (novel)	author	Victor Margueritte
God Was Born in Exile	author	Vintilă Horia
The Taggerung	author	Brian Jacques
Marlfox	author	Brian Jacques
Mattimeo	author	Brian Jacques
A Night in the Lonesome October	author	Roger Zelazny
Mao II	author	Don DeLillo
Journey's End	author	R. C. Sherriff
Bands Reunited	author	Greg Heller
The Longest Day (book)	author	Cornelius Ryan
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ	author	Lew Wallace
CGI.pm	author	Lincoln Stein
All American Girl (novel)	author	Meg Cabot
The Great and Secret Show	author	Clive Barker
Everville	author	Clive Barker
The Thief of Always	author	Clive Barker
Weaveworld	author	Clive Barker
Popjustice	author	Peter Robinson (journalist)
Mariel of Redwall	author	Brian Jacques
Author, Author (novel)	author	David Lodge (author)
Máj	author	Karel Hynek Mácha
The Saint in New York	author	Leslie Charteris
Square Pegs	author	Anne Beatts
Square Pegs	author	Andy Borowitz
Square Pegs	author	Marjorie Gross
Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress	author	Dai Sijie
Emile: or, On Education	author	Jean-Jacques Rousseau
The Willing Flesh	author	Willi Heinrich
The Red and the Green	author	Iris Murdoch
The Pearls of Lutra	author	Brian Jacques
Back When We Were Grownups	author	Anne Tyler
Das falsche Buch	author	Paul Wühr
Code Aster	author	Électricité de France
G.B.H. (TV series)	author	Alan Bleasdale
Boy in Darkness	author	Mervyn Peake
Brimstone (novel)	author	Douglas Preston
Brimstone (novel)	author	Lincoln Child
Affirmative Action Around the World	author	Thomas Sowell
Notes from My Travels	author	Angelina Jolie
Ellen Foster	author	Kaye Gibbons
Gormenghast (novel)	author	Mervyn Peake
Titus Alone	author	Mervyn Peake
The Folding Star	author	Alan Hollinghurst
The Swimming Pool Library	author	Alan Hollinghurst
Tom Sawyer, Detective	author	Mark Twain
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn (novel)	author	Betty Smith
Beau Geste	author	P. C. Wren
Occult Chemistry (book)	author	Annie Besant
Occult Chemistry (book)	author	Charles Webster Leadbeater
Occult Chemistry (book)	author	Curuppumullage Jinarajadasa
Marat/Sade	author	Peter Weiss
The Green Years	author	A. J. Cronin
The Mysteries of Pittsburgh	author	Michael Chabon
The Big Sky (novel)	author	A. B. Guthrie, Jr.
The Reivers	author	William Faulkner
Windows for Pen Computing	author	Microsoft
The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas	author	Larry L. King
The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas	author	Peter Masterson
The Box of Delights	author	John Masefield
Backwards	author	Rob Grant
The Enigma of Arrival	author	V. S. Naipaul
James Bond and Moonraker	author	Christopher Wood (writer)
James Bond, The Spy Who Loved Me	author	Christopher Wood (writer)
The Liver Birds	author	Carla Lane
The Liver Birds	author	Myra Taylor
Orange Crush (novel)	author	Tim Dorsey
Mutation (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell (novel)	author	David Michaels
The Hot l Baltimore	author	Lanford Wilson
Saint Overboard	author	Leslie Charteris
An Essay Concerning Human Understanding	author	John Locke
The Secret of Red Gate Farm	author	Carolyn Keene
On Basilisk Station	author	David Weber
Honor Among Enemies	author	David Weber
The Short Victorious War	author	David Weber
Flag in Exile	author	David Weber
Cat's Eye (novel)	author	Margaret Atwood
Eberron Campaign Setting	author	Keith Baker (game designer)
Eberron Campaign Setting	author	Bill Slavicsek
Eberron Campaign Setting	author	James Wyatt (game designer)
The Honor of the Queen	author	David Weber
Leo Africanus (novel)	author	Amin Maalouf
I Married a Communist	author	Philip Roth
In America (novel)	author	Susan Sontag
I Sing the Body Electric (Bradbury)	author	Ray Bradbury
Field of Dishonor	author	David Weber
In Enemy Hands	author	David Weber
The Romantic Manifesto	author	Ayn Rand
Star Trek: Titan	author	Michael A. Martin
Star Trek: Titan	author	Andy Mangels
Star Trek: Titan	author	Geoffrey Thorne
Star Trek: Titan	author	James Swallow
Smallpox 2002	author	Simon Chinn
Ratner's Star	author	Don DeLillo
Fugitives and Refugees: A Walk in Portland, Oregon	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Echoes of Honor	author	David Weber
Ashes of Victory	author	David Weber
War of Honor	author	David Weber
The Cabinet of Curiosities	author	Lincoln Child
The Cabinet of Curiosities	author	Douglas Preston
Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed	author	Jared Diamond
Ralph 124C 41+	author	Hugo Gernsback
The Early Asimov	author	Isaac Asimov
Amsterdam (novel)	author	Ian McEwan
The Gilded Age: A Tale of Today	author	Mark Twain
The Gilded Age: A Tale of Today	author	Charles Dudley Warner
The Legend of the Condor Heroes	author	Jin Yong
The Aleph (short story collection)	author	Jorge Luis Borges
The Bulgari Connection	author	Fay Weldon
The Templar Revelation	author	Lynn Picknett
The Templar Revelation	author	Clive Prince
The Clue in the Diary	author	Carolyn Keene
Shaman's Crossing	author	Robin Hobb
Vampire$	author	John Steakley
Who Do You Think You Are? (book)	author	Alice Munro
A Kingdom of Dreams	author	Judith McNaught
The Naked Face	author	Sidney Sheldon
The Song of the Lark	author	Willa Cather
The Stone Diaries	author	Carol Shields
Ship of Magic	author	Robin Hobb
Elective Affinities	author	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
IWork	author	Apple Inc.
Ukrayinska Pravda	author	Georgiy Gongadze
Salamandastron	author	Brian Jacques
To Say Nothing of the Dog	author	Connie Willis
The Bean Trees	author	Barbara Kingsolver
Copenhagen (play)	author	Michael Frayn
More Than Honor	author	David Weber
More Than Honor	author	David Drake
More Than Honor	author	S. M. Stirling
Worlds of Honor	author	David Weber
Worlds of Honor	author	Linda Evans (author)
Worlds of Honor	author	Jane Lindskold
Worlds of Honor	author	Roland J. Green
Changer of Worlds	author	David Weber
Changer of Worlds	author	Eric Flint
The Service of the Sword	author	David Weber
The Service of the Sword	author	Jane Lindskold
The Service of the Sword	author	Timothy Zahn
The Service of the Sword	author	John Ringo
The Service of the Sword	author	John Ringo
The Service of the Sword	author	Eric Flint
Crown of Slaves	author	David Weber
The Shadow of Saganami	author	David Weber
Piece of Cake (novel)	author	Derek Robinson (novelist)
Hokey Wolf	author	Joseph Barbera
Hokey Wolf	author	Warren Foster
Hokey Wolf	author	Dan Gordon
Hokey Wolf	author	Michael Maltese
Hokey Wolf	author	Charles Shows
The Uncomfortable Dead	author	Paco Ignacio Taibo II
Flanimals	author	Ricky Gervais
Peep Show (TV series)	author	Jesse Armstrong
Peep Show (TV series)	author	Sam Bain
Peep Show (TV series)	author	Simon Blackwell
Trans-Atlantyk	author	Witold Gombrowicz
Borstal Boy	author	Brendan Behan
Tideland	author	Mitch Cullin
The Mediterranean Caper	author	Clive Cussler
Raft (novel)	author	Stephen Baxter
Radio Golf	author	August Wilson
Timelike Infinity	author	Stephen Baxter
Learning to Sing: Hearing the Music in Your Life	author	Clay Aiken
The Genesis Flood: The Biblical Record and Its Scientific Implications	author	John C. Whitcomb
The Genesis Flood: The Biblical Record and Its Scientific Implications	author	Henry M. Morris
The Kite Runner	author	Khaled Hosseini
Rage of Angels	author	Sidney Sheldon
The Sands of Time (Sheldon novel)	author	Sidney Sheldon
After Pilkington	author	Simon Gray
Players (1997 TV series)	author	Alan Cross (screenwriter)
Players (1997 TV series)	author	Clyde Phillips
Players (1997 TV series)	author	Tom Spezialy
The Matarese Circle	author	Robert Ludlum
Metahistory	author	Hayden White
Leader Dog	author	Nick Malis
Blink (book)	author	Malcolm Gladwell
Concluding	author	Henry Green
Camouflage (novel)	author	Joe Haldeman
Confessions (Jean-Jacques Rousseau)	author	Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Exit to Eden	author	Anne Rice
Playhouse 90	author	Rod Serling
Playhouse 90	author	Leslie Stevens
Playhouse 90	author	James P. Cavanagh
Playhouse 90	author	David Shaw
The Infernal Desire Machines of Doctor Hoffman	author	Angela Carter
My Ántonia	author	Willa Cather
The Jewel of Seven Stars	author	Bram Stoker
The Road to Gandolfo	author	Robert Ludlum
The Best of John Wyndham	author	John Wyndham
In Opposition	author	Dawn Ritchie
The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson	author	Lynn Ferguson
The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson	author	Craig Ferguson
Somebody Somewhere (book)	author	Donna Williams
The First Man in Rome (novel)	author	Colleen McCullough
Surprised by Joy	author	C. S. Lewis
Simulacron-3	author	Daniel F. Galouye
Rakkety Tam	author	Brian Jacques
Deadhouse Gates	author	Steven Erikson
Memories of Ice	author	Steven Erikson
House of Chains	author	Steven Erikson
Midnight Tides	author	Steven Erikson
Daughters of the Moon	author	Lynne Ewing
The Bonehunters	author	Steven Erikson
Toll the Hounds	author	Steven Erikson
Dust of Dreams	author	Steven Erikson
The Crippled God (novel)	author	Steven Erikson
The Darkness That Comes Before	author	R. Scott Bakker
The Poison Belt	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Return of Sherlock Holmes	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Colonel Bleep	author	Robert D. Buchanan
The Straight Dope	author	Cecil Adams
Bodily Harm (novel)	author	Margaret Atwood
Lady Oracle	author	Margaret Atwood
Life Before Man	author	Margaret Atwood
The Cult of Mac	author	Leander Kahney
The Good Shepherd (novel)	author	C. S. Forester
Let's Bowl	author	Ken Bradley
Let's Bowl	author	Danny Breen
By Way of Deception	author	Victor Ostrovsky
Darwin's Black Box	author	Michael Behe
One for the Morning Glory	author	John Barnes (author)
Stations of the Tide	author	Michael Swanwick
The Blank Slate	author	Steven Pinker
Death to the French	author	C. S. Forester
Dragonlance Adventures	author	Tracy Hickman
Greyhawk Adventures	author	Jim Ward (game designer)
Tom Sawyer Abroad	author	Mark Twain
War for the Oaks	author	Emma Bull
The Garden of Eden	author	Ernest Hemingway
Candide (operetta)	author	Lillian Hellman
Candide (operetta)	author	Hugh Wheeler
The Lady of the Camellias	author	Alexandre Dumas, fils
Marabou Stork Nightmares	author	Irvine Welsh
Lookwell	author	Conan O'Brien
Lookwell	author	Robert Smigel
Blasted	author	Sarah Kane
The Word for World Is Forest	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Darwinia (novel)	author	Robert Charles Wilson
Darwin on Trial	author	Phillip E. Johnson
Atlantis: The Antediluvian World	author	Ignatius L. Donnelly
Blood and Chocolate (novel)	author	Annette Curtis Klause
Whisky Galore (novel)	author	Compton Mackenzie
The Bourne Legacy	author	Robert Ludlum
The Bourne Legacy	author	Eric Van Lustbader
Journey to the East	author	Hermann Hesse
True West (play)	author	Sam Shepard
Orleans (TV series)	author	Toni Graphia
Orleans (TV series)	author	Pam Veasey
Orleans (TV series)	author	John Sacret Young
The Real Thing (play)	author	Tom Stoppard
Internet History Sourcebooks Project	author	Paul Halsall
Internet History Sourcebooks Project	author	Jerome Arkenberg
Narcissus and Goldmund	author	Hermann Hesse
Roger Ramjet	author	Gene Moss
Roger Ramjet	author	Jim Thurman
The Winds of War	author	Herman Wouk
Fantastic Voyage: Live Long Enough to Live Forever	author	Ray Kurzweil
The Secret Service	author	Tony Barwick
The Secret Service	author	The Secret Service#Episode list
Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World	author	Haruki Murakami
The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle	author	Haruki Murakami
Memories of My Melancholy Whores	author	Gabriel García Márquez
Maia (novel)	author	Richard Adams
Caravans (novel)	author	James A. Michener
Absolute Power (novel)	author	David Baldacci
The Original of Laura	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Shatterglass	author	Tamora Pierce
Nausea (novel)	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Abarat: Days of Magic, Nights of War	author	Clive Barker
Kidnapped (novel)	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Age of Reason (Sartre)	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Airport (novel)	author	Arthur Hailey
Bartlett's Familiar Quotations	author	John Bartlett (publisher)
One Touch of Venus	author	Ogden Nash
One Touch of Venus	author	S. J. Perelman
The Firebrand of Florence	author	Edwin Justus Mayer
The Firebrand of Florence	author	Ira Gershwin
Knickerbocker Holiday	author	Maxwell Anderson
Street Scene (play)	author	Elmer Rice
The Death of Ivan Ilyich	author	Leo Tolstoy
The 12.30 from Croydon	author	Freeman Wills Crofts
The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar	author	Edgar Allan Poe
A List Apart	author	Jeffrey Zeldman
Against the Fall of Night	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Jazz (novel)	author	Toni Morrison
Jitterbug Perfume	author	Tom Robbins
Fargo Rock City	author	Chuck Klosterman
Desert Solitaire	author	Edward Abbey
The Iceman Cometh	author	Eugene O'Neill
Gazeta.ru	author	Anton Nosik
Kitchen (novel)	author	Banana Yoshimoto
Death Wish	author	Brian Garfield
Peter Camenzind	author	Hermann Hesse
Extreme Makeover	author	Louis H. Gorfain
QEMU	author	Fabrice Bellard
Why Mosquitoes Buzz in People's Ears	author	Verna Aardema
The High King	author	Lloyd Alexander
The Diary of a Young Girl	author	Anne Frank
Gathering Blue	author	Lois Lowry
Messenger (novel)	author	Lois Lowry
Marimar (telenovela)	author	Carlos Romero
Marimar (telenovela)	author	Valeria Phillips
Cattanooga Cats	author	Neal Barbera
Cattanooga Cats	author	Larz Bourne
Veronika Decides to Die	author	Paulo Coelho
The Songlines	author	Bruce Chatwin
In Watermelon Sugar	author	Richard Brautigan
Kamen Rider 555	author	Toshiki Inoue
Kamen Rider Blade	author	Shō Aikawa (screenwriter)
Kamen Rider Blade	author	Shōji Imai
Kamen Rider Blade	author	Junichi Miyashita
Kamen Rider Blade	author	Toshiki Inoue
The Kraken Wakes	author	John Wyndham
Pictures from an Institution	author	Randall Jarrell
The Listerdale Mystery	author	Agatha Christie
Croquet Project	author	Alan Kay
Croquet Project	author	Julian Lombardi
Croquet Project	author	Mark P. McCahill
Croquet Project	author	David P. Reed
Croquet Project	author	David A. Smith (computer scientist)
Aristoi (novel)	author	Walter Jon Williams
The Prometheus Deception	author	Robert Ludlum
Loamhedge	author	Brian Jacques
The Castle of Iron	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Castle of Iron	author	Fletcher Pratt
Wall of Serpents	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Wall of Serpents	author	Fletcher Pratt
The Day of Forever	author	J. G. Ballard
Vermilion Sands	author	J. G. Ballard
Passport to Eternity	author	J. G. Ballard
Myths of the Near Future	author	J. G. Ballard
Leave It to Psmith	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Anne of Avonlea	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Anne of the Island	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Anne's House of Dreams	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Anne of Windy Poplars	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Anne of Ingleside	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
The Klingon Dictionary	author	Marc Okrand
We Were Soldiers Once… And Young	author	Lieutenant General
We Were Soldiers Once… And Young	author	Joseph L. Galloway
The Napoleon of Notting Hill	author	G. K. Chesterton
Chainfire	author	Terry Goodkind
Sons of the Dark	author	Lynne Ewing
Arsenic and Old Lace (play)	author	Joseph Kesselring
The Butter Battle Book	author	Dr. Seuss
Star Light, Star Bright (book)	author	Alfred Bester
Delphine	author	Germaine de Staël
Accidental Empires	author	Robert X. Cringely
Perfect Strangers (2001 TV series)	author	Stephen Poliakoff
Defenders of the Earth	author	Lee Falk
Defenders of the Earth	author	Alex Raymond
Defenders of the Earth	author	Allan Cole
You Can't Win (book)	author	Jack Black (author)
Nova (novel)	author	Samuel R. Delany
Cloud Nine (play)	author	Caryl Churchill
Gridlinked	author	Neal Asher
How to Win Friends and Influence People	author	Dale Carnegie
The Amber Room (novel)	author	Steve Berry (novelist)
The World at the End of Time	author	Frederik Pohl
The Stones Are Hatching	author	Geraldine McCaughrean
Devil's Cub	author	Georgette Heyer
Are You Dave Gorman?	author	Dave Gorman
Are You Dave Gorman?	author	Danny Wallace (humourist)
Secrets in the Fire	author	Henning Mankell
Chimes of Freedom: The Politics of Bob Dylan's Art	author	Mike Marqusee
The Burning World	author	J. G. Ballard
Eastern Approaches	author	Sir Fitzroy MacLean, 1st Baronet
A Game of Hide and Seek	author	Elizabeth Taylor (novelist)
Google Maps	author	Google
Interstellar Pig	author	William Sleator
The Green Futures of Tycho	author	William Sleator
Adrian Mole and the Weapons of Mass Destruction	author	Sue Townsend
Pat the Bunny	author	Dorothy Kunhardt
Make Way for Ducklings	author	Robert McCloskey
La Légende des siècles	author	Victor Hugo
Toilers of the Sea	author	Victor Hugo
Bug-Jargal	author	Victor Hugo
The Man Who Laughs	author	Victor Hugo
Ninety-Three	author	Victor Hugo
The Last Day of a Condemned Man	author	Victor Hugo
Along Came a Spider	author	James Patterson
Kamen Rider Agito	author	Toshiki Inoue
Kamen Rider Agito	author	Yasuko Kobayashi
Les Enfants Terribles	author	Jean Cocteau
The Alienist	author	Caleb Carr
Gender Trouble	author	Judith Butler
Zami: A New Spelling of My Name	author	Audre Lorde
Giovanni's Room	author	James Baldwin
Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit	author	Jeanette Winterson
Kamen Rider Hibiki	author	Shinji Ōishi
Kamen Rider Hibiki	author	Tsuyoshi Kida
Kamen Rider Hibiki	author	Toshiki Inoue
Kamen Rider Hibiki	author	Shōji Yonemura
Kamen Rider Kuuga	author	Naruhisa Arakawa
Kamen Rider Kuuga	author	Toshiki Inoue
Kamen Rider Kuuga	author	Kiyoshi Takenaka
The Coquette	author	Hannah Webster Foster
The Primal Urge	author	Brian Aldiss
Memoirs of a Spacewoman	author	Naomi Mitchison
Ten Men	author	Alexandra Gray
Venus on the Half-Shell	author	Philip José Farmer
The Secret of the Caves	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Big Revue	author	John Aylesworth
The Big Revue	author	Frank Peppiatt
Man of Two Worlds	author	Brian Herbert
Man of Two Worlds	author	Frank Herbert
Tower of Glass	author	Robert Silverberg
Strangers (Gardner Dozois novel)	author	Gardner Dozois
Callahan's Lady	author	Spider Robinson
Commitment Hour	author	James Alan Gardner
Cleo (TV series)	author	Johan Bogaeus
Cleo (TV series)	author	Michael Hjorth
Cyrano de Bergerac (play)	author	Edmond Rostand
Coyote Blue	author	Christopher Moore (author)
Hot Spot (musical)	author	Jack Weinstock
Hot Spot (musical)	author	Willie Gilbert
Fractured Flickers	author	Allan Burns
Fractured Flickers	author	Chris Hayward
Fractured Flickers	author	Bill Scott (voice actor)
Beggars Ride	author	Nancy Kress
Intelligent Design (book)	author	William A. Dembski
Age of Iron	author	J. M. Coetzee
The Broker	author	John Grisham
Right This Way	author	Marianne Brown Waters
Right This Way	author	Parke Levy
Right This Way	author	Alan Lipscott
Sphereland	author	Dionys Burger
Lieutenant Hornblower	author	C. S. Forester
Mr. Midshipman Hornblower	author	C. S. Forester
Hornblower and the Hotspur	author	C. S. Forester
Across the River and into the Trees	author	Ernest Hemingway
The Pigman	author	Paul Zindel
Engadget	author	Peter Rojas
Junkie (novel)	author	William S. Burroughs
Inkheart	author	Cornelia Funke
Death Is a Lonely Business	author	Ray Bradbury
Google Scholar	author	Google
Google Videos	author	Google
The Discworld Companion	author	Terry Pratchett
The Discworld Companion	author	Stephen Briggs
Racso and the Rats of NIMH	author	Jane Leslie Conly
Blackeyes	author	Dennis Potter
God and Man at Yale	author	William F. Buckley, Jr.
Sonar Kella	author	Satyajit Ray
Because of Winn-Dixie	author	Kate DiCamillo
The Princess and the Goblin	author	George MacDonald
Queen Zixi of Ix	author	L. Frank Baum
The Sand Child	author	Tahar Ben Jelloun
Superfolks	author	Robert Mayer (writer)
A Hole in Space	author	Larry Niven
The Counterfeit Man	author	Alan E. Nourse
Blood Meridian	author	Cormac McCarthy
All the Pretty Horses (novel)	author	Cormac McCarthy
The Patty Duke Show	author	Gary Abrams
The Patty Duke Show	author	William Asher
The Patty Duke Show	author	David Butler (director)
The Patty Duke Show	author	Sidney Sheldon
The Titan	author	Theodore Dreiser
The Orchard Keeper	author	Cormac McCarthy
In Desert and Wilderness	author	Henryk Sienkiewicz
My Inventions: The Autobiography of Nikola Tesla	author	Nikola Tesla
My Inventions: The Autobiography of Nikola Tesla	author	Ben Johnston
Kanyasulkam	author	Gurazada Apparao
Child of God	author	Cormac McCarthy
Suttree	author	Cormac McCarthy
The Crossing (novel)	author	Cormac McCarthy
Cities of the Plain	author	Cormac McCarthy
Ravelstein	author	Saul Bellow
The Giaour	author	Lord Byron
Parthiban Kanavu	author	Kalki Krishnamurthy
The Garden of the Finzi-Continis	author	Giorgio Bassani
Small World (novel)	author	Tabitha King
The Summer Tree	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
Trouble with Lichen	author	John Wyndham
Kitchen Confidential	author	Anthony Bourdain
The Outward Urge	author	John Wyndham
Absolute Beginners (novel)	author	Colin MacInnes
Heaven and Hell (essay)	author	Aldous Huxley
Cup of Gold	author	John Steinbeck
Q-Squared	author	Peter David
Cloud Atlas (novel)	author	David Mitchell (author)
Family Passions	author	Bruce Neckels
Family Passions	author	Thom Racina
S Is for Space	author	Ray Bradbury
Paladin of Souls	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Exercises in Style	author	Raymond Queneau
Adam Bede	author	George Eliot
Nuns and Soldiers	author	Iris Murdoch
Firewing	author	Kenneth Oppel
Living History	author	Hillary Rodham Clinton
Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Idiot and Other Observations	author	Al Franken
A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius	author	Dave Eggers
Willo the Wisp	author	Nick Spargo
Willo the Wisp	author	Bobby Spargo
The Living Corpse	author	Leo Tolstoy
The Very Hungry Caterpillar	author	Eric Carle
Invasion U.S.A. (1985 film)  Invasion U.S.A.   1	author	Jason Frost
Good to Great	author	James C. Collins
Terminal (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
The Memorial	author	Christopher Isherwood
Seize the Day (novel)	author	Saul Bellow
Summer Sisters	author	Judy Blume
Clutch Cargo	author	Clark Haas
End Zone	author	Don DeLillo
Independence Day (novel)	author	Richard Ford
Sylvester and the Magic Pebble	author	William Steig
Walt Disney: Hollywood's Dark Prince	author	Marc Eliot (author)
The Hype about Hydrogen	author	Joseph J. Romm
Yahoo! News	author	Yahoo!
The Lovely Bones	author	Alice Sebold
Expedition to Earth	author	Arthur C. Clarke
A Short, Sharp Shock	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
The Final Unfinished Voyage of Jack Aubrey	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman	author	Ernest J. Gaines
The Vortex (novel)	author	José Eustasio Rivera
Confessions of a Crap Artist	author	Philip K. Dick
Half a Sixpence	author	Beverley Cross
Join My Cult	author	Join My Cult
The Virginian (novel)	author	Owen Wister
Queer (novel)	author	William S. Burroughs
Lunar Park	author	Bret Easton Ellis
War and Remembrance	author	Herman Wouk
The Borrible Trilogy	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
The Shadow Over Innsmouth	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Lair of the White Worm	author	Bram Stoker
Untouched by Human Hands	author	Robert Sheckley
Time and Stars	author	Poul Anderson
View from a Height	author	Isaac Asimov
The Book and the Brotherhood	author	Iris Murdoch
Nightmare Alley	author	William Lindsay Gresham
The Deep Range	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Damnation Alley	author	Roger Zelazny
Curtain (novel)	author	Agatha Christie
Take Me Out (play)	author	Richard Greenberg
A Widow for One Year	author	John Irving
The Looking Glass War	author	John le Carré
Efuru	author	Flora Nwapa
Again, Dangerous Visions	author	Harlan Ellison
Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72	author	Hunter S. Thompson
Outcast of Redwall	author	Brian Jacques
Plaza Suite	author	Neil Simon
Love! Valour! Compassion!	author	Terrence McNally
Isle of the Dead (novel)	author	Roger Zelazny
Gawker	author	Doree Shafrir
The Secret Life of Plants	author	Peter Tompkins
The Secret Life of Plants	author	Christopher Bird
The Sands of Mars	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Simulacra and Simulation	author	Jean Baudrillard
Adaptation and Natural Selection	author	George C. Williams
In the Miso Soup	author	Ryū Murakami
69 (novel)	author	Ryū Murakami
The Executioner's Song	author	Norman Mailer
Black Rice	author	Anna Moï
The Armies of the Night	author	Norman Mailer
The Lady in the Lake	author	Raymond Chandler
Playback (novel)	author	Raymond Chandler
White Light (novel)	author	Rudy Rucker
The House of the Scorpion	author	Nancy Farmer
The Lake House (novel)	author	James Patterson
New Grub Street	author	George Gissing
The Crystal City	author	Orson Scott Card
Peace (play)	author	Aristophanes
The Chalk Garden	author	Enid Bagnold
The Aleph (short story)	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Mahou Sentai Magiranger	author	Jun Maekawa
Mahou Sentai Magiranger	author	Naruhisa Arakawa
Mahou Sentai Magiranger	author	Michiko Yokote
Mahou Sentai Magiranger	author	Akatsuki Yamatoya
Recovery from Cults	author	Michael Langone
The Children's Story	author	James Clavell
The Wall of the Sky, the Wall of the Eye	author	Jonathan Lethem
The Wish List	author	Eoin Colfer
The Supernaturalist	author	Eoin Colfer
Antigone (Anouilh)	author	Jean Anouilh
Frenchman's Creek (novel)	author	Daphne du Maurier
Tripod.com	author	Bo Peabody
Tripod.com	author	Dick Sabot
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants (novel)	author	Ann Brashares
Inside Dish	author	Stephen Crisman
Inside Dish	author	Ted Nelson
Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs	author	Curious George Brigade
Snapping: America's Epidemic of Sudden Personality Change	author	Flo Conway
Snapping: America's Epidemic of Sudden Personality Change	author	Jim Siegelman
Liberalism Is a Mental Disorder	author	Michael Savage (commentator)
Isidingo	author	Greig Coetzee
The Story of Tracy Beaker	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Of Pandas and People	author	Percival Davis
Of Pandas and People	author	Dean H. Kenyon
Of Pandas and People	author	William A. Dembski
Of Pandas and People	author	Jonathan Wells (intelligent design advocate)
Saturday (novel)	author	Ian McEwan
The Lost Years of Merlin	author	T. A. Barron
The Book of Laughter and Forgetting	author	Milan Kundera
The Joke (novel)	author	Milan Kundera
Come Blow Your Horn	author	Neil Simon
Pound Puppies	author	Tom Ruegger
The Twyborn Affair	author	Patrick White
Seijuu Sentai Gingaman	author	Yasuko Kobayashi
Seijuu Sentai Gingaman	author	Junki Takegami
Seijuu Sentai Gingaman	author	Naruhisa Arakawa
Seijuu Sentai Gingaman	author	Tsuyoshi Kida
Seijuu Sentai Gingaman	author	Tetsuo Okita
Seijuu Sentai Gingaman	author	Kei Murayama
A Pocketful of Rye	author	A. J. Cronin
The Republic (Plato)	author	Plato
Can You Feel Anything When I Do This?	author	Robert Sheckley
The Kentucky Cycle	author	Robert Schenkkan
Three Tall Women	author	Edward Albee
Lost in Yonkers	author	Neil Simon
The Young Man From Atlanta	author	Horton Foote
Harvey (play)	author	Mary Chase (playwright)
Bitten (novel)	author	Kelley Armstrong
The Glam Metal Detectives	author	Mark Caven
The Glam Metal Detectives	author	Peter Richardson (actor)
Evolution and the Theory of Games	author	John Maynard Smith
Freaked    1	author	Todd Strasser
The Major BBS	author	Tim Stryker
Kendermore	author	Mary Kirchoff
Ah, Wilderness!	author	Eugene O'Neill
Boy Meets Boy (novel)	author	David Levithan
The Rule of Four	author	Ian Caldwell
The Rule of Four	author	Dustin Thomason
Journey by Moonlight (novel)	author	Antal Szerb
Between a Rock and a Hard Place (book)	author	Aron Ralston
Donnybrook!	author	Robert E. McEnroe
Yahoo! Search	author	Yahoo!
Avatar: The Last Airbender	author	Michael Dante DiMartino
Avatar: The Last Airbender	author	Bryan Konietzko
Avatar: The Last Airbender	author	Nick Malis
Against Method	author	Paul Feyerabend
Archangel (Robert Harris novel)	author	Robert Harris (novelist)
The Ships of Earth	author	Orson Scott Card
The Town and the City	author	Jack Kerouac
How to Be Alone	author	Jonathan Franzen
Zathura	author	Chris Van Allsburg
The Marrow of Tradition	author	Charles W. Chesnutt
The Grass is Singing	author	Doris Lessing
The Terminal Beach	author	J. G. Ballard
The Sound of Waves	author	Yukio Mishima
Death and the King's Horseman	author	Wole Soyinka
At Bertram's Hotel	author	Agatha Christie
Charmed Life (novel)	author	Diana Wynne Jones
A Grain of Wheat	author	Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o
The Notting Hill Mystery	author	Pseudonym
The Camp of the Saints	author	Jean Raspail
Dreamgirls	author	Tom Eyen
A Home at the End of the World	author	Michael Cunningham
Kenilworth (novel)	author	Walter Scott
The Death Dealers	author	Isaac Asimov
Forbidden Broadway	author	Gerard Alessandrini
Anansi Boys	author	Neil Gaiman
Fluke, or, I Know Why the Winged Whale Sings	author	Christopher Moore (author)
The Fallon Blood	author	Robert Jordan
Floyd Collins (musical)	author	Adam Guettel
Saint Joan (play)	author	George Bernard Shaw
The Twenty-One Balloons	author	William Pène du Bois
Haunted (novel)	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Hell House (novel)	author	Richard Matheson
Radix (novel)	author	A. A. Attanasio
Are You Afraid of the Dark? (novel)	author	Sidney Sheldon
Books of Blood	author	Clive Barker
Mr. Munchausen	author	John Kendrick Bangs
The Minister's Wooing	author	Harriet Beecher Stowe
Anil's Ghost	author	Michael Ondaatje
Son of a Witch	author	Gregory Maguire
Tarantula (book)	author	Bob Dylan
Larry's Party	author	Carol Shields
Pudd'nhead Wilson	author	Mark Twain
Heart of a Dog	author	Mikhail Bulgakov
The Holcroft Covenant	author	Robert Ludlum
Ferdydurke	author	Witold Gombrowicz
The Power Broker	author	Robert Caro
It's a Good Life, If You Don't Weaken	author	Seth (cartoonist)
A Tiger for Malgudi	author	R. K. Narayan
Protector (novel)	author	Larry Niven
Contagion (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
K Street (TV series)	author	Henry Bean
FreeS/WAN	author	John Gilmore (activist)
2001: A Space Odyssey (novel)	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Peshawar Lancers	author	S. M. Stirling
Origins of the Fifth Amendment	author	Leonard Levy
The Edge of the Cloud	author	K. M. Peyton
Flambards in Summer	author	K. M. Peyton
David Starr, Space Ranger	author	Isaac Asimov
Dad's Nuke	author	Marc Laidlaw
Lucky Starr and the Big Sun of Mercury	author	Isaac Asimov
Lucky Starr and the Moons of Jupiter	author	Isaac Asimov
Lucky Starr and the Oceans of Venus	author	Isaac Asimov
Lucky Starr and the Rings of Saturn	author	Isaac Asimov
Lucky Starr and the Pirates of the Asteroids	author	Isaac Asimov
The Satanic Witch	author	Anton LaVey
Pelléas and Mélisande	author	Maurice Maeterlinck
A Taste of Honey	author	Shelagh Delaney
Suicide (Viktor Suvorov book)	author	Viktor Suvorov
Delta of Venus	author	Anaïs Nin
The Story of Ferdinand	author	Munro Leaf
Phantoms (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Master Humphrey's Clock	author	Charles Dickens
I Know You Got Soul (book)	author	Jeremy Clarkson
FlexWiki	author	David Ornstein
The Great Redwall Feast	author	Brian Jacques
Banglapedia	author	Sirajul Islam
Firefox (novel)	author	Craig Thomas (author)
A Swiftly Tilting Planet	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Hyperion (Simmons novel)	author	Dan Simmons
The Feeling Good Handbook	author	David D. Burns
Heir Apparent (novel)	author	Vivian Vande Velde
Penguin Island (novel)	author	Anatole France
The Secret History	author	Donna Tartt
The Little Friend	author	Donna Tartt
Jacob's Room	author	Virginia Woolf
Wicked (musical)	author	Winnie Holzman
The Family (novel)	author	Mario Puzo
Oh, Kay!	author	Guy Bolton
Oh, Kay!	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry	author	Mildred D. Taylor
Tailchaser's Song	author	Tad Williams
The Ascension Factor	author	Frank Herbert
The Ascension Factor	author	Bill Ransom
Not Before Time	author	John Brunner (novelist)
Hotel du Lac	author	Anita Brookner
The Outlaw of Torn	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Female Eunuch	author	Germaine Greer
The Apes of God	author	Wyndham Lewis
Yahoo! 360°	author	Yahoo!
Yahoo! 360°  Plus Vietnam   1	author	Yahoo!
Madhushala	author	Harivansh Rai Bachchan
Crime Story (TV series)	author	Chuck Adamson
Crime Story (TV series)	author	Gustave Reininger
Crime Story (TV series)	author	David J. Burke
Crime Story (TV series)	author	Gail Morgan Hickman
The Autobiography of Charles Darwin	author	Charles Darwin
The Autobiography of Charles Darwin	author	Francis Darwin
Jessamyn West (librarian)  librarian.net   1	author	Jessamyn West (writer)
The Dying Sun	author	Gary Blackwood
Help!... It's the Hair Bear Bunch!	author	Joel Kane
Help!... It's the Hair Bear Bunch!	author	Woody Kling
Help!... It's the Hair Bear Bunch!	author	Howard Morgenstern
Help!... It's the Hair Bear Bunch!	author	Joe Ruby
Help!... It's the Hair Bear Bunch!	author	Ken Spears
The Year of the Sex Olympics	author	Nigel Kneale
Metropolis (musical)	author	Dusty Hughes (playwright)
Murder at the ABA	author	Isaac Asimov
Der Richter und sein Henker	author	Friedrich Dürrenmatt
A Wish for Wings That Work	author	Berkeley Breathed
Way Station (novel)	author	Clifford D. Simak
Black Wind (Dirk Pitt novel)	author	Clive Cussler
Man's Place in Nature	author	Thomas Henry Huxley
The Pilgrim's Regress	author	C. S. Lewis
Women of Trachis	author	Sophocles
Never Let Me Go	author	Kazuo Ishiguro
A Day in the Death of Joe Egg	author	Peter Nichols
The Richleighs of Tantamount	author	Barbara Willard
The Moving Finger	author	Agatha Christie
Alien (software)	author	Joey Hess
Bleachers (novel)	author	John Grisham
The Testament	author	John Grisham
A Painted House	author	John Grisham
The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals	author	Charles Darwin
The Woman in Black	author	Susan Hill
RealClimate	author	Gavin Schmidt
RealClimate	author	Michael E. Mann
RealClimate	author	Raymond S. Bradley
RealClimate	author	Caspar Ammann
The Smiling, Proud Wanderer	author	Jin Yong
Love's Comedy	author	Henrik Ibsen
Ella Minnow Pea	author	Mark Dunn
Journey to the West (1986 TV series)	author	Wu Cheng'en
Surfacing (novel)	author	Margaret Atwood
The Mad Man	author	Samuel R. Delany
Geological Evidences of the Antiquity of Man	author	Charles Lyell
Pavane (novel)	author	Keith Roberts
Guerrillas (novel)	author	V. S. Naipaul
Perl Compatible Regular Expressions	author	Philip Hazel
Feed (Anderson novel)	author	Matthew Tobin Anderson
Seven Wonders of the Industrial World	author	Paul Bryers
Possession (novel)	author	A. S. Byatt
Sarah, Plain and Tall	author	Patricia MacLachlan
Ajax (Sophocles)	author	Sophocles
The Demolished Man	author	Alfred Bester
Bloglines	author	Mark Fletcher
Hammer's Slammers	author	David Drake
Yahoo! Maps	author	Yahoo!
A Case of Conscience	author	James Blish
ViewSheet	author	Mark Colton
The Motion of Light in Water	author	Samuel R. Delany
Blind Lake	author	Robert Charles Wilson
La Distinction	author	Pierre Bourdieu
The King Must Die	author	Mary Renault
A Yellow Raft in Blue Water	author	Michael Dorris
The Simpsons Uncensored Family Album	author	Matt Groening
Glider PRO	author	Casady & Greene
Out of This Furnace	author	Thomas Bell (novelist)
OkCupid	author	Christian Rudder
Ross O'Carroll-Kelly	author	Paul Howard (journalist)
Brunching Shuttlecocks	author	Lore Sjöberg
Brunching Shuttlecocks	author	Dave Neilsen
Inch High, Private Eye	author	Fred S. Fox
Inch High, Private Eye	author	David Harmon
Brief Interviews with Hideous Men	author	David Foster Wallace
One of the Guys	author	Robert Clark Young
The Mystery of the Blue Train	author	Agatha Christie
The Wisdom of Crowds	author	James Surowiecki
The Private Life of Chairman Mao	author	Li Zhisui
The Man in the Maze	author	Robert Silverberg
Mortal Fear (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Domestic Manners of the Americans	author	Frances Trollope
The Real Inspector Hound	author	Tom Stoppard
The Coast of Utopia	author	Tom Stoppard
The Complete Short Stories of Ernest Hemingway	author	Ernest Hemingway
The Angel of Darkness	author	Caleb Carr
King of the Khyber Rifles	author	Talbot Mundy
The Worlds of Robert A. Heinlein	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Songmaster	author	Orson Scott Card
Cabal (novella)	author	Clive Barker
The Short-Wave Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Priestess of Avalon	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Models Inc.	author	Kathryn Baker
Models Inc.	author	Susan Cridland Wick
Models Inc.	author	John Eisendrath
Models Inc.	author	Robert Guza, Jr.
Models Inc.	author	Jeff King
Models Inc.	author	Jim Kramer
Models Inc.	author	Charles Pratt, Jr.
Models Inc.	author	Jule Selbo
Models Inc.	author	Frank South
Lady of Avalon	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Lady of Avalon	author	Diana L. Paxson
Clarissa	author	Samuel Richardson
Remembering the Kanji	author	James Heisig
Remembering the Kanji  2   1	author	James Heisig
Remembering the Kanji  3   1	author	James Heisig
Remembering the Kanji  3   1	author	Tanya Sienko
My Name Is Asher Lev	author	Chaim Potok
The Forest House	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Godwhale	author	T. J. Bass
Dancing at the Edge of the World	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Fengshen Yanyi	author	Xu Zhonglin (Ming Dynasty)
Fallen Angels (Myers novel)	author	Walter Dean Myers
Crossing the Threshold of Hope	author	Pope John Paul II
Clotel	author	William Wells Brown
Nancy's Mysterious Letter	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue of the Velvet Mask	author	Carolyn Keene
The Medium Is the Massage	author	Marshall McLuhan
Acid2	author	Ian Hickson
Make Room! Make Room!	author	Harry Harrison
The Ragged Trousered Philanthropists	author	Robert Tressell
Generic Mapping Tools	author	Pål Wessel
SuperTed	author	Mike Young (producer)
SuperTed	author	Robin Lyons
The Face on the Cutting-Room Floor	author	Ernest Borneman
The Great Monkey Trial	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Just the Ten of Us	author	Kate Boutilier
Just the Ten of Us	author	Steve Marshall
Just the Ten of Us	author	Tim O'Donnell (director)
Just the Ten of Us	author	Brad Slaight
Country of the Blind	author	Christopher Brookmyre
Something's Afoot	author	David Vos
Something's Afoot	author	Robert Gerlach
The Songs of the Kings	author	Barry Unsworth
The Comedy Company	author	Rob Caldwell
The Comedy Company	author	Mary-Anne Fahey
The Confessions of Nat Turner	author	William Styron
Only When I Laugh (TV series)	author	Eric Chappell
Gertrud (novel)	author	Hermann Hesse
Another Country (novel)	author	James Baldwin
Another Country (play)	author	Julian Mitchell
Humboldt's Gift	author	Saul Bellow
DavisWiki	author	Davis, California
The Book of the Damned	author	Charles Fort
Lo!	author	Charles Fort
Celebration (musical)	author	Tom Jones (writer)
The Damage Done	author	Warren Fellows
The New Odd Couple	author	Lowell Ganz
The New Odd Couple	author	Mark Rothman
The New Odd Couple	author	Millee Taggart
Pigs in Heaven	author	Barbara Kingsolver
New Atlantis	author	Francis Bacon
Good-bye, Chunky Rice	author	Craig Thompson
Guenevere, Queen of the Summer Country	author	Rosalind Miles
Elvis (text editor)	author	Steve Kirkendall
Fear and Trembling (novel)	author	Amélie Nothomb
Malice Aforethought	author	Anthony Berkeley Cox
The Iron Man (novel)	author	Ted Hughes
Antarctica (novel)	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Kafka on the Shore	author	Haruki Murakami
A Perfect Spy	author	John le Carré
Dragon Prince	author	Melanie Rawn
Git (software)	author	Linus Torvalds
Tandia	author	Bryce Courtenay
City of Angels (musical)	author	Larry Gelbart
Out of the Dark (1995 novel)	author	Welwyn Wilton Katz
Legend (novel)	author	David Gemmell
A Death in the Family	author	James Agee
Kane and Abel (novel)	author	Jeffrey Archer
Contest (novel)	author	Matthew Reilly
Sabrina Fair	author	Samuel A. Taylor
Mathias Sandorf	author	Jules Verne
Shop Talk	author	Philip Roth
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close	author	Jonathan Safran Foer
Our Lady of the Flowers	author	Jean Genet
Everything Is Illuminated	author	Jonathan Safran Foer
The Hot Zone	author	Richard Preston
Islands in the Net	author	Bruce Sterling
Forty Signs of Rain	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Coming Through Slaughter	author	Michael Ondaatje
L'Illusion Comique	author	Pierre Corneille
Z for Zachariah	author	Robert C. O'Brien
The Mysterious Mr. Quin	author	Agatha Christie
Green Mansions	author	William Henry Hudson
Blade Runner 4: Eye and Talon	author	K. W. Jeter
Resident Evil (video game)  The Umbrella Conspiracy   1	author	S. D. Perry
Machinal	author	Sophie Treadwell
Mr Standfast	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
Limes inferior	author	Janusz Zajdel
The Commodore	author	C. S. Forester
Lord Hornblower	author	C. S. Forester
The Thirteen Gun Salute	author	Patrick O'Brian
Syntactic Structures	author	Noam Chomsky
The Book of Daniel (novel)	author	E. L. Doctorow
Nectar in a Sieve	author	Kamala Markandaya
Last Exit to Brooklyn	author	Hubert Selby, Jr.
Stephen Hero	author	James Joyce
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street (musical)	author	Hugh Wheeler
After Miss Julie	author	Patrick Marber
A Lesson Before Dying	author	Ernest J. Gaines
Runaway Horses	author	Yukio Mishima
Coalescent	author	Stephen Baxter
Resident Evil Code: Veronica  Code: Veronica   1	author	S. D. Perry
Jack Faust (novel)	author	Michael Swanwick
Hall's Pictorial Weekly	author	Frank Hall
King Arthur & the Knights of Justice	author	Jean Chalopin
Number the Stars	author	Lois Lowry
Night on the Galactic Railroad	author	Kenji Miyazawa
Cosmopolis	author	Don DeLillo
The Encyclopedia of Fantasy	author	John Clute
The Encyclopedia of Fantasy	author	John Grant (author)
The Computer That Said Steal Me	author	Elizabeth Levy
Bolek and Lolek	author	Władysław Nehrebecki
The Duplicate	author	William Sleator
Free Air	author	Sinclair Lewis
Political Liberalism	author	John Rawls
The Great Shark Hunt	author	Hunter S. Thompson
Solomon Gursky Was Here	author	Mordecai Richler
Paul Clifford	author	Edward Bulwer-Lytton, 1st Baron Lytton
Scarecrow (novel)	author	Matthew Reilly
Anvil of Stars	author	Greg Bear
The Drowned World	author	J. G. Ballard
A Reader's Manifesto	author	Brian Reynolds Myers
Berlin Diary	author	William L. Shirer
The Gods of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Warlord of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation	author	Robert Chambers (publisher born 1802)
The Fifty Worst Films of All Time	author	Harry Medved
The Fifty Worst Films of All Time	author	Randy Dreyfuss
The Fifty Worst Films of All Time	author	Michael Medved
The Paul Hogan Show	author	Bill Harding
The Paul Hogan Show	author	Paul Hogan
The Paul Hogan Show	author	John Cornell
Rainbow Valley	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Zen at War	author	Brian Daizen Victoria
Slander: Liberal Lies About the American Right	author	Ann Coulter
The Harvey Girls (novel)	author	Samuel Hopkins Adams
Dialectic of Enlightenment	author	Max Horkheimer
Dialectic of Enlightenment	author	Theodor W. Adorno
Berenice (play)	author	Jean Racine
In the Belly of the Beast	author	Jack Abbott
The Artemis Fowl Files	author	Eoin Colfer
Damage Control (TV series)	author	Trent Haaga
Launchd	author	Apple Inc.
The Bluest Eye	author	Toni Morrison
The Caroline Rhea Show	author	Cathy Ladman
The Caroline Rhea Show	author	Joe Toplyn
The Valley of Horses	author	Jean M. Auel
Tiger Eyes	author	Judy Blume
Knowledge of Angels	author	Jill Paton Walsh
The Mammoth Hunters	author	Jean M. Auel
What the Butler Saw (play)	author	Joe Orton
Eine Billion Dollar	author	Andreas Eschbach
Intermere	author	William Alexander Taylor
Mister God, This Is Anna	author	Sydney George Hopkins
Identity (novel)	author	Milan Kundera
The Plains of Passage	author	Jean M. Auel
The Shelters of Stone	author	Jean M. Auel
Three Uses of the Knife	author	David Mamet
Woken Furies	author	Richard Morgan (author)
Escape from Kathmandu	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Marie Christine	author	Michael John LaChiusa
The Long Journey	author	Johannes Vilhelm Jensen
The Great Train Robbery (novel)	author	Michael Crichton
Electronic Life	author	Michael Crichton
Budgie the Little Helicopter	author	Brian Trueman
Random Hearts (novel)	author	Warren Adler
The Smothers Brothers Show	author	Arnold Margolin
The Smothers Brothers Show	author	Allan Burns
The Smothers Brothers Show	author	Chris Hayward
Sweet Smell of Success (musical)	author	John Guare
CollegeHumor	author	Ricky Van Veen
The Unadulterated Cat	author	Terry Pratchett
Hoard memory allocator	author	Emery Berger
And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street	author	Dr. Seuss
American Gothic (TV series)	author	Victor Bumbalo
American Gothic (TV series)	author	Mitchell Burgess
American Gothic (TV series)	author	Shaun Cassidy
American Gothic (TV series)	author	John Cork
American Gothic (TV series)	author	Stephen Gaghan
American Gothic (TV series)	author	Steve De Jarnatt
American Gothic (TV series)	author	Judi Ann Mason
American Gothic (TV series)	author	Michael R. Perry
The Heidi Chronicles	author	Wendy Wasserstein
Shampoo Planet	author	Douglas Coupland
Notes from a Big Country	author	Bill Bryson
An American Dream	author	Norman Mailer
The Family from One End Street	author	Eve Garnett
A Midsummer Night's Gene	author	Andrew Harman
The Savage Nation (book)	author	Michael Savage (commentator)
The Adventure of the Christmas Pudding	author	Agatha Christie
Sleeping Dogs (novel)	author	Sonya Hartnett
Of a Boy	author	Sonya Hartnett
Cold Sassy Tree	author	Olive Ann Burns
Voyage in the Dark	author	Jean Rhys
The Story of Doctor Dolittle	author	Hugh Lofting
Absolute Friends	author	John le Carré
BitTorrent (software)	author	Bram Cohen
Shiloh (novel)	author	Phyllis Reynolds Naylor
Washington's Crossing (book)	author	David Hackett Fischer
We All Fall Down (Robert Cormier novel)	author	Robert Cormier
The Glass Lake	author	Maeve Binchy
Sharpe's Regiment (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle	author	Hugh Lofting
Consider the Lobster	author	David Foster Wallace
Among the Hidden	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Moon Tiger	author	Penelope Lively
The Return of the Condor Heroes (Singaporean TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Coins in the Fountain (novel)	author	John H. Secondari
Snow Falling on Cedars	author	David Guterson
Rocket Boys	author	Homer Hickam
LightScribe	author	Daryl Anderson (engineer)
A Pale View of Hills	author	Kazuo Ishiguro
La Turista	author	Sam Shepard
Chalk (TV series)	author	Steven Moffat
Five Women Wearing the Same Dress	author	Alan Ball
The Elephant Vanishes	author	Haruki Murakami
Girls in Love	author	Diane Whitley
Girls in Love	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Showdown (Flynn novel)	author	Errol Flynn
Doctor Dolittle's Zoo	author	Hugh Lofting
Doctor Dolittle's Garden	author	Hugh Lofting
Doctor Dolittle in the Moon	author	Hugh Lofting
The Good War	author	Studs Terkel
Better Than Life	author	Rob Grant
The Moving Target	author	Ross Macdonald
Exiles (play)	author	James Joyce
Wings of Fire	author	A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
The Tao of Programming	author	Geoffrey James
Nobody's Buddy	author	John A. Moroso
The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber	author	Jin Yong
The Well of Loneliness	author	Radclyffe Hall
Dead Man's Folly	author	Agatha Christie
Doctor Dolittle's Return	author	Hugh Lofting
Doctor Dolittle and the Secret Lake	author	Hugh Lofting
Arrows of the Queen	author	Mercedes Lackey
FilePlanet	author	GameSpy
The Oaken Throne	author	Robin Jarvis
High Rhulain	author	Brian Jacques
Life and Death in Shanghai	author	Nien Cheng
The Longest Journey (novel)	author	E. M. Forster
The Drowning Pool	author	Ross Macdonald
The Company of Women	author	Khushwant Singh
Argument About Basia	author	Kornel Makuszyński
Homeward Bound (Turtledove novel)	author	Harry Turtledove
The Breasts of Tiresias	author	Guillaume Apollinaire
The Far Pavilions	author	M. M. Kaye
The Prehistory of The Far Side	author	Gary Larson
Valerie and Her Week of Wonders	author	Vítězslav Nezval
Hunters of Dune	author	Brian Herbert
Hunters of Dune	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Sandworms of Dune	author	Brian Herbert
Sandworms of Dune	author	Kevin J. Anderson
The Known World	author	Edward P. Jones
Lime Street (TV series)	author	Linda Bloodworth-Thomason
Lime Street (TV series)	author	Ron Friedman
Pygmalion (play)	author	George Bernard Shaw
Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc	author	Mark Twain
My Man Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Mission of Gravity	author	Hal Clement
The Inimitable Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Archangel (Shinn novel)	author	Sharon Shinn
Humiliated and Insulted	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
The Day the Universe Changed	author	James Burke (science historian)
Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets	author	David Simon
The Collected Stories of Arthur C. Clarke	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Coming of Age in Samoa	author	Margaret Mead
The Terminal Experiment	author	Robert J. Sawyer
BBQ with Bobby Flay	author	Joseph Magazenni
BBQ with Bobby Flay	author	Christine Mansoor
The Ribbajack	author	Brian Jacques
Dungeon Master's Guide II	author	David Noonan (game designer)
Dungeon Master's Guide II	author	James Jacobs (game designer)
Dungeon Master's Guide II	author	Robin Laws
Remembering Babylon	author	David Malouf
Arrow's Flight	author	Mercedes Lackey
Blood and Gold	author	Anne Rice
Zanna, Don't!	author	Tim Acito
Zanna, Don't!	author	Alexander Dinelaris
Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science	author	Martin Gardner
The Lonely Doll	author	Dare Wright
The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin	author	Benjamin Franklin
Cry, the Beloved Country	author	Alan Paton
Ten Days that Shook the World	author	John Reed (journalist)
If You See God, Tell Him	author	Andrew Marshall (writer)
If You See God, Tell Him	author	David Renwick
The War of the Flowers	author	Tad Williams
The War Against the Chtorr	author	David Gerrold
The Snow Queen (novel)	author	Joan D. Vinge
Cakes and Ale	author	W. Somerset Maugham
The Trumpet of the Swan	author	E. B. White
Theory of Colours	author	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Singin' in the Rain (musical)	author	Betty Comden
Singin' in the Rain (musical)	author	Adolph Green
Invitation to the Game	author	Monica Hughes
The Siege of Numantia	author	Miguel de Cervantes
Napalm and Silly Putty	author	George Carlin
The Source of Magic	author	Piers Anthony
Map24	author	Navteq
Castle Roogna	author	Piers Anthony
Night Mare	author	Piers Anthony
The Color of Her Panties	author	Piers Anthony
Yon Ill Wind	author	Piers Anthony
Question Quest	author	Piers Anthony
Zombie Lover	author	Piers Anthony
J.B. (play)	author	Archibald MacLeish
This Is Blythe	author	Gina Garan
Friendly interactive shell	author	Axel Liljencrantz
Atonement (novel)	author	Ian McEwan
Chris Crawford on Game Design	author	Chris Crawford (game designer)
Gerry Anderson's New Captain Scarlet	author	Gerry Anderson
Gerry Anderson's New Captain Scarlet	author	Phil Ford (writer)
The Way Some People Die	author	Ross Macdonald
A Civil War: Army vs. Navy	author	John Feinstein
Masks of the Illuminati	author	Robert Anton Wilson
The Tower Treasure	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Man Who Tasted Shapes	author	Richard Cytowic
Foreign Affairs (novel)	author	Alison Lurie
Rabbit at Rest	author	John Updike
Rabbit Is Rich	author	John Updike
House Made of Dawn	author	N. Scott Momaday
The Edge of Sadness	author	Edwin O'Connor
Who Killed Palomino Molero?	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
The Scions of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
Winter's Tale (novel)	author	Mark Helprin
Nothing's Sacred	author	Lewis Black
Carry on, Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
A Maggot	author	John Fowles
Bag of Bones	author	Stephen King
Bag of Bones  :Tenth Anniversary Edition   1	author	Stephen King
The Colorado Kid	author	Stephen King
Padre Coraje	author	Marcos Carnevale
Padre Coraje	author	Marcela Guerty
Fangface	author	Norman Maurer
The Secret Garden (musical)	author	Marsha Norman
A Contract with God	author	Will Eisner
Why I Am Not a Muslim	author	Ibn Warraq
Diplomacy (book)	author	Henry Kissinger
Bring the Jubilee	author	Ward Moore
Lord of the World	author	Robert Hugh Benson
Divine Right's Trip	author	Gurney Norman
The Lexus and the Olive Tree	author	Thomas Friedman
Freakonomics	author	Steven Levitt
Freakonomics	author	Stephen J. Dubner
Stray (novel)	author	A. N. Wilson
London Fields (novel)	author	Martin Amis
The Bride of Lammermoor	author	Walter Scott
The Call of Earth	author	Orson Scott Card
The Talisman (Scott novel)	author	Walter Scott
The Talisman (King & Straub novel)	author	Stephen King
The Talisman (King & Straub novel)	author	Peter Straub
To See Every Bird on Earth	author	Dan Koeppel
The Good Apprentice	author	Iris Murdoch
The Ring of Charon	author	Roger MacBride Allen
Faith of the Fallen	author	Terry Goodkind
CHKDSK	author	Microsoft
When She Was Good	author	Philip Roth
On Your Toes	author	Richard Rodgers
On Your Toes	author	George Abbott
On Your Toes	author	Lorenz Hart
The Mark on the Door	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Oh, Doctor Beeching!	author	David Croft (TV producer)
Oh, Doctor Beeching!	author	Richard Spendlove
Oh, Doctor Beeching!	author	John Stevenson (writer)
30 Years of Adventure: A Celebration of Dungeons & Dragons	author	Harold Johnson (game designer)
30 Years of Adventure: A Celebration of Dungeons & Dragons	author	Steve Winter
30 Years of Adventure: A Celebration of Dungeons & Dragons	author	Peter Adkison
The Orange Book: Reclaiming Liberalism	author	Paul Marshall (investor)
The Orange Book: Reclaiming Liberalism	author	David Laws
Incompetence (novel)	author	Rob Grant
The Man in the Brown Suit	author	Agatha Christie
Something Rotten	author	Jasper Fforde
A Thousand Acres	author	Jane Smiley
The Glass Key	author	Dashiell Hammett
1UP.com	author	Ziff Davis
Last Guardian of Everness	author	John C. Wright (author)
Petit Robert	author	Paul Robert (lexicographer)
Petit Robert	author	Alain Rey
Ham on Rye	author	Charles Bukowski
Subways Are For Sleeping	author	Betty Comden
Subways Are For Sleeping	author	Adolph Green
The Thief's Journal	author	Jean Genet
Prisoners of Power	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
The Posthumous Memoirs of Bras Cubas	author	Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis
Drowned Ammet	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Danny, the Champion of the World	author	Roald Dahl
The Social Contract	author	Jean-Jacques Rousseau
The Violent Bear It Away	author	Flannery O'Connor
The Pirate Bay	author	Gottfrid Svartholm
The Pirate Bay	author	Fredrik Neij
The Pirate Bay	author	Peter Sunde
The Ghost in the Machine	author	Arthur Koestler
Silverthorn (novel)	author	Raymond E. Feist
A Darkness at Sethanon	author	Raymond E. Feist
A Happy Death	author	Albert Camus
Sister Kate (TV series)	author	Frank Dungan
The Trouble with Islam Today	author	Irshad Manji
The True Story of Ah Q	author	Lu Xun
The Road to Dune	author	Frank Herbert
The Road to Dune	author	Brian Herbert
The Road to Dune	author	Kevin J. Anderson
It Happened to Nancy: By an Anonymous Teenager	author	Anonymous work
The Island of the Day Before	author	Umberto Eco
The Wind Singer	author	William Nicholson (writer)
Slaves of the Mastery	author	William Nicholson (writer)
Firesong	author	William Nicholson (writer)
The Grave (novel)	author	James Heneghan
Dying Inside	author	Robert Silverberg
A Good Man Is Hard to Find	author	Flannery O'Connor
Desolation Angels (novel)	author	Jack Kerouac
The Great War: American Front	author	Harry Turtledove
The Devil Wears Prada (novel)	author	Lauren Weisberger
Paris in the Twentieth Century	author	Jules Verne
The Extraordinary	author	Warwick Moss
Phantom of the Opera (1976 musical)	author	Ken Hill (playwright)
Cosmic Trigger I: The Final Secret of the Illuminati	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Joe's Own Editor	author	Joseph Allen (programmer)
The Science of Life	author	H. G. Wells
The Science of Life	author	Julian Huxley
The Science of Life	author	G. P. Wells
Mists of Everness	author	John C. Wright (author)
Singled Out	author	Mark Cronin
Singled Out	author	Jennifer Heftler
Singled Out	author	Lisa Page
Singled Out	author	Dave Polsky
Singled Out	author	Andrew Robbins
Singled Out	author	Rachelle Romberg
Singled Out	author	Mike Rotman
Singled Out	author	Mark Sanderson
Singled Out	author	Steve Sussman
Michael Talbot (author)  The Holographic Universe   1	author	Michael Talbot (author)
Aida (musical)	author	Linda Woolverton
Aida (musical)	author	Robert Falls
Aida (musical)	author	David Henry Hwang
All American (musical)	author	Mel Brooks
Deutsches Requiem (short story)	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Prelude to a Kiss (play)	author	Craig Lucas
High Crimes and Misdemeanors: The Case Against Bill Clinton	author	Ann Coulter
The House on Mango Street	author	Sandra Cisneros
Breathing Lessons	author	Anne Tyler
Perfect Circle (novel)	author	Sean Stewart
Marianne Dreams	author	Catherine Storr
How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must)	author	Ann Coulter
The Rum Diary (novel)	author	Hunter S. Thompson
Kushiel's Dart	author	Jacqueline Carey
Cambridge Spies	author	Peter Moffat
Treason: Liberal Treachery from the Cold War to the War on Terrorism	author	Ann Coulter
Jeeves in the Offing	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Peter Potamus	author	Warren Foster
The Diviners	author	Margaret Laurence
Slouching Towards Bethlehem	author	Joan Didion
The Antiquary	author	Walter Scott
The Eagle of the Ninth	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
The Lantern Bearers (Sutcliff novel)	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Ship of Fools (Porter novel)	author	Katherine Anne Porter
Eek! The Cat	author	Savage Steve Holland
Eek! The Cat	author	Bill Kopp
Eek! The Cat	author	Kati Rocky
Eek! The Cat	author	Henry Gilroy
Eek! The Cat	author	Paul Germain
Eek! The Cat	author	Sandy Fries
Eek! The Cat	author	Pamela Wick
Eek! The Cat	author	Frank Santopadre
American Empire: Blood and Iron	author	Harry Turtledove
First Impressions (musical)	author	Abe Burrows
Dirty White Boys	author	Stephen Hunter
The Effect of Gamma Rays on Man-in-the-Moon Marigolds	author	Paul Zindel
High Spirits (musical)	author	Hugh Martin
High Spirits (musical)	author	Timothy Gray
FAAC	author	Menno Bakker
FAAC  FAAD2   1	author	Menno Bakker
FAAC  FAAD2   1	author	Nero AG
Juno (musical)	author	Joseph Stein
The Seven Storey Mountain	author	Thomas Merton
England, Their England	author	A. G. Macdonell
Plain and Fancy	author	Joseph Stein
Plain and Fancy	author	Will Glickman
Bloom (novel)	author	Wil McCarthy
Elbow Room (short story collection)	author	James Alan McPherson
The Stories of John Cheever	author	John Cheever
The Haunting of Hill House	author	Shirley Jackson
Hitler's Pope	author	John Cornwell (writer)
The Thick of It	author	Jesse Armstrong
The Thick of It	author	Simon Blackwell
The Thick of It	author	Roger Drew
The Thick of It	author	Sean Gray
The Thick of It	author	Armando Iannucci
The Thick of It	author	Will Smith (comedian)
The Thick of It	author	Tony Roche (writer)
Man's Fate	author	André Malraux
Bellarion the Fortunate	author	Rafael Sabatini
The Curse of Chalion	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
The Design Revolution	author	William A. Dembski
The Denial of Death	author	Ernest Becker
Birthday Letters	author	Ted Hughes
Irene (musical)	author	Joseph Stein
The Bookseller of Kabul	author	Åsne Seierstad
The Inner Circle (novel)	author	T. Coraghessan Boyle
The Garden of God	author	Henry De Vere Stacpoole
The Myth of Islamic Tolerance	author	Robert Spencer (author)
Belle et Sébastien	author	Cécile Aubry
The Blue Lagoon (novel)	author	Henry De Vere Stacpoole
Murphy's Law (TV series)	author	Colin Bateman
Murphy's Law (TV series)	author	Russell Lewis
First They Killed My Father	author	Loung Ung
Basket Case (novel)	author	Carl Hiaasen
The 8th Habit: From Effectiveness to Greatness	author	Stephen Covey
Switch Bitch	author	Roald Dahl
White Niggers of America	author	Pierre Vallières
The Famous Teddy Z	author	Richard Dubin
The Famous Teddy Z	author	Wayne Lemon
The Famous Teddy Z	author	Hugh Wilson (director)
Why Not Me? (novel)	author	Al Franken
The File on H.	author	Ismail Kadare
Space Precinct	author	Gerry Anderson
Space Precinct	author	Hans Beimler (screenwriter)
Space Precinct	author	Richard Manning
Space Precinct	author	Paul Mayhew-Archer
Space Precinct	author	Philip Morrow
TUGS	author	Chris Tulloch
Henry's Cat	author	Bob Godfrey
Henry's Cat	author	Stan Hayward
Expedition (book)	author	Wayne Barlowe
Barlowe's Guide to Extraterrestrials	author	Wayne Barlowe
Bloodsucking Fiends	author	Christopher Moore (author)
Tietam Brown	author	Mick Foley
Dirty Hands	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Winning the Future	author	Newt Gingrich
Yahoo! Music	author	Yahoo!
Nowhere Man (novel)	author	Aleksandar Hemon
Women of the House	author	Linda Bloodworth-Thomason
Pastwatch: The Redemption of Christopher Columbus	author	Orson Scott Card
The Weight of Water	author	Anita Shreve
Empire (1987 novel)	author	Gore Vidal
Rabbit Hole	author	David Lindsay-Abaire
Flaubert's Parrot	author	Julian Barnes
Killing Hope	author	William Blum
The Baby Squad	author	Andrew Neiderman
Lucky (memoir)	author	Alice Sebold
Gobby	author	Armin Burgmeier
A Haunted House and Other Short Stories	author	Virginia Woolf
Zorba the Greek	author	Nikos Kazantzakis
Synergy (software)	author	Chris Schoeneman
Fudge (TV series)	author	Judy Blume
Masters of Doom	author	David Kushner
Replay (novel)	author	Ken Grimwood
Night Man	author	James Korris
Merrick (novel)	author	Anne Rice
The Frost Report	author	Graham Chapman
The Frost Report	author	Marty Feldman
Lipstick Jihad	author	Azadeh Moaveni
The Time of Your Life	author	William Saroyan
Paris (2003 musical)	author	Jon English
Paris (2003 musical)	author	David Mackay (producer)
Lipstick Jungle (novel)	author	Candace Bushnell
The World Is Flat	author	Thomas Friedman
Verdict of Twelve	author	Raymond Postgate
Book of Exalted Deeds	author	James Wyatt (game designer)
Book of Exalted Deeds	author	Darrin Drader
Oil Storm	author	James Erskine (director)
Disclosure (novel)	author	Michael Crichton
My Many Colored Days	author	Dr. Seuss
TinyURL	author	Kevin Gilbertson
Guy Mannering	author	Walter Scott
The Book of the New Sun	author	Gene Wolfe
Night of Knives	author	Ian Cameron Esslemont
Minty Alley	author	C. L. R. James
The Escapist (magazine)	author	Themis Group
The Further Adventures of The Joker	author	Martin H. Greenberg
Life Support (TV series)	author	Jeremy Adair
Life Support (TV series)	author	Kevin Brumpton
Strange News from Another Star	author	Hermann Hesse
Thomas (novel)	author	Robin Jarvis
Fleabee's Fortune	author	Robin Jarvis
The Dark Portal	author	Robin Jarvis
The Crystal Prison	author	Robin Jarvis
The Final Reckoning	author	Robin Jarvis
Inside, Outside	author	Herman Wouk
Stackless Python	author	Christian Tismer
Filth (novel)	author	Irvine Welsh
Scarlett (novel)	author	Alexandra Ripley
Species Plantarum	author	Carl Linnaeus
The Baby-Sitters Club (TV series)	author	Ann M. Martin
Deterring Democracy	author	Noam Chomsky
The Boy Who Lost His Face	author	Louis Sachar
The Little Drummer Girl	author	John le Carré
Scary Godmother	author	Jill Thompson
Poems (Hesse)	author	Hermann Hesse
A Sentimental Journey Through France and Italy	author	Laurence Sterne
The Dancers at the End of Time	author	Michael Moorcock
The Dancers at the End of Time  An Alien Heat   1	author	Michael Moorcock
The Dancers at the End of Time  The Hollow Lands   1	author	Michael Moorcock
The Dancers at the End of Time  The End Of All Songs   1	author	Michael Moorcock
The Dancers at the End of Time  Legends from the End of Time   1	author	Michael Moorcock
The Dancers at the End of Time  The Transformation of Miss Mavis Ming   1	author	Michael Moorcock
Beauty and the Beast (musical)	author	Linda Woolverton
Dragon Rider (novel)	author	Cornelia Funke
SixDegrees.com	author	Andrew Weinreich
A Thousand Plateaus	author	Gilles Deleuze
A Thousand Plateaus	author	Félix Guattari
Molly Moon's Incredible Book of Hypnotism	author	Lady Georgia Byng
The Light in the Piazza (musical)	author	Craig Lucas
Barrel Fever	author	David Sedaris
The Deptford Mice Almanack	author	Robin Jarvis
The White Company	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Ties That Bind (novel)	author	Vanessa Duriès
American Buffalo (play)	author	David Mamet
Ring of Fire (anthology)	author	Eric Flint
Sexual Perversity in Chicago	author	David Mamet
American Caesar	author	William Manchester
Bionic Six	author	Gordon Bressack
Bionic Six	author	Jean-Marc Lofficier
Warcraft: Lord of the Clans	author	Christie Golden
Warcraft: Day of the Dragon	author	Richard A. Knaak
Aquí no hay quien viva	author	Iñaki Ariztimuño
Aquí no hay quien viva	author	Alberto Caballero
Aquí no hay quien viva	author	Daniel Deorador
Aquí no hay quien viva	author	David Abajo
Aquí no hay quien viva	author	David Fernández (writer)
Aquí no hay quien viva	author	Ramón Tarrés
Aquí no hay quien viva	author	Laura Caballero
Aquí no hay quien viva	author	David Deorador
Aquí no hay quien viva	author	Laura Molpeceres
Aquí no hay quien viva	author	José Luis Valladolid
Dinosaur in a Haystack	author	Stephen Jay Gould
The Story of the Amulet	author	E. Nesbit
Heroes (novel)	author	Robert Cormier
Zaynab (novel)	author	Muhammad Husayn Haykal
Tramp Royale	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Little Sister	author	Raymond Chandler
Parineeta	author	Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay
TV.com	author	CNET
Rowan of Rin (series)	author	Jennifer Rowe
The Time Traveler's Wife	author	Audrey Niffenegger
Raise the Titanic!	author	Clive Cussler
Sylvie and Bruno	author	Lewis Carroll
Connections (TV series)	author	James Burke (science historian)
The Son	author	Walter Hasenclever
Bush at War	author	Bob Woodward
China Digital Times	author	Counter-Power Lab
China Digital Times	author	University of California, Berkeley
Parade (musical)	author	Alfred Uhry
Warcraft: Of Blood and Honor	author	Chris Metzen
Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Warcraft: The Last Guardian	author	Jeff Grubb
Survivorman	author	Les Stroud
Ferris Bueller (TV series)	author	John Masius
Ferris Bueller (TV series)	author	Steve Pepoon
My Belief: Essays on Life and Art	author	Hermann Hesse
Tom's Midnight Garden	author	Philippa Pearce
Plum Bun	author	Jessie Redmon Fauset
A Stone for Danny Fisher	author	Harold Robbins
Old Mortality	author	Walter Scott
Superfudge	author	Judy Blume
Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing	author	Judy Blume
The Lonely Silver Rain	author	John D. MacDonald
The Lost Symbol	author	Dan Brown
Himitsu Sentai Goranger	author	Shōzō Uehara
Himitsu Sentai Goranger	author	Susumu Takahisa
Himitsu Sentai Goranger	author	Hikaru Arai
Himitsu Sentai Goranger	author	Hirohisa Soda
Himitsu Sentai Goranger	author	Kimio Hirayama
Himitsu Sentai Goranger	author	Keisuke Fujikawa
The Disorderly Room	author	Eric Blore
The Boy Who Kicked Pigs	author	Tom Baker
The Nature of Truth	author	Sergio Troncoso
Pkg-config	author	Havoc Pennington
Monster.com	author	Monster.com
Warcraft: War of the Ancients Trilogy	author	Richard A. Knaak
Warcraft: War of the Ancients Trilogy  The Demon Soul   1	author	Richard A. Knaak
Warcraft: War of the Ancients Trilogy  The Sundering   1	author	Richard A. Knaak
Time's Eye (novel)	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Time's Eye (novel)	author	Stephen Baxter
The Enormous Crocodile	author	Roald Dahl
Vänner och fiender	author	Bror Yngve Anderson
Vänner och fiender	author	Thérèse Fernström
What Is History?	author	E. H. Carr
À rebours	author	Joris-Karl Huysmans
Soldier, Ask Not	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Blue Monday (opera)	author	Buddy DeSylva
Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories	author	Dr. Seuss
Oh, the Places You'll Go!	author	Dr. Seuss
Gridlock (novel)	author	Ben Elton
The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee	author	Rachel Sheinkin
The Voyage of the Jerle Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
Johnno	author	David Malouf
OpenCV	author	Intel
The Murder at the Vicarage	author	Agatha Christie
Sanatorium Under the Sign of the Hourglass	author	Bruno Schulz
A Legend of Montrose	author	Walter Scott
The Reader	author	Bernhard Schlink
Washington, D.C. (novel)	author	Gore Vidal
The Truth About Hillary	author	Edward Klein
SoundJam MP	author	Jeff Robbin
SoundJam MP	author	Dave Heller
Marching Through Georgia (novel)	author	S. M. Stirling
Outbreak (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Camp Lazlo	author	Joe Murray (animator)
Camp Lazlo	author	Mark O'Hare
Camp Lazlo	author	Mr. Lawrence
Camp Lazlo	author	J. G. Quintel
Camp Lazlo	author	Thurop Van Orman
Camp Lazlo	author	Martin Olson
Camp Lazlo	author	Merriwether Williams
Camp Lazlo	author	Steve Little (actor)
Camp Lazlo	author	Tom King (writer)
Camp Lazlo	author	Rick Farmiloe
Camp Lazlo	author	Kazimieras G. Prapuolenis
Camp Lazlo	author	Clayton Morrow
Three Men on the Bummel	author	Jerome K. Jerome
Sad Cypress	author	Agatha Christie
Little Men	author	Louisa May Alcott
Animal Dreams	author	Barbara Kingsolver
Stuck Rubber Baby	author	Howard Cruse
The Truth About Forever	author	Sarah Dessen
Pump Boys and Dinettes	author	Mark Hardwick
Pump Boys and Dinettes	author	Debra Monk
Pump Boys and Dinettes	author	Cass Morgan
Pump Boys and Dinettes	author	John Schimmel
Pump Boys and Dinettes	author	Jim Wann
Complicity (novel)	author	Iain Banks
The House on the Cliff	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret of the Old Mill	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Missing Chums	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Shore Road Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Hunting for Hidden Gold	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mystery of Cabin Island	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Great Airport Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
What Happened at Midnight	author	Franklin W. Dixon
While the Clock Ticked	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Footprints under the Window	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Hidden Harbor Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Sinister Signpost	author	Franklin W. Dixon
A Figure in Hiding	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret Warning	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Twisted Claw	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mystery of the Flying Express	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Disappearing Floor	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Clue of the Broken Blade	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Flickering Torch Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Melted Coins	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret Panel	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Phantom Freighter	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret of Skull Mountain	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Sign of the Crooked Arrow	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret of the Lost Tunnel	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Wailing Siren Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret of Wildcat Swamp	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Crisscross Shadow	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Yellow Feather Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Hooded Hawk Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Clue in the Embers	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret of Pirates' Hill	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mystery at Devil's Paw	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Mystery of the Desert Giant	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mystery of the Chinese Junk	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Clue of the Screeching Owl	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Viking Symbol Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mystery of the Aztec Warrior	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Haunted Fort	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mystery of the Spiral Bridge	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Secret Agent on Flight 101	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Arctic Patrol Mystery	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Bombay Boomerang	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Danger on Vampire Trail	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Masked Monkey	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Shattered Helmet	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Clue of the Hissing Serpent	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mysterious Caravan	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Witchmaster's Key	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Jungle Pyramid	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Firebird Rocket	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Sting of the Scorpion	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Princess Daisy (novel)	author	Judith Krantz
The Book of Illusions	author	Paul Auster
Cart and Cwidder	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Wednesday 9:30 (8:30 Central)	author	Jenji Kohan
Wednesday 9:30 (8:30 Central)	author	Peter Tolan
24Seven (TV series)	author	Mark Clompus
24Seven (TV series)	author	Marvin Close
24Seven (TV series)	author	Moray Hunter
The Scarlet Pimpernel (musical)	author	Nan Knighton
Children Playing Before a Statue of Hercules	author	David Sedaris
The Comedians (novel)	author	Graham Greene
The Citadel (novel)	author	A. J. Cronin
Fantastic Mr Fox	author	Roald Dahl
Streets of Laredo	author	Larry McMurtry
Dead Man's Walk	author	Larry McMurtry
A Ring of Endless Light	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Elephants Can Remember	author	Agatha Christie
The Heart of Midlothian	author	Walter Scott
The Birthday Boys	author	Beryl Bainbridge
The Fifth Sacred Thing	author	Starhawk
Once on This Island	author	Lynn Ahrens
The Price of Salt	author	Patricia Highsmith
Cosmic Trigger II: Down to Earth	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Cosmic Trigger III: My Life After Death	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Libris Mortis	author	Bruce Cordell
The Walls Came Tumbling Down	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Prometheus Rising	author	Robert Anton Wilson
The Illuminati Papers	author	Robert Anton Wilson
My Father's Glory	author	Marcel Pagnol
Sunstorm (novel)	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Sunstorm (novel)	author	Stephen Baxter
My Father's Dragon	author	Ruth Stiles Gannett
Right Where You Are Sitting Now	author	Robert Anton Wilson
The New Inquisition	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Elmer and the Dragon	author	Ruth Stiles Gannett
Cannonball Run 2001	author	James Eagan
Cannonball Run 2001	author	Seth Margolin
The Dominica Story	author	Lennox Honychurch
Tumbledown	author	Charles Wood (playwright)
Hypermail	author	Kevin Hughes (www)
The Vendor of Sweets	author	R. K. Narayan
Phantom (Sword of Truth)	author	Terry Goodkind
The Arm of the Starfish	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Redgauntlet	author	Walter Scott
Without Feathers	author	Woody Allen
Mao: The Unknown Story	author	Jung Chang
Mao: The Unknown Story	author	Jon Halliday
Songs for the Philologists	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Songs for the Philologists	author	E. V. Gordon
Joe Cinque's Consolation	author	Helen Garner
The Green Green Grass	author	John Sullivan (writer)
The Green Green Grass	author	The Green Green Grass#Writers
Accent on Youth	author	Samson Raphaelson
The Time Wanderers	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
The Redundancy of Courage	author	Timothy Mo
Empire (book)	author	Michael Hardt
Empire (book)	author	Antonio Negri
Fear on Wheels	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Long Walk to Freedom	author	Nelson Mandela
The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea	author	Yukio Mishima
The Pillowman	author	Martin McDonagh
Kotaku	author	Brian Crecente
Ambush Makeover	author	John Bertholon
Ambush Makeover	author	Michelle Pollino
Silent Bob Speaks	author	Kevin Smith
Aliens Ate My Homework	author	Bruce Coville
A History of Western Philosophy	author	Bertrand Russell
Perfect Hair Forever	author	Mike Lazzo
Perfect Hair Forever	author	Matt Harrigan
Perfect Hair Forever	author	Matt Maiellaro
A Loyal Character Dancer	author	Qiu Xiaolong
The Story of My Experiments with Truth	author	Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi
Phantom (musical)	author	Arthur Kopit
Lajja	author	Taslima Nasrin
Long Way Round    1	author	Ewan McGregor
Long Way Round    1	author	Charley Boorman
The Minpins	author	Roald Dahl
The First Sex	author	Elizabeth Gould Davis
Voyage (Stephen Baxter novel)	author	Stephen Baxter
Postcards (novel)	author	Annie Proulx
We Got It Made	author	Kim Weiskopf
Regina's Song	author	David Eddings
Rebecca's Tale	author	Sally Beauman
Derailed (novel)	author	James Siegel
The Sexual Life of Catherine M.	author	Catherine Millet
Tao Framework	author	Tao Framework
Seabiscuit: An American Legend	author	Laura Hillenbrand
The Destruction of Dresden	author	David Irving
In Dahomey	author	Jesse A. Shipp
The White Feather	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Poor Things	author	Alasdair Gray
Space (novel)	author	James A. Michener
A History Maker	author	Alasdair Gray
Boy Scout Handbook	author	Boy Scouts of America
Google Earth	author	Keyhole, Inc
Crave (play)	author	Sarah Kane
Day of Deceit	author	Robert Stinnett
Little Altars Everywhere	author	Rebecca Wells
Porterhouse Blue	author	Malcolm Bradbury
Porterhouse Blue	author	Tom Sharpe
A Liar's Autobiography	author	Graham Chapman
O Ateneu	author	Raul Pompeia
Debt of Bones	author	Terry Goodkind
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood	author	Rebecca Wells
Mastering the Art of French Cooking	author	Simone Beck
Mastering the Art of French Cooking	author	Louisette Bertholle
Mastering the Art of French Cooking	author	Julia Child
Moosewood Cookbook	author	Mollie Katzen
Oracle Night	author	Paul Auster
After Virtue	author	Alasdair MacIntyre
The Fourth Hand	author	John Irving
The Nature of Alexander	author	Mary Renault
Fire and Hemlock	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Nursery "Alice"	author	Lewis Carroll
GlobalSecurity.org	author	John E. Pike
My Education: A Book of Dreams	author	William S. Burroughs
Bliss (novel)	author	Peter Carey (novelist)
On Beyond Zebra!	author	Dr. Seuss
Wampeters, Foma and Granfalloons	author	Kurt Vonnegut
A New Brain	author	William Finn
A New Brain	author	James Lapine
Fletch Won	author	Gregory Mcdonald
Mexico (novel)	author	James A. Michener
Searching for David's Heart	author	Cherie Bennett
Taras Bulba	author	Nikolai Gogol
The Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam (And the Crusades)	author	Robert Spencer (author)
The Design Inference	author	William A. Dembski
Supreme Injustice	author	Alan Dershowitz
Hammerhead Ranch Motel	author	Tim Dorsey
Cadillac Beach	author	Tim Dorsey
Torpedo Juice (novel)	author	Tim Dorsey
Man Plus	author	Frederik Pohl
Rainbow Mars	author	Larry Niven
The History of the Runestaff	author	Michael Moorcock
Antic Hay	author	Aldous Huxley
The Sentinel (TV series)	author	Danny Bilson
The Sentinel (TV series)	author	Paul De Meo
The Sentinel (TV series)	author	Gail Morgan Hickman
Dovecot (software)	author	Timo Sirainen
House of Incest	author	Anaïs Nin
The Deep Blue Good-by	author	John D. MacDonald
The Final Days	author	Bob Woodward
The Final Days	author	Carl Bernstein
Les Chants de Maldoror	author	Comte de Lautréamont
The Last Dragonlord	author	Joanne Bertin
Dragon and Phoenix	author	Joanne Bertin
The War in the Air	author	H. G. Wells
DuBarry Was a Lady	author	Herbert Fields
DuBarry Was a Lady	author	Buddy DeSylva
The Gay Science	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
Indiana Jones and the Philosopher's Stone	author	Max McCoy
The Perks of Being a Wallflower	author	Stephen Chbosky
Mumbo Jumbo (novel)	author	Ishmael Reed
American Terrorist	author	Dan Herbeck
The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana	author	Umberto Eco
As Seen on TV (novel)	author	Chris Kerr (author)
Fire on the Mountain (novel)	author	Edward Abbey
Jonathan Troy	author	Edward Abbey
The Brave Cowboy	author	Edward Abbey
Good News (1980 novel)	author	Edward Abbey
The Big Over Easy	author	Jasper Fforde
The Zahir (novel)	author	Paulo Coelho
The Big Show (TV series)	author	David Axlerod
The Big Show (TV series)	author	Stan Burns
The Stone Tape	author	Nigel Kneale
In the Woods	author	Tana French
The Night in Lisbon	author	Erich Maria Remarque
WikiHow	author	Jack Herrick
WikiHow	author	Josh Hannah
Equal Danger	author	Leonardo Sciascia
Thrill-Power Overload	author	David Bishop
Still Life with Woodpecker	author	Tom Robbins
Hinds' Feet on High Places	author	Hannah Hurnard
The g Factor: The Science of Mental Ability (book)	author	Arthur Jensen
The Death of Virgil	author	Hermann Broch
Anna of Byzantium (novel)	author	Tracy Barrett
Rubí	author	Ximena Suarez
Rubí	author	Virginia Quintana
TypePad	author	Say Media
The Sittaford Mystery	author	Agatha Christie
Class of '96	author	Evan Katz
Class of '96	author	Johnny Romano
Class of '96	author	Melissa Rosenberg
Sugar Rush	author	Julie Burchill
Smart Mobs: The Next Social Revolution	author	Howard Rheingold
The Chancellor Manuscript	author	Robert Ludlum
Out of the Everywhere and Other Extraordinary Visions	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
Crown of Stars	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
Star Songs of an Old Primate	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
Warm Worlds and Otherwise	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
Ten Thousand Light-Years from Home	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
The Condition of the Working Class in England in 1844	author	Friedrich Engels
Witchcraft Today	author	Gerald Gardner
Update on the Aryan Invasion Debate	author	Koenraad Elst
Alice Through the Needle's Eye	author	Gilbert Adair
Spy Groove	author	Michael Gans
Spy Groove	author	Richard Register
Spy Groove	author	Kevin Thomsen
Henry and June	author	Anaïs Nin
The Thief and the Dogs	author	Naguib Mahfouz
The Relativity of Wrong	author	Isaac Asimov
Reliquary (novel)	author	Douglas Preston
Reliquary (novel)	author	Lincoln Child
Raisin (musical)	author	Robert B. Nemiroff
Raisin (musical)	author	Charlotte Zaltzberg
F-Spot	author	Ettore Perazzoli
The Riddle-Master of Hed	author	Patricia A. McKillip
The Flight from the Enchanter	author	Iris Murdoch
The Dain Curse	author	Dashiell Hammett
Ninjam	author	Justin Frankel
Ninjam	author	Tom Pepper
Evening Primrose (musical)	author	James Goldman
TextMaker	author	SoftMaker
The 480	author	Eugene Burdick
Red Prophet	author	Orson Scott Card
Fierce Invalids Home from Hot Climates	author	Tom Robbins
The Fire Next Time	author	James Baldwin
Appointment with Death	author	Agatha Christie
The Iron Dream	author	Norman Spinrad
A Dance with Dragons	author	George R. R. Martin
Last Men in London	author	Olaf Stapledon
How to Design Programs	author	Matthias Felleisen
How to Design Programs	author	Robert Bruce Findler
How to Design Programs	author	Matthew Flatt
How to Design Programs	author	Shriram Krishnamurthi
A Connecticut Yankee (musical)	author	Herbert Fields
Until I Find You	author	John Irving
Under and Alone	author	William Queen
Great Hotels	author	Samantha Brown
Bats (musical)	author	Simon Denver
Bats (musical)	author	Ian Dorricott
Phaedra's Love	author	Sarah Kane
The Life and Times of David Lloyd George	author	Elaine Morgan (writer)
Taboo (musical)	author	Mark Davies (author)
Taboo (musical)	author	Charles Busch
Mindstar Rising	author	Peter F. Hamilton
A Quantum Murder	author	Peter F. Hamilton
The Nano Flower	author	Peter F. Hamilton
Blood Fever	author	Charlie Higson
The Riddle of the Sands	author	Robert Erskine Childers
Out of the Blue (1979 TV series)	author	Barry Kemp (TV producer)
Dames at Sea	author	George Haimsohn
Dames at Sea	author	Robin Miller
The Italian Girl	author	Iris Murdoch
Skipping Towards Gomorrah	author	Dan Savage
Set This House on Fire	author	William Styron
Nothing But the Truth (novel)	author	Avi (author)
Power Without Glory	author	Frank Hardy
First of the Summer Wine	author	Roy Clarke
Titus Groan	author	Mervyn Peake
More Than You Deserve	author	Michael Weller
Zodiac (book)	author	Robert Graysmith
Mysterious Ways (TV series)	author	Peter O'Fallon
Mysterious Ways (TV series)	author	Carl Binder
Mysterious Ways (TV series)	author	Dawn Ritchie
Mysterious Ways (TV series)	author	Steven Barwin
Mysterious Ways (TV series)	author	Melissa Byer
Mysterious Ways (TV series)	author	Treena Hancock
The Deep End of the Ocean	author	Jacquelyn Mitchard
Ralph S. Mouse	author	Beverly Cleary
Lasher	author	Anne Rice
It Takes a Family	author	Rick Santorum
America Is in the Heart	author	Carlos Bulosan
Jill the Reckless	author	P. G. Wodehouse
American Empire: The Center Cannot Hold	author	Harry Turtledove
A Star Called Henry	author	Roddy Doyle
Being Bobby Brown	author	Kwame Nyanning
Steps to an Ecology of Mind	author	Gregory Bateson
The Secret Life of Bees	author	Sue Monk Kidd
Extras	author	Ricky Gervais
Extras	author	Stephen Merchant
Viren Rasquinha	author	Kumar Shah
The Temple of the Golden Pavilion	author	Yukio Mishima
Notes from a Small Island	author	Bill Bryson
The Imaginary Invalid	author	Molière
Good Girls Don't (TV series)	author	Nancy Cohen
Good Girls Don't (TV series)	author	Emily Cutler
Good Girls Don't (TV series)	author	Claudia Lonow
Snoops (1999 TV series)	author	Michael Green (writer)
Snoops (1999 TV series)	author	Hart Hanson
Snoops (1999 TV series)	author	Molly Newman
Snoops (1999 TV series)	author	Everett Owens
Henry Huggins	author	Beverly Cleary
Accelerando (novel)	author	Charles Stross
Nylon Angel	author	Marianne de Pierres
Kevin Spencer (TV series)	author	Rick Kaulbars
Kevin Spencer (TV series)	author	Greg Lawrence
The Music of Dolphins	author	Karen Hesse
1985 (Anthony Burgess novel)	author	Anthony Burgess
Bare-faced Messiah	author	Russell Miller
The Butcher Boy	author	Patrick McCabe (novelist)
Breakfast on Pluto	author	Patrick McCabe (novelist)
A Fable	author	William Faulkner
The Atrocity Archives	author	Charles Stross
240-Robert	author	Lew Hunter
240-Robert	author	Anthony Yerkovich
The Argumentative Indian	author	Amartya Sen
Three Act Tragedy	author	Agatha Christie
Why Didn't They Ask Evans?	author	Agatha Christie
Murder in Mesopotamia	author	Agatha Christie
Dumb Witness	author	Agatha Christie
Hercule Poirot's Christmas	author	Agatha Christie
Kabumpo in Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
The Snapper (novel)	author	Roddy Doyle
Camelot 30K	author	Robert L. Forward
The Woman Who Walked into Doors	author	Roddy Doyle
Running with Scissors (memoir)	author	Augusten Burroughs
Thidwick the Big-Hearted Moose	author	Dr. Seuss
At Swim, Two Boys	author	Jamie O'Neill
Playboy Online	author	Playboy Enterprises
UP Diksiyonaryong Filipino	author	Virgilio S. Almario
Annie on My Mind	author	Nancy Garden
The Boys in the Band (play)	author	Mart Crowley
Contact (musical)	author	John Weidman
Self (novel)	author	Yann Martel
The Master (novel)	author	Colm Tóibín
Guy Domville	author	Henry James
The South (novel)	author	Colm Tóibín
A Long Way Down	author	Nick Hornby
Ali Imran	author	Ibn-e-Safi
Ali Imran	author	Mazhar Kaleem
Ali Imran	author	Safdar Shaheen
Ali Imran	author	Zaheer Ahmad
Ali Imran	author	Irshad-ul-Asar
King David (musical)	author	Tim Rice
2000 Malibu Road	author	Terry Louise Fisher
Murder Is Easy	author	Agatha Christie
The Body in the Library	author	Agatha Christie
Malibu Shores	author	John Eisendrath
The Benson Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
My Michael (novel)	author	Amos Oz
Jihad vs. McWorld	author	Benjamin Barber
The Dragon Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
The Jury (TV serial)	author	Peter Morgan
Sparkling Cyanide	author	Agatha Christie
Towards Zero	author	Agatha Christie
Parker Pyne Investigates	author	Agatha Christie
Ma'alim fi al-Tariq	author	Sayyid Qutb
The Heather Blazing	author	Colm Tóibín
The Rising (Keene novel)	author	Brian Keene
The Case for Democracy	author	Natan Sharansky
The Case for Democracy	author	Ron Dermer
Good News (musical)	author	Laurence Schwab
Good News (musical)	author	Buddy DeSylva
Race and Slavery in the Middle East	author	Bernard Lewis
Mindkiller	author	Spider Robinson
The Hour of the Dragon	author	Robert E. Howard
Red Nails	author	Robert E. Howard
Quentin Durward	author	Walter Scott
The Saga of Seven Suns	author	Kevin J. Anderson
The People of the Black Circle	author	Robert E. Howard
A Walk on the Wild Side (novel)	author	Nelson Algren
The Hot Kid	author	Elmore Leonard
Hindu Temples: What Happened to Them	author	Sita Ram Goel
Hindu Temples: What Happened to Them	author	Arun Shourie
Hindu Temples: What Happened to Them	author	Harsh Narain
Hindu Temples: What Happened to Them	author	Jay Dubashi
Hindu Temples: What Happened to Them	author	Ram Swarup
The Story of the Night	author	Colm Tóibín
Pascali's Island (novel)	author	Barry Unsworth
Death of a Train	author	Freeman Wills Crofts
Blue Like Jazz	author	Donald Miller (author)
Servant of the Bones	author	Anne Rice
Google Moon	author	Google
Alexei Sayle's Stuff	author	Andrew Marshall (writer)
Alexei Sayle's Stuff	author	David Renwick
Alexei Sayle's Stuff	author	Alexei Sayle
Kushiel's Chosen	author	Jacqueline Carey
Kushiel's Avatar	author	Jacqueline Carey
Vittorio the Vampire	author	Anne Rice
Looking for Alaska	author	John Green (author)
Putting It Together	author	Stephen Sondheim
Putting It Together	author	Julia McKenzie
The Sandcastle (novel)	author	Iris Murdoch
Trustee from the Toolroom	author	Nevil Shute
Elizabeth Costello	author	J. M. Coetzee
Inconstant Moon	author	Larry Niven
The Blue Castle	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
The Enchanted Wood (novel)	author	Enid Blyton
Eye of Cat	author	Roger Zelazny
Doorways in the Sand	author	Roger Zelazny
Arrow's Fall	author	Mercedes Lackey
Becoming Madame Mao	author	Anchee Min
Children of the Arbat	author	Anatoly Rybakov
The Gruffalo	author	Julia Donaldson
Closing Time (novel)	author	Joseph Heller
Eloise (books)	author	Kay Thompson
The Vampire's Assistant	author	Darren Shan
Kristina från Duvemåla	author	Björn Ulvaeus
Revolutionary Road	author	Richard Yates (novelist)
Ultraman Nexus	author	Keiichi Hasegawa
Ultraman Nexus	author	Kenichi Araki
Ultraman Nexus	author	Masanao Akahoshi
Ultraman Nexus	author	Murai Sadayuki
Ultraman Nexus	author	Ai Ota
The Folk of the Fringe	author	Orson Scott Card
Ring (Suzuki novel)	author	Koji Suzuki
Grace & Favour	author	Jeremy Lloyd
Grace & Favour	author	David Croft (TV producer)
Your Best Life Now	author	Joel Osteen
The Covenant (novel)	author	James A. Michener
KDE Dot News	author	KDE
Where Is Joe Merchant?	author	Jimmy Buffett
Killshot	author	Elmore Leonard
Sci Fiction	author	Ellen Datlow
Death Comes as the End	author	Agatha Christie
Taken at the Flood	author	Agatha Christie
A Murder Is Announced	author	Agatha Christie
They Came to Baghdad	author	Agatha Christie
Mrs McGinty's Dead	author	Agatha Christie
They Do It with Mirrors	author	Agatha Christie
A Pocket Full of Rye	author	Agatha Christie
Destination Unknown (novel)	author	Agatha Christie
Hickory Dickory Dock (novel)	author	Agatha Christie
4.50 from Paddington	author	Agatha Christie
I Kissed Dating Goodbye	author	Joshua Harris
How to Talk Dirty and Influence People	author	Lenny Bruce
The Awkward Age	author	Henry James
Flowers in the Attic	author	V. C. Andrews
Legacy (TV series)	author	Chris Abbott
Legacy (TV series)	author	Heather Conkie
Legacy (TV series)	author	Judith McCreary
The Matchlock Gun	author	Walter D. Edmonds
The 35th of May, or Conrad's Ride to the South Seas	author	Erich Kästner
Skylark DuQuesne	author	E. E. Smith
China Mountain Zhang	author	Maureen F. McHugh
Cyteen	author	C. J. Cherryh
The West End Horror	author	Nicholas Meyer
Interpreter of Maladies	author	Jhumpa Lahiri
The Persian Boy	author	Mary Renault
Komm, süßer Tod (novel)	author	Wolf Haas
Ordeal by Innocence	author	Agatha Christie
Cat Among the Pigeons	author	Agatha Christie
The Pale Horse (novel)	author	Agatha Christie
The Clocks (novel)	author	Agatha Christie
A Caribbean Mystery	author	Agatha Christie
Third Girl	author	Agatha Christie
Endless Night	author	Agatha Christie
Passenger to Frankfurt	author	Agatha Christie
Nemesis (Agatha Christie novel)	author	Agatha Christie
Postern of Fate	author	Agatha Christie
Seascape (play)	author	Edward Albee
Exultant (novel)	author	Stephen Baxter
Murderous Maths	author	Kjartan Poskitt
The Boat of a Million Years	author	Poul Anderson
Zadig	author	Voltaire
Pilgrim (Timothy Findley novel)	author	Timothy Findley
Excellent Cadavers	author	Alexander Stille
The Cookie Monster (novella)	author	Vernor Vinge
By the Pricking of My Thumbs	author	Agatha Christie
The Know-It-All: One Man's Humble Quest to Become the Smartest Person in the World	author	A. J. Jacobs
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Operation Barracuda	author	David Michaels
I Want a Dog	author	Dayal Kaur Khalsa
Be Here Now (book)	author	Ram Dass
In the Garden of Iden	author	Kage Baker
The King Beyond the Gate	author	David Gemmell
Modern C++ Design	author	Andrei Alexandrescu
It Takes a Village	author	Hillary Rodham Clinton
Lucan (TV series)	author	Michael Zagor
The Conversations at Curlow Creek	author	David Malouf
The Puttermesser Papers	author	Cynthia Ozick
Remote Control (novel)	author	Andy McNab
Crisis Four	author	Andy McNab
Angel Eyes (novel)	author	Loren D. Estleman
Manhattan Nocturne	author	Colin Harrison (writer)
Lipstick on Your Collar	author	Dennis Potter
The Icarus Agenda	author	Robert Ludlum
The Farnsworth Invention	author	Aaron Sorkin
Felidae (novel)	author	Akif Pirinçci
The History Boys	author	Alan Bennett
Youth in Revolt	author	C. D. Payne
The Mouse and the Motorcycle	author	Beverly Cleary
Wittgenstein's Mistress	author	David Markson
Day of the Cheetah	author	Dale Brown
Poor Folk	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Kangaroo Notebook	author	Kōbō Abe
History of the Arab Peoples	author	Albert Hourani
The King of the Golden River	author	John Ruskin
Kalki (novel)	author	Gore Vidal
Ilse Witch	author	Terry Brooks
Antrax	author	Terry Brooks
Morgawr	author	Terry Brooks
Mr. Sunshine (1986 TV series)	author	David Lloyd (writer)
Mr. Sunshine (1986 TV series)	author	Peter Noah
Madness and Civilization	author	Michel Foucault
Weetzie Bat	author	Francesca Lia Block
Working Classics	author	Peter Oresick
Werewolf (TV series)	author	Frank Lupo
The Sinbad Show	author	Michael Carrington (voice actor)
The Sinbad Show	author	Sinbad (entertainer)
The Sinbad Show	author	Michael J. Weithorn
The Sinbad Show	author	Tom Whedon
North and South (1855 novel)	author	Elizabeth Gaskell
I Am David	author	Anne Holm
What Is Life?	author	Erwin Schrödinger
Complete Warrior	author	Andy Collins (game designer)
Complete Warrior	author	David Noonan (game designer)
The Jungles of Chult	author	James Lowder
The Jungles of Chult	author	Jean Rabe
The Marriage of Figaro (play)	author	Pierre Beaumarchais
Today We Choose Faces	author	Roger Zelazny
Philadelphia Here I Come!	author	Brian Friel
The Heart of Jade	author	Salvador de Madariaga
Inside Job (novella)	author	Connie Willis
Remake (novel)	author	Connie Willis
Bellwether (novel)	author	Connie Willis
Autumn in My Heart	author	Oh Soo-Yeon
Bit-tech	author	Bit-tech staff
The Buddha of Suburbia (novel)	author	Hanif Kureishi
The Making of The Wizard of Oz	author	Aljean Harmetz
The Robber Bridegroom (novel)	author	Eudora Welty
Tribulations of a Chinaman in China	author	Jules Verne
Spy Game (TV series)	author	John McNamara (writer)
Spy Game (TV series)	author	Jeff Vlaming
Noon: 22nd Century	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
World's End (Sinclair novel)	author	Upton Sinclair
The Last Session	author	Jim Brochu
An Instance of the Fingerpost	author	Iain Pears
Double Trouble (TV series)	author	Robert Illes
Double Trouble (TV series)	author	Don Reo
Double Trouble (TV series)	author	Bill Richmond (writer)
Double Trouble (TV series)	author	James R. Stein
Horrible Science	author	Nick Arnold
Horrible Science	author	Phil Gates
Poirot Investigates	author	Agatha Christie
Escape Attempt	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
It's Your Move	author	Ron Leavitt
It's Your Move	author	Michael G. Moye
It's Your Move	author	Pamela Norris
Toad Patrol	author	Rick Jones
Hornblower in the West Indies	author	C. S. Forester
Sky Coyote	author	Kage Baker
ESPN.com	author	ESPN (United States)
To Reign in Hell: The Exile of Khan Noonien Singh	author	Greg Cox (writer)
Honour Among Thieves	author	Jeffrey Archer
Little Birds	author	Anaïs Nin
Far Rainbow	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Almost Transparent Blue	author	Ryū Murakami
Mendoza in Hollywood	author	Kage Baker
The Gates of Morning	author	Henry De Vere Stacpoole
The Barchester Chronicles	author	Alan Plater
The Barchester Chronicles	author	Anthony Trollope
March Violets	author	Philip Kerr
Goodnight Desdemona (Good Morning Juliet)	author	Ann-Marie MacDonald
The Mount (novel)	author	Carol Emshwiller
Biloxi Blues	author	Neil Simon
The Fifth Column and the First Forty-Nine Stories	author	Ernest Hemingway
Men Without Women (short story collection)	author	Ernest Hemingway
Request Tracker	author	Jesse Vincent
The Devil Finds Work	author	James Baldwin
Doctors (novel)	author	Erich Segal
Year of the Intern (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life	author	Erving Goffman
Copernic Desktop Search	author	Copernic
The Graveyard Game	author	Kage Baker
The Rose and the Yew Tree	author	Agatha Christie
Strider (novel)	author	Beverly Cleary
Art Attack	author	Neil Buchanan
Scandal at High Chimneys	author	John Dickson Carr
How to Eat Fried Worms	author	Thomas Rockwell
The Life of the World to Come	author	Kage Baker
The New Jerusalem (Chesterton book)	author	G. K. Chesterton
Luis (TV series)	author	Will Gluck
Legal Information Institute	author	Peter W. Martin (professor)
Legal Information Institute	author	Thomas R. Bruce
Cracking Up	author	Dana Baratta
Cracking Up	author	Mike White (scriptwriter)
The Shadow Line	author	Joseph Conrad
Barlowe's Inferno	author	Wayne Barlowe
The Namesake	author	Jhumpa Lahiri
The Human Factor	author	Graham Greene
Giant's Bread	author	Agatha Christie
Unfinished Portrait (novel)	author	Agatha Christie
Absent in the Spring	author	Agatha Christie
A Daughter's a Daughter	author	Agatha Christie
Too Many Magicians	author	Randall Garrett
Colonization: Second Contact	author	Harry Turtledove
Complete Divine	author	David Noonan (game designer)
The Tale of Samuel Whiskers or The Roly-Poly Pudding	author	Beatrix Potter
Open Diary	author	Bruce Ableson
ICon: Steve Jobs	author	Jeffrey S. Young
ICon: Steve Jobs	author	William L. Simon
Abba Abba	author	Anthony Burgess
The Jagged Orbit	author	John Brunner (novelist)
Miss Rumphius	author	Barbara Cooney
The Burden (novel)	author	Agatha Christie
The Labours of Hercules	author	Agatha Christie
Partners in Crime (short story collection)	author	Agatha Christie
Poirot's Early Cases	author	Agatha Christie
Hell Island (novella)	author	Matthew Reilly
Brighton Beach Memoirs	author	Neil Simon
The Ungoverned	author	Vernor Vinge
Mobile Magazine	author	Fabrizio Pilato
Ring (Stephen Baxter novel)	author	Stephen Baxter
The White Bull	author	Voltaire
The Return (Star Trek)	author	William Shatner
The Return (Star Trek)	author	Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens
The Return (Star Trek)	author	Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens
Our Island Story	author	Henrietta Elizabeth Marshall
WEBrick	author	Masayoshi Takahashi
WEBrick	author	Yuuzou Gotou
Zahrah the Windseeker	author	Nnedi Okorafor
War of the Spider Queen	author	Richard Lee Byers
War of the Spider Queen	author	Thomas M. Reid
War of the Spider Queen	author	Richard Baker (game designer)
War of the Spider Queen	author	Lisa Smedman
War of the Spider Queen	author	Philip Athans
War of the Spider Queen	author	Paul S. Kemp
Doctor Thorne	author	Anthony Trollope
The Redneck Manifesto (book)	author	Jim Goad
The Lives of a Cell: Notes of a Biology Watcher	author	Lewis Thomas
The Sheep Look Up	author	John Brunner (novelist)
After Worlds Collide	author	Philip Wylie
Hard to Be a God	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Jim the Boy	author	Tony Earley
Scorpia (novel)	author	Anthony Horowitz
Eagle Strike	author	Anthony Horowitz
The Constant Gardener	author	John le Carré
Good Deal with Dave Lieberman	author	Rachel Knobelman
The Kid from Hell	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Dr. Heidenhoff's Process	author	Edward Bellamy
.hack//AI buster	author	Tatsuya Hamazaki
.hack//Another Birth	author	Miu Kawasaki
The Wave (novel)	author	Todd Strasser
The Third Wave (book)	author	Alvin Toffler
Stiff Upper Lip, Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Avalon (novel)	author	Anya Seton
A Certain Smile	author	Françoise Sagan
Monster Force	author	Marv Wolfman
Destination: Morgue!	author	James Ellroy
Crime Wave (book)	author	James Ellroy
Hollywood Nocturnes	author	James Ellroy
Lucky You (novel)	author	Carl Hiaasen
Duncton Wood	author	William Horwood (novelist)
The Black Dwarf (novel)	author	Walter Scott
Ibid: A Life	author	Mark Dunn
Faggots (novel)	author	Larry Kramer
Android Kikaider	author	Shotaro Ishinomori
The Beast in the Jungle	author	Henry James
The Magic Pudding	author	Norman Lindsay
City of Night	author	John Rechy
The Real Eve	author	Stephen Oppenheimer
I'm Getting My Act Together and Taking It on the Road	author	Gretchen Cryer
Nightrunners of Bengal	author	John Masters
Sugar Busters!	author	H. Leighton Steward
Americana (novel)	author	Don DeLillo
The Last Samurai (novel)	author	Helen DeWitt
Father, Dear Father	author	Brian Cooke
Father, Dear Father	author	Johnnie Mortimer
The White Dragon	author	Anne McCaffrey
Trinity's Child	author	William Prochnau
Great Jones Street (novel)	author	Don DeLillo
Zorro (novel)	author	Isabel Allende
Killing Aurora	author	Helen Barnes
Beach Music (novel)	author	Pat Conroy
Goodnight Opus	author	Berkeley Breathed
Tales of Ten Worlds	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Of Time and Stars	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Fortress of Solitude (novel)	author	Jonathan Lethem
Motherless Brooklyn	author	Jonathan Lethem
Manifold: Time	author	Stephen Baxter
The Big Bamboo	author	Tim Dorsey
The Hours (novel)	author	Michael Cunningham
The Hero and the Crown	author	Robin McKinley
Black Rain (novel)	author	Masuji Ibuse
Wit (play)	author	Margaret Edson
Romola	author	George Eliot
The Abbot	author	Walter Scott
The Europeans	author	Henry James
The Gnome King of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
The Liar (novel)	author	Stephen Fry
Emily of New Moon	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Looking for Mr. Goodbar	author	Judith Rossner
Sword of Justice (TV series)	author	Glen A. Larson
Fourth Way (book)	author	P. D. Ouspensky
Death on Credit	author	Louis-Ferdinand Céline
The Man Without Qualities	author	Robert Musil
Space Mowgli	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Little Fish (musical)	author	Michael John LaChiusa
The Man That Corrupted Hadleyburg	author	Mark Twain
In Defense of Internment	author	Michelle Malkin
Resident Evil: Caliban Cove	author	S. D. Perry
Resident Evil: Underworld	author	S. D. Perry
Invasion: How America Still Welcomes Terrorists, Criminals, and Other Foreign Menaces to Our Shores	author	Michelle Malkin
Bringing Down the House (book)	author	Ben Mezrich
Journey to the End of the Night	author	Louis-Ferdinand Céline
The Girl with Something Extra	author	Bernard Slade
Paradise (TV series)	author	David Jacobs (writer)
Live Shot	author	Christopher Ames
Live Shot	author	Dan Guntzelman
Out of the Dust	author	Karen Hesse
An Apology for the Life of Mrs. Shamela Andrews	author	Henry Fielding
My Sister's Keeper	author	Jodi Picoult
The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers	author	Paul Kennedy
Sunset Song	author	Lewis Grassic Gibbon
The Adventures of Roderick Random	author	Tobias Smollett
True History	author	Lucian
The Field of Swords	author	Conn Iggulden
Neanderthal (novel)	author	John Darnton
Can You Forgive Her?	author	Anthony Trollope
Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters and Seymour: An Introduction	author	J. D. Salinger
The Italian (novel)	author	Ann Radcliffe
Rabbit, Run	author	John Updike
Headlong (Williams novel)	author	Emlyn Williams
The End (novel)	author	Lemony Snicket
Stolen Valor	author	B. G. Burkett
Stolen Valor	author	Glenna Whitley
The Book of Good Love	author	Juan Ruiz
The Temptation of Saint Anthony (Flaubert)	author	Gustave Flaubert
Casino Royale (novel)	author	Ian Fleming
Incredibly Strange Films	author	V. Vale
Incredibly Strange Films	author	Andrea Juno
Annie John	author	Jamaica Kincaid
Housekeeping (novel)	author	Marilynne Robinson
A World Out of Time	author	Larry Niven
Knees Up Mother Earth	author	Robert Rankin
Jekyll & Hyde (musical)	author	Leslie Bricusse
The Emperor of Dreams	author	Clark Ashton Smith
All I Need is Love	author	Klaus Kinski
The Geisha	author	Owen Hall
A Greek Slave	author	Owen Hall
Welcome to the Neighborhood (TV series)	author	Amber Mazzola
The Story of B	author	Daniel Quinn
The 100 Lives of Black Jack Savage	author	James Wong
The 100 Lives of Black Jack Savage	author	Glen Morgan
The 100 Lives of Black Jack Savage	author	Stephen J. Cannell
All Tomorrow's Parties (novel)	author	William Gibson
Oleanna (play)	author	David Mamet
The Star Scroll	author	Melanie Rawn
Sunrunner's Fire	author	Melanie Rawn
South of the Border, West of the Sun	author	Haruki Murakami
Hello America	author	J. G. Ballard
Den of Thieves (book)	author	James B. Stewart
The Three Hostages	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
Strip Tease (novel)	author	Carl Hiaasen
Mister T (TV series)	author	Flint Dille
Austerlitz (novel)	author	W. G. Sebald
Star Trek: Vanguard	author	David Alan Mack
Star Trek: Vanguard	author	Dayton Ward
Star Trek: Vanguard	author	Kevin Dilmore
A Picture of Britain	author	David Dimbleby
The Super Barbarians	author	John Brunner (novelist)
Air Babylon	author	Imogen Edwards-Jones
To Conquer Chaos	author	John Brunner (novelist)
Heart of the Comet	author	David Brin
Heart of the Comet	author	Gregory Benford
If I Ran the Zoo	author	Dr. Seuss
Carrie's War	author	Nina Bawden
Me and Juliet	author	Oscar Hammerstein II
Illywhacker	author	Peter Carey (novelist)
The Cowardly Lion of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
Grampa in Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
The Lost King of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
The Hungry Tiger of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
The Giant Horse of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
Jack Pumpkinhead of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
Handy Mandy in Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
Ozoplaning with the Wizard of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
Merry Go Round in Oz	author	Eloise McGraw
Merry Go Round in Oz	author	Lauren McGraw Wagner
The Hidden Valley of Oz	author	Rachel Cosgrove Payes
The Magical Mimics in Oz	author	Jack Snow (writer)
The Shaggy Man of Oz	author	Jack Snow (writer)
The Wonder City of Oz	author	John R. Neill
The Scalawagons of Oz	author	John R. Neill
Lotte in Weimar: The Beloved Returns	author	Thomas Mann
Ark Angel	author	Anthony Horowitz
The White Peacock	author	D. H. Lawrence
The Killing Zone	author	James Hatfield
I, Lucifer	author	Peter O'Donnell
Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto	author	Chuck Klosterman
The White Guard	author	Mikhail Bulgakov
The Magic Toyshop	author	Angela Carter
Solar Lottery	author	Philip K. Dick
Barbershop (TV series)	author	John Ridley
Barbershop (TV series)	author	Stacy A. Littlejohn
The Lost Girl	author	D. H. Lawrence
A Closed Book	author	Gilbert Adair
Little Fuzzy	author	H. Beam Piper
The Trespasser (novel)	author	D. H. Lawrence
Family Album (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Heir of Sea and Fire	author	Patricia A. McKillip
BBC iPlayer	author	BBC
More Than Human	author	Theodore Sturgeon
The Hampdenshire Wonder	author	J. D. Beresford
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (TV series)	author	Mitchell Burgess
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (TV series)	author	Michael Cassutt
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (TV series)	author	Robin Green
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (TV series)	author	Del Shores
Birds of Prey (David Drake novel)	author	David Drake
Close Range: Wyoming Stories	author	Annie Proulx
Palomita Blanca	author	Enrique Lafourcade
Climate Audit	author	Stephen McIntyre
Phantom (novel)	author	Susan Kay
Small Is Beautiful	author	E. F. Schumacher
The Club Dumas	author	Arturo Pérez-Reverte
It's Flashbeagle, Charlie Brown	author	Charles M. Schulz
A Step into the Past	author	Huang Yi
The Ticket That Exploded	author	William S. Burroughs
An Option for Quebec	author	René Lévesque
The Third Chimpanzee	author	Jared Diamond
Anti-Oedipus	author	Gilles Deleuze
Anti-Oedipus	author	Félix Guattari
Tintin – Le Temple du Soleil – Le Spectacle Musical	author	Seth Gaaikema
Tintin – Le Temple du Soleil – Le Spectacle Musical	author	Frank van Laecke
Tintin – Le Temple du Soleil – Le Spectacle Musical	author	Didier Van Cauwelaert
Life Expectancy (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
CI5: The New Professionals	author	Brian Clemens
The Mummy (novel)	author	Anne Rice
Poor White	author	Sherwood Anderson
The Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis	author	José Saramago
Final Exit	author	Derek Humphry
Bully for Brontosaurus	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Ladysmith (novel)	author	Giles Foden
Hardball (1989 TV series)	author	Chris Bunch
Hardball (1989 TV series)	author	Allan Cole
Hardball (1989 TV series)	author	Frank Lupo
The Last King of Scotland	author	Giles Foden
The Wars	author	Timothy Findley
Envy (Olesha novel)	author	Yury Olesha
Amanda (novel)	author	Candice F. Ransom
Cocain Romance	author	M. Ageyev
Message in a Bottle (novel)	author	Nicholas Sparks (author)
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (novel)	author	Ken Kesey
Daktari	author	Meyer Dolinsky
Daktari	author	Robert Lees
Daktari	author	Malvin Wald
The Trigger	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Trigger	author	Michael P. Kube-McDowell
Feather Boy	author	Nicky Singer
Dersu Uzala (book)	author	Vladimir Arsenyev
And Ladies of the Club	author	Helen Hooven Santmyer
The Mystery of Marie Rogêt	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Confessions of an Economic Hit Man	author	John Perkins (author)
Eleanor Rigby (novel)	author	Douglas Coupland
Among the Thugs	author	Bill Buford
Jessica Novak	author	Ira Steven Behr
The Prestige	author	Christopher Priest (novelist)
The Odessa File	author	Frederick Forsyth
The Prime Minister (novel)	author	Anthony Trollope
Time's Arrow (novel)	author	Martin Amis
Tablet of Destinies	author	Traci Harding
Flux (novel)	author	Stephen Baxter
Dance of the Yellow-Breasted Luddites	author	William Shunn
The Halloween Tree	author	Ray Bradbury
Julie of the Wolves	author	Jean Craighead George
The Runaway in Oz	author	John R. Neill
Pinball, 1973	author	Haruki Murakami
The Pothunters	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Chaka (novel)	author	Thomas Mofolo
The Logia of Yeshua	author	Jesus
Twice-Told Tales	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
Tao of Jeet Kune Do	author	Bruce Lee
Winston's War	author	Michael Dobbs
Players (novel)	author	Don DeLillo
Running Dog	author	Don DeLillo
Never Surrender (novel)	author	Michael Dobbs
Someone Like You (collection)	author	Roald Dahl
A Stranger in the Mirror	author	Sidney Sheldon
The Abominable Man	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
The Streets of Ankh-Morpork	author	Stephen Briggs
Green Shadows, White Whale	author	Ray Bradbury
A Prefect's Uncle	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Sign of the Twisted Candles	author	Carolyn Keene
The Password to Larkspur Lane	author	Carolyn Keene
Call to Glory	author	Ronald M. Cohen
Philoctetes (Sophocles)	author	Sophocles
Tales from the Perilous Realm	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Lawrence of Arabia: The Authorised Biography of T.E. Lawrence	author	Jeremy Wilson
The Confidence-Man	author	Herman Melville
The City of Falling Angels	author	John Berendt
Why, Charlie Brown, Why?	author	Charles M. Schulz
What Have We Learned, Charlie Brown?	author	Charles M. Schulz
What Have We Learned, Charlie Brown?	author	John McCrae
Happy New Year, Charlie Brown!	author	Charles M. Schulz
I Can Do Bad All By Myself (play)	author	Tyler Perry
The Agony and the Ecstasy (novel)	author	Irving Stone
Damon and Debbie	author	Frank Cottrell Boyce
SEQUEST	author	John R. Yates
Five Weeks in a Balloon	author	Jules Verne
He's Your Dog, Charlie Brown	author	Charles M. Schulz
The Widow's Broom	author	Chris Van Allsburg
The King of Ireland's Son	author	Padraic Colum
Language Made Plain	author	Anthony Burgess
The Hungry Tide	author	Amitav Ghosh
An Imaginary Life	author	David Malouf
I Heard the Owl Call My Name	author	Margaret Craven
A Mouthful of Air	author	Anthony Burgess
Bouquet of Barbed Wire	author	Andrea Newman
Bouquet of Barbed Wire  2010   1	author	Guy Andrews
Blooms of Dublin	author	Anthony Burgess
Setting Free the Bears	author	John Irving
The Shattered Chain	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Jubster	author	Anthony Kristovich III
The Brothers (1972 TV series)	author	N. J. Crisp
The District Nurse	author	William Ingram
The District Nurse	author	Juliet Ace
To Have and to Hold	author	Mary Johnston (novelist)
The Historian	author	Elizabeth Kostova
The Rigveda: A Historical Analysis	author	The Rigveda: A Historical Analysis
The Chrysanthemum and the Sword	author	Ruth Benedict
The Shadow of the Torturer	author	Gene Wolfe
The Claw of the Conciliator	author	Gene Wolfe
Enemy at the Door	author	James Andrew Hall
Ipi Tombi	author	Bertha Egnos
Anastasia Krupnik	author	Lois Lowry
Fingerprints of the Gods	author	Graham Hancock
The Impossible Man	author	J. G. Ballard
Gangsters (TV series)	author	Philip Martin (screenwriter)
The Ingoldsby Legends	author	Richard Harris Barham
Tales of the Unexpected (book)	author	Roald Dahl
It's an Adventure, Charlie Brown	author	Charles M. Schulz
A Charlie Brown Celebration	author	Charles M. Schulz
Is This Goodbye, Charlie Brown?	author	Charles M. Schulz
NetworkManager	author	Red Hat
Snoopy's Getting Married, Charlie Brown	author	Charles M. Schulz
It's the Girl in the Red Truck, Charlie Brown	author	Charles M. Schulz
It's the Girl in the Red Truck, Charlie Brown	author	Monte Schulz
The Late Show (1986 TV series)	author	Monty Aidem
The Late Show (1986 TV series)	author	Hank Bradford
The Late Show (1986 TV series)	author	Stan Burns
The Late Show (1986 TV series)	author	Londos D'Arrigo
The Late Show (1986 TV series)	author	Wayne Kline
The Late Show (1986 TV series)	author	Toem Perew
The Late Show (1986 TV series)	author	Michael Prescott
The Late Show (1986 TV series)	author	Daniel Rosen
The Late Show (1986 TV series)	author	Dennis Snee
The Late Show (1986 TV series)	author	Levi Taylor
The Late Show (1986 TV series)	author	Patric Verrone
Snoopy's Reunion	author	Charles M. Schulz
The Short-Timers	author	Gustav Hasford
The Wizard of Oz (TV series)	author	Elana Lesser
The Wizard of Oz (TV series)	author	Cliff Ruby
The Wizard of Oz (TV series)	author	Doug Molitor
Blitz!	author	Lionel Bart
Blitz!	author	Joan Maitland
Maestro (novel)	author	Peter Goldsworthy
Crocodile Shoes	author	Jimmy Nail
For Love or Money (TV series)	author	Trace Slobotkin
Arcade (TV series)	author	David Sale
Arcade (TV series)	author	Johnny Whyte
And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks	author	Jack Kerouac
And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks	author	William S. Burroughs
The Fourth "R"	author	George O. Smith
Bentley's Miscellany	author	Charles Dickens
Bentley's Miscellany	author	Boz
Bentley's Miscellany	author	William Harrison Ainsworth
Rum Punch	author	Elmore Leonard
The Crystal Cave	author	Mary Stewart
Colony (Rob Grant novel)	author	Rob Grant
By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept	author	Paulo Coelho
The Manual of the Warrior of Light	author	Paulo Coelho
The Pilgrimage	author	Paulo Coelho
The Incredible Tide	author	Alexander Key
Echo Point	author	Pim Hendrix
Echo Point	author	Jason Herbison
Heartbreak High	author	Elizabeth Coleman
Heartbreak High	author	Philip Dalkin
The Shadow (fairy tale)	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Heat and Dust	author	Ruth Prawer Jhabvala
The Indiscreet Jewels	author	Denis Diderot
Roger's Profanisaurus	author	Roger Mellie
Roger's Profanisaurus	author	Chris Donald
Roger's Profanisaurus	author	Simon Donald
The Adventures of Teddy Ruxpin	author	Marry Crawford
The Adventures of Teddy Ruxpin	author	Derek Diorio
Bluey (TV series)	author	Jock Blair
Bluey (TV series)	author	Ian Jones (author)
Bluey (TV series)	author	Vincent Moran
Bluey (TV series)	author	James Wulf Simmonds
Bluey (TV series)	author	Everett De Roche
Bluey (TV series)	author	Robert Caswell
Bluey (TV series)	author	John Drew (writer)
Bluey (TV series)	author	Tom Hegarty
Bluey (TV series)	author	Gregory Lindsay Scott
Bluey (TV series)	author	Gwenda Marsh
Bluey (TV series)	author	Colin Eggleston
Bluey (TV series)	author	David Stevens (writer)
Jarka Ruus	author	Terry Brooks
Tanequil	author	Terry Brooks
Straken	author	Terry Brooks
The Purple Cloud	author	M. P. Shiel
I manegen med Glenn Killing	author	Robert Gustafsson
I manegen med Glenn Killing	author	Jonas Inde
Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm	author	Kate Douglas Wiggin
Flop Show	author	Jaspal Bhatti
Mr. Popper's Penguins (book)	author	Richard and Florence Atwater
Utopia (book)	author	Thomas More
A Nero Wolfe Mystery	author	Lee Goldberg
A Nero Wolfe Mystery	author	William Rabkin
A Nero Wolfe Mystery	author	Stuart M. Kaminsky
A Nero Wolfe Mystery	author	Jennifer Salt
The Ingenuity Gap	author	Thomas Homer-Dixon
Time of the Ghost	author	Diana Wynne Jones
A Tale of Time City	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Joyful Noise: Poems for Two Voices	author	Paul Fleischman
Troll Bridge	author	Terry Pratchett
A Single Shard	author	Linda Sue Park
1990 (TV series)	author	Wilfred Greatorex
Bud, Not Buddy	author	Christopher Paul Curtis
Frank's Place	author	Samm-Art Williams
Frank's Place	author	Hugh Wilson (director)
Police Rescue	author	Christopher Lee (writer)
Police Rescue	author	Debra Oswald
Carry On, Mr. Bowditch	author	Jean Lee Latham
No Longer at Ease	author	Chinua Achebe
From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler	author	E. L. Konigsburg
The Merchant of Death	author	D. J. MacHale
Jacob Have I Loved	author	Katherine Paterson
The Coming of the Quantum Cats	author	Frederik Pohl
The War for Muslim Minds	author	Gilles Kepel
Journals (Cobain)	author	Kurt Cobain
References in On the Road	author	Jack Kerouac
A Kiss Before Dying (novel)	author	Ira Levin
Despair (novel)	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Dealer's Choice (play)	author	Patrick Marber
A Case of Need	author	Michael Crichton
Beetle in the Anthill	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
I'm Not Rappaport	author	Herb Gardner
The Dark Frigate	author	Charles Hawes
Hitty, Her First Hundred Years	author	Rachel Field
Jerico-Jim Crow	author	William Hairston
Jerico-Jim Crow	author	Langston Hughes
Diamond Dogs, Turquoise Days	author	Alastair Reynolds
Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim	author	David Sedaris
Listen, Germany!	author	Thomas Mann
Thirteen Days (book)	author	Robert F. Kennedy
Watcom C/C++ compiler	author	Watcom
Watcom C/C++ compiler	author	Sybase
Watcom C/C++ compiler	author	SciTech Software
I'm Not Who You Think I Am	author	Peg Kehret
Waterless Mountain	author	Laura Adams Armer
Brute Force: Cracking the Data Encryption Standard	author	Matt Curtin
The White Shadow	author	Steven Bochco
The White Shadow	author	Joshua Brand
The White Shadow	author	John Falsey
The White Shadow	author	Gary Kott
The White Shadow	author	John Masius
The White Shadow	author	Bruce Paltrow
Asimov's Mysteries	author	Isaac Asimov
This Week in Baseball	author	Mark Durand
This Week in Baseball	author	James Rogal
This Week in Baseball	author	Jeff Scott
Cock and Bull	author	Will Self
Northwest Passage (novel)	author	Kenneth Roberts (author)
Human Cargo	author	Linda Svendsen
Human Cargo	author	Brian McKeown
The Mind Benders	author	Cyril Vosper
John Henry (musical)	author	Roark Bradford
The Shrinking of Treehorn	author	Florence Parry Heide
Treehorn's Treasure	author	Florence Parry Heide
Prison Memoirs of an Anarchist	author	Alexander Berkman
The Rainmaker (John Grisham)	author	John Grisham
A Medicine for Melancholy	author	Ray Bradbury
The Machineries of Joy	author	Ray Bradbury
A Maze of Death	author	Philip K. Dick
The Parrot's Theorem	author	Denis Guedj
Gladiator (novel)	author	Philip Wylie
A Dead Man in Deptford	author	Anthony Burgess
Runaways (musical)	author	Elizabeth Swados
Waiting for the Barbarians	author	J. M. Coetzee
Difference and Repetition	author	Gilles Deleuze
A Man Without a Country	author	Kurt Vonnegut
SpongeBob SquarePants	author	Steven Banks
SpongeBob SquarePants	author	Luke Brookshier
SpongeBob SquarePants	author	Mr. Lawrence
SpongeBob SquarePants	author	Dani Michaeli
SpongeBob SquarePants	author	Aaron Springer
SpongeBob SquarePants	author	Paul Tibbitt
Stop the World – I Want to Get Off	author	Leslie Bricusse
Stop the World – I Want to Get Off	author	Anthony Newley
Strumpet City	author	James Plunkett
The Door in the Wall	author	Marguerite de Angeli
A Short History of Progress	author	Ronald Wright
Psychomech	author	Brian Lumley
Palace of the White Skunks	author	Reinaldo Arenas
Menaechmi	author	Plautus
Farewell to the Sea	author	Reinaldo Arenas
Poland (novel)	author	James A. Michener
African Adventure	author	Willard Price
Dirty Rotten Scoundrels (musical)	author	Jeffrey Lane
The Hallowed Hunt	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Baker Street (musical)	author	Jerome Coopersmith
Waiting for the Mahatma	author	R. K. Narayan
In the Lake of the Woods	author	Tim O'Brien (author)
The Westing Game	author	Ellen Raskin
Fings Ain't Wot They Used T'Be	author	Frank Norman
Shadow of a Bull	author	Maia Wojciechowska
The Witch of Blackbird Pond	author	Elizabeth George Speare
The Vintage Bradbury	author	Ray Bradbury
Secret of the Andes	author	Ann Nolan Clark
The Good Guys (1968 TV series)	author	Jack Rose (screenwriter)
The Good Guys (1968 TV series)	author	Mel Tolkin
Dusty's Trail	author	Al Schwartz
Dusty's Trail	author	Sherwood Schwartz
Shen of the Sea	author	Arthur Bowie Chrisman
Tuva or Bust!	author	Ralph Leighton
Uncommon Women and Others	author	Wendy Wasserstein
Fiorello!	author	Jerome Weidman
Fiorello!	author	George Abbott
The Trojan War Will Not Take Place	author	Jean Giraudoux
A Woman to Remember	author	John Haggart (writer)
Nuremberg and Vietnam: An American Tragedy	author	Telford Taylor
La Bête humaine	author	Émile Zola
Chu Chin Chow	author	Oscar Asche
Agent to the Stars	author	John Scalzi
Flight 29 Down	author	D. J. MacHale
Coin Locker Babies	author	Ryū Murakami
The Art of Deception	author	Kevin Mitnick
The Art of Deception	author	Steve Wozniak
The Jesus Mysteries	author	Timothy Freke
Seesaw (musical)	author	Michael Bennett
GNU linker	author	GNU Project
The Sundial	author	Shirley Jackson
Uniclass	author	CPIC
The Rise and Fall of the Confederate Government	author	Jefferson Davis
Very Bad Deaths	author	Spider Robinson
The Bing Boys Are Here	author	George Grossmith, Jr.
The Bing Boys Are Here	author	Fred Thompson (writer)
The March (novel)	author	E. L. Doctorow
The Light in the Forest	author	Conrad Richter
The Gadfly	author	Ethel Lilian Voynich
Goldilocks (musical)	author	Jean Kerr
Goldilocks (musical)	author	Walter Kerr
Joseph and His Brothers	author	Thomas Mann
Adam Loveday	author	Kate Tremayne
Ape and Essence	author	Aldous Huxley
The Loveday Fortunes	author	Kate Tremayne
The Loveday Trials	author	Kate Tremayne
The Home and the World	author	Rabindranath Tagore
The Klingon Hamlet	author	William Shakespeare
Such a Long Journey (novel)	author	Rohinton Mistry
Nothing Lasts Forever (1994 novel)	author	Sidney Sheldon
The Sky Is Falling (2001 novel)	author	Sidney Sheldon
Bloodline (Sheldon novel)	author	Sidney Sheldon
If Tomorrow Comes	author	Sidney Sheldon
The Best Laid Plans	author	Sidney Sheldon
Morning, Noon and Night	author	Sidney Sheldon
Commonwealth Saga	author	Peter F. Hamilton
Commonwealth Saga  Judas Unchained   1	author	Peter F. Hamilton
Lexikon der indogermanischen Verben	author	Helmut Rix
Bitesize	author	BBC
Master of the Game	author	Sidney Sheldon
Tom Foolery	author	Cameron Mackintosh
Passage (novel)	author	Connie Willis
The Body Artist	author	Don DeLillo
The Gold Bat	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Tree Bride	author	Bharati Mukherjee
Desirable Daughters	author	Bharati Mukherjee
Leave It to Me (novel)	author	Bharati Mukherjee
The Holder of the World	author	Bharati Mukherjee
Darkness (short stories)	author	Bharati Mukherjee
Wife (novel)	author	Bharati Mukherjee
The Loveday Scandals	author	Kate Tremayne
The Tiger's Daughter	author	Bharati Mukherjee
The Loveday Honour	author	Kate Tremayne
Ride the Wind	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Shadow Patriots	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Last Words: The Final Journals of William S. Burroughs	author	William S. Burroughs
Ghost Warrior	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Tithe: A Modern Faerie Tale	author	Holly Black
The Hollow Hills	author	Mary Stewart
A Hole in Texas	author	Herman Wouk
Manifold: Origin	author	Stephen Baxter
Manifold: Space	author	Stephen Baxter
The Best Awful There Is	author	Carrie Fisher
Mary's Land	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Fearless, A Novel of Sarah Bowman	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Walk in My Soul	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Light a Distant Fire	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Lavender Castle	author	Gerry Anderson
Lavender Castle	author	Chris Bowden
Lavender Castle	author	Pauline Fisk
Lavender Castle	author	Craig Hemmings
Lavender Castle	author	Rodney Matthews
Lavender Castle	author	Chris Trengrove
Interzone (book)	author	William S. Burroughs
Incest: From a Journal of Love	author	Anaïs Nin
The Doors of His Face, The Lamps of His Mouth, and Other Stories	author	Roger Zelazny
Shooting the Past	author	Stephen Poliakoff
The Loveday Pride	author	Kate Tremayne
Unnatural Causes	author	P. D. James
A Winter Haunting	author	Dan Simmons
Mortal Engines Quartet	author	Philip Reeve
The Intelligent Investor	author	Benjamin Graham
Smoky the Cowhorse	author	Will James (artist)
Dobry	author	Monica Shannon
Smike	author	Simon May
Saved (play)	author	Edward Bond
The Devil's Alternative	author	Frederick Forsyth
Beauty World (musical)	author	Michael Chiang
The Shepherd	author	Frederick Forsyth
No Comebacks	author	Frederick Forsyth
Gump and Co.	author	Winston Groom
Exterminator!	author	William S. Burroughs
Harvest Home (novel)	author	Tom Tryon
The Russia House	author	John le Carré
Magic Street	author	Orson Scott Card
Appointment with Venus	author	Jerrard Tickell
Whose Life Is It Anyway?	author	Brian Clark (writer)
The Fourth K	author	Mario Puzo
Placeopedia	author	MySociety
The Ski Bum	author	Romain Gary
Hyperspace (book)	author	Michio Kaku
Anarchism and Other Essays	author	Emma Goldman
The Brothers Lionheart	author	Astrid Lindgren
Gil Blas	author	Alain-René Lesage
Mother Goose in Prose	author	L. Frank Baum
OrCAD	author	Cadence Design Systems
The Nanny Diaries	author	Emma McLaughlin
The Nanny Diaries	author	Nicola Kraus
Into the Labyrinth (TV series)	author	Bob Baker
Into the Labyrinth (TV series)	author	Peter Graham Scott
Into the Labyrinth (TV series)	author	Robert Holmes (scriptwriter)
Into the Labyrinth (TV series)	author	John Lucarotti
Into the Labyrinth (TV series)	author	Andrew Payne
Into the Labyrinth (TV series)	author	Anthony Read
Marmalade Atkins	author	Andrew Davies (writer)
Helena (1950 novel)	author	Evelyn Waugh
The Beauty Myth	author	Naomi Wolf
The Silent Boy	author	Lois Lowry
Alongside Night	author	J. Neil Schulman
Inked	author	Gregg Backer
Inked	author	Jeff Bowler
The Coffin Dancer	author	Jeffery Deaver
The Machine Gunners	author	Robert Westall
The Baker Street Boys	author	Richard Carpenter
The Baker Street Boys	author	Anthony Read
When the Robbers Came to Cardamom Town	author	Thorbjørn Egner
Dangerous Women	author	Reg Watson
Regency Buck	author	Georgette Heyer
The Hunter's Blades Trilogy	author	R. A. Salvatore
Friday's Child (novel)	author	Georgette Heyer
ΜTorrent	author	Ludvig Strigeus
The Traveler (novel)	author	John Twelve Hawks
Dead Fingers Talk	author	William S. Burroughs
Behold the Man	author	Michael Moorcock
Speed of Dark	author	Elizabeth Moon
No Enemy But Time	author	Michael Bishop (author)
Declare	author	Tim Powers
The Never War	author	D. J. MacHale
Infernal Devices (Reeve)	author	Philip Reeve
Imperialism (Hobson)	author	John A. Hobson
Port of Saints	author	William S. Burroughs
Tornado Alley (book)	author	William S. Burroughs
The Screaming Mimi (novel)	author	Fredric Brown
The Satanic Rituals	author	Anton LaVey
Weapons of Choice	author	John Birmingham
The Yage Letters	author	William S. Burroughs
The Yage Letters	author	Allen Ginsberg
Lord Loss	author	Darren Shan
The Last Words of Dutch Schultz	author	William S. Burroughs
An Equal Music	author	Vikram Seth
Predator (novel)	author	Patricia Cornwell
Berenice (short story)	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The Perilous Road	author	William O. Steele
The Monkees: The Day-by-Day Story of the 60s TV Pop Sensation	author	Andrew Sandoval
Hannibal's Children	author	John Maddox Roberts
The Wheel on the School	author	Meindert DeJong
Big Sur (novel)	author	Jack Kerouac
Visions of Gerard	author	Jack Kerouac
Maggie Cassidy	author	Jack Kerouac
Doctor Sax	author	Jack Kerouac
Satori in Paris	author	Jack Kerouac
Pic (novel)	author	Jack Kerouac
City of Pearl	author	Karen Traviss
The Act (musical)	author	George Furth
Title of show	author	Hunter Bell
The Art of Electronics	author	Paul Horowitz
The Art of Electronics	author	Winfield Hill
Tonio Kröger	author	Thomas Mann
A Voyage to Arcturus	author	David Lindsay (novelist)
Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant	author	Anne Tyler
The Fortunate Pilgrim	author	Mario Puzo
Fools Die	author	Mario Puzo
The Sicilian	author	Mario Puzo
A Mule for the Marquesa	author	Frank O'Rourke
Thornyhold	author	Mary Stewart
The Atom Ant/Secret Squirrel Show	author	Tony Benedict
The Atom Ant/Secret Squirrel Show	author	Dalton Sandifer
Between Facts and Norms	author	Jürgen Habermas
Premalekhanam	author	Vaikom Muhammad Basheer
The Palm-Wine Drinkard	author	Amos Tutuola
The Italian Secretary	author	Caleb Carr
The Image (novel)	author	Catherine Robbe-Grillet
Atop an Underwood: Early Stories and Other Writings	author	Jack Kerouac
Orestes (play)	author	Euripides
A Million Little Pieces	author	James Frey
3-2-1 Penguins!	author	Mitch Schauer
3-2-1 Penguins!	author	Tim Hodge
Shuffle Along	author	Flournoy Earkin Miller
Shuffle Along	author	Aubrey Lyles
Tutankhamun and the Daughter of Ra	author	Moyra Caldecott
Redhead (musical)	author	Dorothy Fields
Redhead (musical)	author	Herbert Fields
Redhead (musical)	author	Sidney Sheldon
Redhead (musical)	author	David Shaw
New Girl in Town	author	George Abbott
Science Court	author	Bill Braudis
Science Court	author	David Dockterman
Science Court	author	Tom Snyder (animator)
The Roar of the Greasepaint – The Smell of the Crowd	author	Leslie Bricusse
The Roar of the Greasepaint – The Smell of the Crowd	author	Anthony Newley
Follow That Girl	author	Julian Slade
Gilead (novel)	author	Marilynne Robinson
A Wild Sheep Chase	author	Haruki Murakami
Tenderloin (musical)	author	George Abbott
Tenderloin (musical)	author	Jerome Weidman
The Ringworld Engineers	author	Larry Niven
The Ringworld Throne	author	Larry Niven
I Can Get It for You Wholesale	author	Jerome Weidman
Philosophical Fragments	author	Søren Kierkegaard
No Great Mischief	author	Alistair MacLeod
Strawberry Girl	author	Lois Lenski
Love Soup	author	David Renwick
Topper (TV series)	author	Thorne Smith
Topper (TV series)	author	George Oppenheimer
Topper (TV series)	author	Stephen Sondheim
The Kingdom of the Wicked	author	Anthony Burgess
The Fan Man	author	William Kotzwinkle
The Poky Little Puppy	author	Janette Sebring Lowrey
Pseudolus	author	Plautus
Tarzan and the Super 7	author	Gerry Boudreau
Tarzan and the Super 7	author	Buzz Dixon
Picture This (novel)	author	Joseph Heller
El Castillo Interior	author	Teresa of Ávila
Gub-Gub's Book	author	Hugh Lofting
The Caucasian Chalk Circle	author	Bertolt Brecht
Claudine à l'école	author	Colette
The First Men in the Moon	author	H. G. Wells
Little Boy Blue (novel)	author	Edward Bunker
Read Between the Lies	author	Lori Bryant-Woolridge
Earth and High Heaven	author	Gwethalyn Graham
Warped Passages	author	Lisa Randall
Demon Thief	author	Darren Shan
Mount Dragon	author	Douglas Preston
Mount Dragon	author	Lincoln Child
Mulberry (e-mail client)	author	Cyrus Daboo
Shaping Up	author	Ken Estin
Shaping Up	author	Merrill Markoe
Shaping Up	author	Sam Simon
Faith in the Future	author	Jan Etherington
Faith in the Future	author	Gavin Petrie
Moscow 2042	author	Vladimir Voinovich
Doctor Fischer of Geneva	author	Graham Greene
Meet the Browns (play)	author	Tyler Perry
J R	author	William Gaddis
Tammy (TV series)	author	Robert V. Barron
Tammy (TV series)	author	Cid Ricketts Sumner
Ghost Rider: Travels on the Healing Road	author	Neil Peart
Doctor Who and the Daleks in the Seven Keys to Doomsday	author	Terrance Dicks
The Sceptical Chymist	author	Robert Boyle
Polar Star (novel)	author	Martin Cruz Smith
Red Square (novel)	author	Martin Cruz Smith
Life with Bonnie	author	Bonnie Hunt
Life with Bonnie	author	Don Lake
Life with Bonnie	author	Norma Safford Vela
I Bet You Will	author	Tim Brennan
I Bet You Will	author	Joe DeVito
In the Presence of Mine Enemies	author	Harry Turtledove
Sweet Thursday	author	John Steinbeck
The Death of Grass	author	Samuel Youd
A World of Difference (novel)	author	Harry Turtledove
O Pioneers!	author	Willa Cather
The Hammer of God	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Star Trek: The Next Generation Technical Manual	author	Rick Sternbach
Star Trek: The Next Generation Technical Manual	author	Michael Okuda
Late Show Top Ten List	author	David Letterman
Late Show Top Ten List	author	Late Show with David Letterman
A Year Down Yonder	author	Richard Peck (writer)
Maniac Magee	author	Jerry Spinelli
Luther (play)	author	John Osborne
The Lime Twig	author	John Hawkes (novelist)
Nervous Conditions	author	Tsitsi Dangarembga
The Warden	author	Anthony Trollope
Los Caquitos	author	Roberto Gómez Bolaños
Across the Nightingale Floor	author	Gillian Rubinstein
Grass for His Pillow	author	Gillian Rubinstein
Brilliance of the Moon	author	Gillian Rubinstein
Falling Up (book)	author	Shel Silverstein
Dragoncharm	author	Graham Edwards (writer)
Hippies (TV series)	author	Arthur Mathews (writer)
Deathstalker (novel)	author	Simon R. Green
Junk (novel)	author	Melvin Burgess
Dorothy Vernon of Haddon Hall	author	Charles Major
The Dream Master	author	Roger Zelazny
The Drums of Jeopardy (novel)	author	Harold MacGrath
Betrayal (play)	author	Harold Pinter
Summer of the Swans	author	Betsy Byars
Spiral (novel)	author	Koji Suzuki
Life Against Death: The Psychoanalytical Meaning of History	author	Norman O. Brown
Cast of Shadows	author	Kevin Guilfoile
Why Kings and Queens Don't Wear Crowns	author	Princess Märtha Louise of Norway
Beard's Roman Women	author	Anthony Burgess
The Secret of Mirror Bay	author	Carolyn Keene
The Most Deadly Game	author	Morton S. Fine
The Most Deadly Game	author	Bernard C. Schoenfeld
Bracken's World	author	Dorothy Kingsley
Bracken's World	author	Bethel Leslie
HumorFeed	author	BBspot
HumorFeed	author	Bongo News
HumorFeed	author	Broken Newz
HumorFeed	author	Deadbrain
HumorFeed	author	The Enduring Vision
HumorFeed	author	Glossy News
HumorFeed	author	Hammer (disambiguation)
HumorFeed	author	Perplexing Times
HumorFeed	author	Random Perspective
HumorFeed	author	The Toque
HumorFeed	author	U.S. Press News
Consuelo (novel)	author	George Sand
The Mystery of the Fire Dragon	author	Carolyn Keene
We Will Rock You (musical)	author	Ben Elton
The Simulacra	author	Philip K. Dick
HMS Ulysses (novel)	author	Alistair MacLean
Herr Lehmann	author	Sven Regener
Two Steps from Heaven	author	Mikhail Evstafiev
And Having Writ...	author	Donald R. Bensen
Space Opera (novel)	author	Jack Vance
Coelebs in Search of a Wife	author	Hannah More
Wild Ducks Flying Backward	author	Tom Robbins
Ecce Homo (book)	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
Always Outnumbered, Always Outgunned	author	Walter Mosley
Wanted (TV series)	author	Jorge Zamacona
Yeh Jo Hai Zindagi	author	Sharad Joshi
Stargate literature	author	List of Stargate literature
Not Quite the Diplomat	author	Chris Patten
Zeno's Conscience	author	Italo Svevo
Indian Ink	author	Tom Stoppard
Doctor Who – The Ultimate Adventure	author	Terrance Dicks
Internet Movie Database	author	Col Needham
Shadowmancer	author	Graham Taylor (author)
The Homeward Bounders	author	Diana Wynne Jones
A Darkling Plain	author	Philip Reeve
Commando Cody: Sky Marshal of the Universe	author	Ronald Davidson
Commando Cody: Sky Marshal of the Universe	author	Barry Shipman
The Soddit	author	Adam Roberts (British writer)
Television Without Pity	author	Sarah D. Bunting
The Incredible and Sad Tale of Innocent Eréndira and Her Heartless Grandmother	author	Gabriel García Márquez
The Parsifal Mosaic	author	Robert Ludlum
A Mother's Gift	author	Britney Spears
A Mother's Gift	author	Lynne Spears
Bush on the Couch	author	Bush on the Couch
Vidas Secas	author	Graciliano Ramos
Jersey Boys	author	Marshall Brickman
Jersey Boys	author	Rick Elice
Poppy (musical)	author	Peter Nichols
The Thin Red Line (1962 novel)	author	James Jones (author)
Nor Crystal Tears	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Saracen	author	Robert Shea
The 48 Laws of Power	author	Robert Greene (American author)
The Harafish	author	Naguib Mahfouz
Double Fudge	author	Judy Blume
Dr. Bloodmoney, or How We Got Along After the Bomb	author	Philip K. Dick
Have a Nice Day: A Tale of Blood and Sweatsocks	author	Mick Foley
Foley Is Good	author	Mick Foley
April Morning	author	Howard Fast
The Civil War: A Narrative	author	Shelby Foote
Lennon (musical)	author	Don Scardino
Flyte	author	Angie Sage
The Trials of Nikki Hill	author	Christopher Darden
The Trials of Nikki Hill	author	Dick Lochte
Space Race (TV series)	author	Christopher Spencer (television)
Facing Mount Kenya	author	Jomo Kenyatta
Insect Dreams: The Half Life of Gregor Samsa	author	Marc Estrin
Mary (novel)	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Launchpad (website)	author	Canonical Ltd.
Black Sunday (novel)	author	Thomas Harris
All the Shah's Men	author	Stephen Kinzer
Julie, or the New Heloise	author	Jean-Jacques Rousseau
The Sea (novel)	author	John Banville
Tribes of Redwall Mice	author	Brian Jacques
Tribes of Redwall Badgers	author	Brian Jacques
Off the Rack (TV series)	author	Steve Marshall
Falling Free	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Season of Migration to the North	author	Tayeb Salih
Threshold (novel)	author	David R. Palmer
Ysabel	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
Inkspell	author	Cornelia Funke
The Heaven Makers	author	Frank Herbert
Tom Brown at Oxford	author	Thomas Hughes
Memories of the Ford Administration	author	John Updike
The Cat's Pajamas: Stories	author	Ray Bradbury
Aradia, or the Gospel of the Witches	author	Charles Godfrey Leland
Everything Bad Is Good for You	author	Steven Berlin Johnson
The Clue of the Broken Locket	author	Carolyn Keene
Hop on Pop	author	Dr. Seuss
WordPress.com	author	Automattic
Enemies, a Love Story	author	Isaac Bashevis Singer
Dying of the Light	author	George R. R. Martin
Castle to Castle	author	Louis-Ferdinand Céline
The Fortunes of Nigel	author	Walter Scott
The First Man	author	Albert Camus
The Center of Winter	author	Marya Hornbacher
Locus Solus	author	Raymond Roussel
Galatea 2.2	author	Richard Powers
Peter Duck	author	Arthur Ransome
British National Formulary for Children	author	British Medical Association
British National Formulary for Children	author	Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain
Rock and the Pop Narcotic	author	Joe Carducci
Upcoming	author	Andy Baio
Rats Saw God	author	Rob Thomas (writer)
The Reality Bug	author	D. J. MacHale
Sleeping Beauty (Ross Macdonald novel)	author	Ross Macdonald
The Code of the Woosters	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Nicolae	author	Tim LaHaye
Nicolae	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
Fate Is the Hunter	author	Ernest K. Gann
Airborn	author	Kenneth Oppel
Lizard (short stories)	author	Banana Yoshimoto
The Hippopotamus	author	Stephen Fry
The Way to Rainy Mountain	author	N. Scott Momaday
Billy Elliot the Musical	author	Lee Hall (playwright)
A Redwall Winter's Tale	author	Brian Jacques
The Adventures of Mr. Nicholas Wisdom	author	Ignacy Krasicki
Room Temperature (novel)	author	Nicholson Baker
Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger	author	Noboru Sugimura
Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger	author	Kenichi Araki
Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger	author	Susumu Takaku
Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger	author	Naruhisa Arakawa
Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger	author	Toshiki Inoue
Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger	author	Kyōko Sagiyama
Slow Man	author	J. M. Coetzee
The Lady Tasting Tea	author	David Salsburg
Out All Night	author	Andy Borowitz
Out All Night	author	Devon Shepard
Thea (TV series)	author	Tom Devanney
Thea (TV series)	author	Bernie Kukoff
Thea (TV series)	author	Chris Sheridan (writer)
A Graveyard for Lunatics	author	Ray Bradbury
Misty of Chincoteague	author	Marguerite Henry
Bat Boy: The Musical	author	Keythe Farley
Bat Boy: The Musical	author	Brian Flemming
Jane Eyre (musical)	author	John Caird (director)
The Immigrant (musical)	author	Mark Harelik
The Fourth Estate (novel)	author	Jeffrey Archer
The Age of the Pussyfoot	author	Frederik Pohl
The Penultimate Peril	author	Lemony Snicket
The Silver Mistress	author	Peter O'Donnell
Under the Frog	author	Tibor Fischer
Between the Rivers	author	Harry Turtledove
The Pickup	author	Nadine Gordimer
The Heart of the Serpent	author	Ivan Yefremov
The Tale of Despereaux	author	Kate DiCamillo
The Eagle (novel)	author	Jack Whyte
Stormy Weather (Carl Hiaasen novel)	author	Carl Hiaasen
Fitzpatrick's War	author	Theodore Judson
The Master of Ballantrae	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Looking for Jake	author	China Miéville
Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister	author	Gregory Maguire
A Certain Justice	author	P. D. James
The Autobiography of a Super-Tramp	author	W. H. Davies
The Adventures of Augie March	author	Saul Bellow
Speak, Memory	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Fast Second	author	Paul Geroski
Fast Second	author	Constantinos C. Markides
Veniss Underground	author	Jeff VanderMeer
The Producers (musical)	author	Mel Brooks
The Producers (musical)	author	Thomas Meehan (writer)
The Named	author	Marianne Curley
Beyond Apollo	author	Barry N. Malzberg
The Lake (novel)	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Illusions perdues	author	Honoré de Balzac
Chickenhawk (book)	author	Robert Mason (writer)
Metallica: This Monster Lives	author	Joe Berlinger
The Day of Creation	author	J. G. Ballard
Way of the Peaceful Warrior	author	Dan Millman
Mystery Mile	author	Margery Allingham
OpenStreetMap	author	Steve Coast
The Atlas of the Land	author	Karen Wynn Fonstad
Who? (novel)	author	Algis Budrys
Diva (Odier novel)	author	Daniel Odier
The Ode Less Travelled: Unlocking the Poet Within	author	Stephen Fry
The Strawberry Statement	author	James Simon Kunen
Where the Sidewalk Ends (book)	author	Shel Silverstein
Cat and Mouse (novella)	author	Günter Grass
The Crown of Dalemark	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Breath, Eyes, Memory	author	Edwidge Danticat
Rifles for Watie	author	Harold Keith
Amigas y rivales	author	Alejandro Pohlenz
Ma Rainey's Black Bottom	author	August Wilson
Edgar & Ellen	author	Charles Ogden (children's writer)
Three Junes	author	Julia Glass
The Magic Labyrinth	author	Philip José Farmer
Secret Agent of Terra	author	John Brunner (novelist)
The Vietnamese Gulag	author	Doan Van Toai
The Vietnamese Gulag	author	Michel Voirol
The Vietnamese Gulag  1st English translation   1	author	Doan Van Toai
The Vietnamese Gulag  1st English translation   1	author	David Chanoff
Gods of Riverworld	author	Philip José Farmer
The Telling	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The Death and Life of Great American Cities	author	Jane Jacobs
Daniel Martin (novel)	author	John Fowles
Canterbury Tales (musical)	author	Martin Starkie
Canterbury Tales (musical)	author	Nevill Coghill
Annie's Baby	author	Anonymous work
The Alphabet of Manliness	author	Maddox (writer)
Forbidden Colors	author	Yukio Mishima
The Game: Penetrating the Secret Society of Pickup Artists	author	Neil Strauss
Iceberg (novel)	author	Clive Cussler
My Life in the Bush of Ghosts (novel)	author	Amos Tutuola
William the Lawless	author	Richmal Crompton
The Ivory Trail	author	Victor Kelleher
Harry Hill's TV Burp	author	Harry Hill
A Memory of Light	author	Robert Jordan
The Aspern Papers	author	Henry James
Magyk	author	Angie Sage
Bee Season	author	Myla Goldberg
East Side/West Side	author	Robert Alan Aurthur
East Side/West Side	author	Millard Lampell
The Collected Short Fiction of C. J. Cherryh	author	C. J. Cherryh
Designated Targets	author	John Birmingham
Michelle Remembers	author	Lawrence Pazder
Colossus (novel)	author	Dennis Feltham Jones
Blubber (novel)	author	Judy Blume
New Oxford Book of Carols	author	Hugh Keyte
New Oxford Book of Carols	author	Andrew Parrott
The Great God Pan	author	Arthur Machen
The Golden Apple (musical)	author	John La Touche (musician)
De Legibus	author	Cicero
Let It Ride (musical)	author	Abram S. Ginnes
Malone Dies	author	Samuel Beckett
One for the Road (Harold Pinter play)	author	Harold Pinter
Jobs.ac.uk	author	University of Warwick
Kosala (novel)	author	Bhalchandra Nemade
The Scorpio Illusion	author	Robert Ludlum
My Life in Film	author	Mark Chappell
The Hot Mikado (1939 production)	author	Mike Todd
The Office (UK TV series)	author	Ricky Gervais
The Office (UK TV series)	author	Stephen Merchant
A Dozen Tough Jobs	author	Howard Waldrop
Blood Follows	author	Steven Erikson
The Confidential Agent	author	Graham Greene
Brisingr	author	Christopher Paolini
Captain Underpants and the Attack of the Talking Toilets	author	Dav Pilkey
Captain Underpants and the Invasion of the Incredibly Naughty Cafeteria Ladies from Outer Space (and the Subsequent Assault of the Equally Evil Lunchroom Zombie Nerds)	author	Dav Pilkey
Captain Underpants and the Perilous Plot of Professor Poopypants	author	Dav Pilkey
Captain Underpants and the Wrath of the Wicked Wedgie Woman	author	Dav Pilkey
Captain Underpants and the Big, Bad Battle of the Bionic Booger Boy	author	Dav Pilkey
Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers	author	Mary Roach
Quarantine (Jim Crace novel)	author	Jim Crace
Galax-Arena	author	Gillian Rubinstein
City Life (TV series)	author	Maxine Fleming
City Life (TV series)	author	James Griffin
The Hill of Dreams	author	Arthur Machen
Butterfly Economics	author	Paul Ormerod
The History of Henry Esmond	author	William Makepeace Thackeray
The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer	author	Mike Benson (screenwriter)
Open Library	author	Aaron Swartz
Outlander (novel)	author	Diana Gabaldon
Zia (novel)	author	Scott O'Dell
On Heroes and Tombs	author	Ernesto Sabato
Grimm's Fairy Tales	author	Jacob Grimm
Grimm's Fairy Tales	author	Wilhelm Grimm
The Moneypenny Diaries: Guardian Angel	author	Samantha Weinberg
Marmadesam	author	Indra Soundar Rajan
Romulus, My Father	author	Raimond Gaita
The Women of Brewster Place (TV miniseries)	author	Gloria Naylor
The Women of Brewster Place (TV miniseries)	author	Karen Hall
Juiced: Wild Times, Rampant 'Roids, Smash Hits & How Baseball Got Big	author	Jose Canseco
The Sheep-Pig	author	Dick King-Smith
Pacific Palisades (TV series)	author	Heather Conkie
Pacific Palisades (TV series)	author	Lynn Marie Latham
Pacific Palisades (TV series)	author	Diane Messina Stanley
Pacific Palisades (TV series)	author	James Stanley (writer)
I Capture the Castle	author	Dodie Smith
Trojan Odyssey	author	Clive Cussler
Acidity (novelette)	author	Nadeem F. Paracha
Wired (book)	author	Bob Woodward
Little Boy Lost (novel)	author	Marghanita Laski
When Genius Failed: The Rise and Fall of Long-Term Capital Management	author	Roger Lowenstein
The Seven Lady Godivas	author	Dr. Seuss
Bartholomew and the Oobleck	author	Dr. Seuss
Scrambled Eggs Super!	author	Dr. Seuss
The King's Stilts	author	Dr. Seuss
If I Ran the Circus	author	Dr. Seuss
Happy Birthday to You!	author	Dr. Seuss
One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish	author	Dr. Seuss
Dr. Seuss's Sleep Book	author	Dr. Seuss
I Had Trouble in Getting to Solla Sollew	author	Dr. Seuss
You're Only Old Once!	author	Dr. Seuss
Daisy-Head Mayzie	author	Dr. Seuss
The Counterplot	author	Hope Mirrlees
Kong: The Animated Series	author	Merian C. Cooper
Kong: The Animated Series	author	Randy Littlejohn
Auschwitz and After	author	Charlotte Delbo
Le Juif errant	author	Eugène Sue
The Adventures of Hyperman	author	Cliff MacGillivray
Summerland (novel)	author	Michael Chabon
Liberty Street	author	William Flaherty
Liberty Street	author	Jackie May
Liocracy	author	Alex Ganetakos
Carnival!	author	Michael Stewart (playwright)
The Beast Within (novel)	author	Edward Levy
The Whispering Statue	author	Carolyn Keene
Arthur Mervyn	author	Charles Brockden Brown
Wire in the Blood	author	Val McDermid
On Paradise Drive: How We Live Now (And Always Have) in the Future Tense	author	David Brooks (journalist)
The Live Mike	author	Dermot Morgan
Tolka Row	author	Maura Laverty
Felix Holt, the Radical	author	George Eliot
War Game (novel)	author	Michael Foreman (author/illustrator)
Herland (novel)	author	Charlotte Perkins Gilman
Dogsong	author	Gary Paulsen
Alta Vendita	author	Carbonari
The Truth (With Jokes)	author	Al Franken
The Corner: A Year in the Life of an Inner-City Neighborhood	author	David Simon
The Corner: A Year in the Life of an Inner-City Neighborhood	author	Ed Burns
The Crime at Black Dudley	author	Margery Allingham
Gideon's Crossing	author	Paul Attanasio
Gideon's Crossing	author	Samantha Howard Corbin
Mahomet (play)	author	Voltaire
Doc Savage: His Apocalyptic Life	author	Philip José Farmer
The Merlin Conspiracy	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Ambler Warning	author	Robert Ludlum
The Apocalypse Watch	author	Robert Ludlum
The Janson Directive	author	Robert Ludlum
When We Were Orphans	author	Kazuo Ishiguro
Hover Car Racer	author	Matthew Reilly
The Educated Mind	author	Kieran Egan (educationist)
The African (essay)	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
The Brightonomicon	author	Robert Rankin
Hangover Square	author	Patrick Hamilton (writer)
Blogcritics	author	Eric Olsen
PS, I Love You	author	Cecelia Ahern
Tunnels of Blood	author	Darren Shan
You're On!	author	Phil Moore (actor)
The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle	author	Avi (author)
Windows Live	author	Microsoft
Mathilukal	author	Vaikom Muhammad Basheer
Direct Descent	author	Frank Herbert
The Stones of Venice (book)	author	John Ruskin
The Aquitaine Progression	author	Robert Ludlum
Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature	author	Richard Rorty
Richter 10	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Richter 10	author	Mike McQuay
The Enemy of My Enemy	author	George Michael (professor)
Tommy's Tale	author	Alan Cumming
The Kandy-Kolored Tangerine-Flake Streamline Baby	author	Tom Wolfe
The Outsider (Wright novel)	author	Richard Wright (author)
Bay City Blues	author	Steven Bochco
Bay City Blues	author	David Israel
Bay City Blues	author	David Milch
Bay City Blues	author	Thad Mumford
Bay City Blues	author	Joel Surnow
Castles Made of Sand (novel)	author	Gwyneth Jones (novelist)
Cowl (novel)	author	Neal Asher
Arch of Triumph (novel)	author	Erich Maria Remarque
More Flanimals	author	Ricky Gervais
Battlestars (game show)	author	Bob Logan (film director)
Cancer Ward	author	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
A Curtain of Green	author	Eudora Welty
The Tolkien Reader	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
In His Steps	author	Charles Sheldon
Black Edelweiss	author	Johann Voss
Frog and Toad	author	Arnold Lobel
A Restatement of the History of Islam and Muslims	author	A Restatement of the History of Islam and Muslims
Princess Pearl	author	Chiung Yao
Under Cover (TV series)	author	Frank Snepp
The Pirate Queen	author	Alain Boublil
The Pirate Queen	author	Claude-Michel Schönberg
The Pirate Queen	author	Richard Maltby, Jr.
Flash Forward	author	Robert C. Cooper
Flash Forward	author	Sheri Elwood
Flash Forward	author	Dennis Foon
Flash Forward	author	Allan Novak
Molon Labe!	author	Kenneth W. Royce
Midnight Lamp	author	Gwyneth Jones (novelist)
Band of Gypsys (novel)	author	Gwyneth Jones (novelist)
The Big Nowhere	author	James Ellroy
Wodehouse Playhouse	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Wodehouse Playhouse	author	David Climie
Capital News	author	David Milch
Capital News	author	John Tinker (producer)
Capital News	author	Christian Williams
Jarhead (book)	author	Anthony Swofford
The Secret Texts	author	Holly Lisle
The Secret Texts  Vengeance of Dragons   1	author	Holly Lisle
The Secret Texts  Courage of Falcons   1	author	Holly Lisle
The Chosen (Pinto novel)	author	Ricardo Pinto
The Standing Dead	author	Ricardo Pinto
The Apprentice (Libby novel)	author	Scooter Libby
The Adulteress (novel)	author	Norah E. Dunn
An Old-Fashioned Girl	author	Louisa May Alcott
Stargirl (novel)	author	Jerry Spinelli
The Times Atlas of World History	author	Geoffrey Barraclough
The Times Atlas of World History  The Times Complete History of the World Eighth Edi  1	author	Richard Overy
Stolen Lives: Twenty Years in a Desert Jail	author	Malika Oufkir
Fattypuffs and Thinifers	author	André Maurois
Invitation to a Beheading	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Julian (historical novel)	author	Gore Vidal
A Question of Upbringing	author	Anthony Powell
Oil!	author	Upton Sinclair
The Amulet of Samarkand	author	Jonathan Stroud
Eye in the Sky (novel)	author	Philip K. Dick
A Planet for the President	author	Alistair Beaton
Abeng	author	Michelle Cliff
Dispatches (book)	author	Michael Herr
Elisabeth (musical)	author	Michael Kunze
It's Not the End of the World	author	Judy Blume
Navy Log	author	David E. Durston
Navy Log	author	William N. Robson
The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus	author	L. Frank Baum
Aunt Phillis's Cabin	author	Seth and Mary Eastman#Mary Henderson
The People of Sparks	author	Jeanne DuPrau
The Secret Sharer	author	Joseph Conrad
The Spellcoats	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Crossfire (novel)	author	Miyuki Miyabe
Lud-in-the-Mist	author	Hope Mirrlees
Black Projects, White Knights	author	Kage Baker
The History of the Saracens	author	Simon Ockley
A Stranger Is Watching	author	Mary Higgins Clark
A Memory of Murder	author	Ray Bradbury
The Nitrogen Fix	author	Hal Clement
Tea from an Empty Cup	author	Pat Cadigan
The Forgotten Realms Atlas	author	Karen Wynn Fonstad
The Technicolor Time Machine	author	Harry Harrison
In the Company of Heroes	author	Michael Durant
In the Company of Heroes	author	Steven Hartov
In the Company of Heroes	author	Mark Bowden
Higher Education (novel)	author	Charles Sheffield
Higher Education (novel)	author	Jerry Pournelle
The Chessmen of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Varjak Paw	author	S. F. Said
Rabbit Redux	author	John Updike
High Society (novel)	author	Ben Elton
Santorini (novel)	author	Alistair MacLean
Two Trains Running	author	August Wilson
The Dark (Curley novel)	author	Marianne Curley
Unlimited Power	author	Tony Robbins
Nine (musical)	author	Arthur Kopit
The Last Ship	author	William Brinkley
The Neverending Story (TV series)	author	Michael Ende
The Deer and the Cauldron	author	Jin Yong
Seven Ancient Wonders	author	Matthew Reilly
The Golem's Eye	author	Jonathan Stroud
Ptolemy's Gate	author	Jonathan Stroud
The Land of Mist	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Greatest Salesman in the World	author	Og Mandino
Daughter of the Lioness	author	Tamora Pierce
Daughter of the Lioness  Trickster's Queen   1	author	Tamora Pierce
Mandingo (novel)	author	Kyle Onstott
All Families Are Psychotic	author	Douglas Coupland
The Strangerers	author	Rob Grant
Expanded Universe (Heinlein)	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Scapegoat (novel)	author	Daphne du Maurier
Market Wizards	author	Jack D. Schwager
No Country for Old Men	author	Cormac McCarthy
Trials of Death	author	Darre\billnye
Soul Harvest	author	Tim LaHaye
Soul Harvest	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
The Long Revolution	author	Raymond Williams
Assassins (LaHaye novel)	author	Tim LaHaye
Assassins (LaHaye novel)	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
The Indwelling	author	Tim LaHaye
The Indwelling	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
The Mark (novel)	author	Tim LaHaye
The Mark (novel)	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
The Remnant (LaHaye novel)	author	Tim LaHaye
The Remnant (LaHaye novel)	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
Armageddon (novel)	author	Tim LaHaye
Armageddon (novel)	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
Glorious Appearing	author	Tim LaHaye
Glorious Appearing	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
The Rising (LaHaye novel)	author	Tim LaHaye
The Rising (LaHaye novel)	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
The Rapture (novel)	author	Tim LaHaye
The Rapture (novel)	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
Waterland (novel)	author	Graham Swift
Dangling Man	author	Saul Bellow
With the Old Breed	author	Eugene Sledge
The Tracy Morgan Show	author	David M. Israel
The Tracy Morgan Show	author	Steve Joe
The Tracy Morgan Show	author	Bob Kushell
The Tracy Morgan Show	author	Sally Lapiduss
The Tracy Morgan Show	author	Tracy Morgan
The Tracy Morgan Show	author	Greg Schaffer
The Rolling Stone Album Guide	author	Dave Marsh
The Rolling Stone Album Guide  The New Rolling Stone Record Guide   1	author	Dave Marsh
The Rolling Stone Album Guide    1	author	Anthony DeCurtis
The Rolling Stone Album Guide  The New Rolling Stone Album Guide   1	author	Nathan Brackett
The Deceiver (novel)	author	Frederick Forsyth
Janmadinam	author	Vaikom Muhammad Basheer
Mrs. Spring Fragrance	author	Sui Sin Far
Security Analysis (book)	author	Benjamin Graham
The Victim (novel)	author	Saul Bellow
Cutter to Houston	author	Sandor Stern
Double or Die	author	Charlie Higson
The American Pageant	author	David M. Kennedy (historian)
The American Pageant	author	Lizabeth Cohen
The American Pageant	author	Thomas A. Bailey
Evening's Empire	author	David Herter
Rosalinda (telenovela)	author	Carlos Romero
Rosalinda (telenovela)	author	Kari Fajer
Rosalinda (telenovela)	author	Liliana Abud
Rosalinda (telenovela)	author	Dolores Ortega
The Truth About Diamonds	author	Nicole Richie
The Calcutta Quran Petition	author	Sita Ram Goel
The Calcutta Quran Petition	author	The Calcutta Quran Petition
The Story of Islamic Imperialism in India	author	Sita Ram Goel
Craft Corner Deathmatch	author	Aaron Bergeron
Craft Corner Deathmatch	author	Scott Prendergast
Roseanna	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
The World According to Clarkson	author	Jeremy Clarkson
Lame Ducks (TV series)	author	Peter Hammond
The Enchanted Castle	author	E. Nesbit
The O'Keefes	author	Kevin Murphy (screenwriter)
The O'Keefes	author	Mark O'Keefe
La Débâcle	author	Émile Zola
Invasion (1997 novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Operation Chaos (novel)	author	Poul Anderson
The Phoenician Women	author	Euripides
Monster Nation (novel)	author	David Wellington (author)
The Beachcomber (TV series)	author	Robert Sabaroff
The Confusions of Young Törless	author	Robert Musil
Monster Island (novel)	author	David Wellington (author)
Murder in the Mews	author	Agatha Christie
The Children of the Company	author	Kage Baker
Shohola Falls	author	Michael Pearson (author)
Raag Darbari (novel)	author	Sri Lal Sukla
HTML Tidy	author	Dave Raggett
Hello, Larry	author	George Tibbles
The Last Night of Ballyhoo	author	Alfred Uhry
La cuisine en dix minutes	author	Edouard de Pomiane
Majma al-Zawa'id	author	Ali ibn Abu Bakr al-Haythami
Drawing Blood	author	Poppy Z. Brite
The Virtue of Selfishness	author	Ayn Rand
Ten Nights of Dreams	author	Natsume Sōseki
Just for Kicks (TV series)	author	Matt Dearborn
Just for Kicks (TV series)	author	Sean McNamara (director)
Myron (novel)	author	Gore Vidal
Dragonfly in Amber	author	Diana Gabaldon
Muhammad: A Biography of the Prophet	author	Karen Armstrong
Hart's Hope	author	Orson Scott Card
Taran Wanderer	author	Lloyd Alexander
The Castle of Llyr	author	Lloyd Alexander
The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man	author	James Weldon Johnson
The Lovers (TV series)	author	Jack Rosenthal
The Lovers (TV series)	author	Geoffrey Lancashire
The Wizard (TV series)	author	Michael Berk
The Wizard (TV series)	author	Douglas Schwartz
Hot Sleep	author	Orson Scott Card
The Mysteries of Udolpho	author	Ann Radcliffe
Tanhaiyaan	author	Haseena Moin
The Phantom of Manhattan	author	Frederick Forsyth
A Fairy Tale of New York	author	J. P. Donleavy
Moldovan-Romanian dictionary	author	Vasile Stati
A Break with Charity	author	Ann Rinaldi
The Secret People	author	John Wyndham
L'Œuvre	author	Émile Zola
The Bible Unearthed	author	Israel Finkelstein
The Bible Unearthed	author	Neil Asher Silberman
Wm2	author	Chris Cannam
Beyond Civilization	author	Daniel Quinn
Race: The Reality of Human Difference	author	Vincent Sarich
Race: The Reality of Human Difference	author	Frank Miele
Class Reunion (1928 novel)	author	Franz Werfel
South Central (TV series)	author	Mara Brock Akil
South Central (TV series)	author	Gina Prince-Bythewood
South Central (TV series)	author	Michael J. Weithorn
Woops!	author	Richard Day (writer)
Woops!	author	Gary Jacobs (writer)
Woops!	author	Tim Maile and Douglas Tuber
Woops!	author	Tim Maile and Douglas Tuber
Hunter's Moon	author	Garry Kilworth
River of Eternity	author	Philip José Farmer
Pocoyo	author	Guillermo García Carsí
Bleak House (2005 TV serial)	author	Charles Dickens
Bleak House (2005 TV serial)	author	Andrew Davies (writer)
The Staircase (novel)	author	Ann Rinaldi
The Emperor Wears No Clothes	author	Jack Herer
The Straight Mind and Other Essays	author	Monique Wittig
Black Easter	author	James Blish
Darwin's Radio	author	Greg Bear
A Glimpse of Tiger	author	Herman Raucher
The Year of Magical Thinking	author	Joan Didion
The Master Mind of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Wayne Manifesto	author	David McRobbie
Pushing Ice	author	Alastair Reynolds
Gamiani	author	Alfred de Musset
Tales from Silver Lands	author	Charles Finger
Thimble Summer	author	Elizabeth Enright
The Recognitions	author	William Gaddis
Tomorrow series	author	John Marsden (writer)
A Dark Night's Passing	author	Naoya Shiga
Palm Sunday (book)	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Fates Worse Than Death	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Robur the Conqueror	author	Jules Verne
The Planter's Northern Bride	author	Caroline Lee Hentz
Canary in a Cathouse	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Deenie	author	Judy Blume
Belinda (Rice novel)	author	Anne Rice
A Dweller on Two Planets	author	Frederick S. Oliver
In Search of a Concrete Music	author	Pierre Schaeffer
A Day with Wilbur Robinson	author	William Joyce (writer)
The Man Who Went Up in Smoke	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
The Book of Three	author	Lloyd Alexander
LwIP	author	Adam Dunkels
Auriol (novel)	author	William Harrison Ainsworth
JPod	author	Douglas Coupland
Oregon Blue Book	author	Oregon Secretary of State
Lord Foul's Bane	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
The Hamlet	author	William Faulkner
Moscow-Petushki	author	Venedict Yerofeyev
What a Piece of Work I Am	author	Eric Kraft
A Complicated Kindness	author	Miriam Toews
The Slave Dancer	author	Paula Fox
Baal (play)	author	Bertolt Brecht
The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 13¾	author	Sue Townsend
London Labour and the London Poor	author	Henry Mayhew
Kydd	author	Julian Stockwin
Mistress of Mistresses	author	Eric Rücker Eddison
A Fish Dinner in Memison	author	Eric Rücker Eddison
The Day Britain Stopped	author	Simon Finch
The Day Britain Stopped	author	Gabriel Range
The Mezentian Gate	author	Eric Rücker Eddison
Snoops (1989 TV series)	author	Sam Egan
Snoops (1989 TV series)	author	Joe Menosky
The Normal Heart	author	Larry Kramer
Retrocrush	author	Robert Berry (webmaster)
Kailashey Kelenkari (novel)	author	Satyajit Ray
Royal Bengal Rahashya	author	Satyajit Ray
Blackout (game show)	author	Jay Wolpert
World Digital Library	author	Library of Congress
Deathbird Stories	author	Harlan Ellison
WIOU (TV series)	author	John Eisendrath
Daggerspell	author	Katharine Kerr
Moses and Monotheism	author	Sigmund Freud
Toonsylvania	author	Bill Kopp
Toonsylvania	author	Mike Peters (cartoonist)
Toonsylvania	author	Chris Otsuki
Toonsylvania	author	Vinny Montello
Toonsylvania	author	Steve Ochs
Toonsylvania	author	Martin Olson
Ligeia	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Looking Back (book)	author	Lois Lowry
The Rats of Hamelin	author	Adam McCune
Five Point Someone – What not to do at IIT!	author	Chetan Bhagat
The Lady in the Morgue	author	Jonathan Latimer
The Tenth Man (novel)	author	Graham Greene
A Matter of Honour	author	Jeffrey Archer
Flush (novel)	author	Carl Hiaasen
Sword at Sunset	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
The Silver Branch (Sutcliff novel)	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
The Rivers of Zadaa	author	D. J. MacHale
Moonchild (novel)	author	Aleister Crowley
The Lion King (musical)	author	Roger Allers
The Lion King (musical)	author	Irene Mecchi
The Wright 3	author	Blue Balliett
Google Translate	author	Google
The Professor, the Banker, and the Suicide King	author	The Professor, the Banker, and the Suicide King
Prince of Foxes	author	Samuel Shellabarger
Call It Courage	author	Armstrong Sperry
Call It Courage  The Wonderful World of Disney: Call it Courage   1	author	Armstrong Sperry
1491: New Revelations of the Americas Before Columbus	author	Charles C. Mann
Kijiji	author	EBay
His Family	author	Ernest Poole
Gulliver's Travels (TV miniseries)	author	Simon Moore (writer)
Gulliver's Travels (TV miniseries)	author	Jonathan Swift
I Led Three Lives	author	Gene Roddenberry
Voss (novel)	author	Patrick White
Variable Star	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Baby (musical)	author	Sybille Pearson
Lord of the Shadows	author	Darren Shan
The Alto Wore Tweed	author	Mark Schweizer
The Baritone Wore Chiffon	author	Mark Schweizer
The Tenor Wore Tapshoes	author	Mark Schweizer
Dirt Music	author	Tim Winton
The Island on Bird Street	author	Uri Orlev
The Brief and Frightening Reign of Phil	author	George Saunders
To the Last Man	author	Jeffrey Shaara
Cryptid Hunters	author	Roland Smith
Drowned Wednesday	author	Garth Nix
Foxbusters	author	David Max Freedman
Foxbusters	author	Alan Gilbey
Foxbusters	author	Joel Jessup
The Spook's Apprentice	author	Joseph Delaney
Ice (Johnson novel)	author	Shane Johnson (author)
The Ferguson Rifle	author	Louis L'Amour
The Witches of Karres	author	James H. Schmitz
Arthur! and the Square Knights of the Round Table	author	Alex Buzo
Arthur! and the Square Knights of the Round Table	author	Rod Hull
Hardcore Zen	author	Brad Warner
How Hedley Hopkins Did a Dare...	author	Paul Jennings (Australian author)
The Boy Who Followed Ripley	author	Patricia Highsmith
Halfway Across the Galaxy and Turn Left	author	Robin Klein
At All Costs	author	David Weber
The Light Bearer	author	Donna Gillespie
The Damnation of Theron Ware	author	Harold Frederic
The Last Basselope	author	Berkeley Breathed
Arthur & George	author	Julian Barnes
Lady Friday	author	Garth Nix
The Man on the Balcony	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
Night Probe!	author	Clive Cussler
Dragonquest	author	Anne McCaffrey
All the Weyrs of Pern	author	Anne McCaffrey
Pandora Radio	author	Music Genome Project
The Battle of Dorking	author	George Tomkyns Chesney
The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters	author	Robert Lewis Taylor
The Realm of Possibility (novel)	author	David Levithan
Miss Wyoming (novel)	author	Douglas Coupland
Kinderseele	author	Hermann Hesse
PVCS	author	Polytron (software)
Believe What You Like	author	C. R. Hewitt
A Hazard of New Fortunes	author	William Dean Howells
Posh Nosh	author	Jon Canter
Posh Nosh	author	Arabella Weir
No Promises in the Wind	author	Irene Hunt
GamePolitics.com	author	GamePolitics.com
Baby, I'm Back	author	David Garber
Baby, I'm Back	author	April Kelly
Burning Tower	author	Larry Niven
Burning Tower	author	Jerry Pournelle
The Future of an Illusion	author	Sigmund Freud
Warday	author	Whitley Strieber
Warday	author	James Kunetka
Filumena Marturano	author	Eduardo De Filippo
Die Judenbuche	author	Annette von Droste-Hülshoff
The Invention of Solitude	author	Paul Auster
The Black Swan (Lackey novel)	author	Mercedes Lackey
Gollum browser	author	Harald Hanek
Backup Exec	author	Maynard Electronics
Paris (1928 musical)	author	Martin Brown (writer)
A Dog Called Demolition	author	Robert Rankin
Grand Canyon: A Different View	author	Tom Vail
Signal to Noise (novel)	author	Eric Nylund
The Yacoubian Building	author	Alaa Al Aswany
Prentice Alvin	author	Orson Scott Card
Platypus Man	author	Barry Fanaro
Platypus Man	author	Richard Jeni
Platypus Man	author	Mort Nathan
Platypus Man	author	Gail Parent
Jock of the Bushveld	author	James Percy FitzPatrick
The Assistant (novel)	author	Bernard Malamud
The Spiral Dance	author	Starhawk
Goodbye to Berlin	author	Christopher Isherwood
The Berlin Stories	author	Christopher Isherwood
Pet Peeve (Xanth)	author	Piers Anthony
Scientologie, Wissenschaft von der Beschaffenheit und der Tauglichkeit des Wissens	author	Anastasius Nordenholz
The Golden Notebook	author	Doris Lessing
Sharpe's Havoc	author	Bernard Cornwell
Let the Circle Be Unbroken	author	Mildred D. Taylor
Westmark (novel)	author	Lloyd Alexander
The Hollow Man (1935 novel)	author	John Dickson Carr
Gaston de Blondeville	author	Ann Radcliffe
The Man Who Loved Children	author	Christina Stead
Play It as It Lays	author	Joan Didion
The Sportswriter	author	Richard Ford
Future Evolution	author	Peter Ward (paleontologist)
Rally Cry	author	William R. Forstchen
The Simoqin Prophecies	author	Samit Basu
The Manticore's Secret	author	Samit Basu
Sword Stained with Royal Blood	author	Jin Yong
Jamaica Inn (novel)	author	Daphne du Maurier
Forty-five Minutes from Broadway	author	George M. Cohan
The Dawning Light	author	Robert Silverberg
The Dawning Light	author	Randall Garrett
Summer of My German Soldier	author	Bette Greene
A Word Child	author	Iris Murdoch
Operating Manual for Spaceship Earth	author	Buckminster Fuller
No god but God	author	Reza Aslan
Working (musical)	author	Stephen Schwartz (composer)
Piel de otoño	author	Liliana Abud
The Final Solution (novel)	author	Michael Chabon
Werewolves in Their Youth	author	Michael Chabon
Fifty Degrees Below	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Rhesus (play)	author	Euripides
Funky Squad	author	Santo Cilauro
Funky Squad	author	Tom Gleisner
Funky Squad	author	Jane Kennedy (actor)
Flyboys: A True Story of Courage	author	Shlok Sharma (author)
Life and Fate	author	Vasily Grossman
Unearthed Arcana	author	Gary Gygax
Unearthed Arcana  , 3rd edition   1	author	Andy Collins (game designer)
Unearthed Arcana  , 3rd edition   1	author	David Noonan (game designer)
Heavy Weather (novel)	author	P. G. Wodehouse
After Many a Summer	author	Aldous Huxley
W, or the Memory of Childhood	author	Georges Perec
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories	author	Lin Carter
Gypsy Rizka	author	Lloyd Alexander
The Fifty Year Sword	author	Mark Z. Danielewski
Flight of Eagles	author	Jack Higgins
The Kestrel	author	Lloyd Alexander
Voyager (novel)	author	Diana Gabaldon
Drums of Autumn	author	Diana Gabaldon
The Fiery Cross (novel)	author	Diana Gabaldon
A Breath of Snow and Ashes	author	Diana Gabaldon
Epistulae morales ad Lucilium	author	Seneca the Younger
A Tramp Abroad	author	Mark Twain
The American Scene	author	Henry James
Plowing the Dark	author	Richard Powers
Nightmares in the Sky	author	Stephen King
Dark Watch	author	Clive Cussler
Dark Watch	author	Jack Du Brul
The Red Shoes (musical)	author	Marsha Norman
A Strange Manuscript Found in a Copper Cylinder	author	James De Mille
The Laughing Policeman (novel)	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
Autumn Term	author	Antonia Forest
The Marlows and the Traitor	author	Antonia Forest
Falconer's Lure	author	Antonia Forest
Seaway (TV series)	author	Ian McLellan Hunter
Seaway (TV series)	author	Abraham Polonsky
Saint Leibowitz and the Wild Horse Woman	author	Walter M. Miller, Jr.
Saint Leibowitz and the Wild Horse Woman	author	Terry Bisson
Let 'Em Eat Cake	author	George S. Kaufman
End of Term	author	Antonia Forest
The Restraint of Beasts	author	Magnus Mills
The Suppliants (Aeschylus)	author	Aeschylus
Transcendent (novel)	author	Stephen Baxter
The Suppliants (Euripides)	author	Euripides
Crispin: The Cross of Lead	author	Avi (author)
Firestorm (novel)	author	David Sherman
A World of Hurt	author	David Sherman
Onslaught (novel)	author	David Sherman
Gulf Run	author	David Sherman
Herakles' Children	author	Euripides
Fuddy Meers	author	David Lindsay-Abaire
Star Quest	author	Dean Koontz
Outside Providence	author	Peter Farrelly
Mad in America	author	Robert Whitaker (author)
Into the Land of the Unicorns	author	Bruce Coville
The Great War in England in 1897	author	William Le Queux
Lessons of the Masters	author	George Steiner
Illusions (Bach novel)	author	Richard Bach
The Hermaphrodite	author	Julia Ward Howe
Master of the World (novel)	author	Jules Verne
The Snow Papers	author	Richard Smart (author)
The It Girl (novel)	author	Cecily von Ziegesar
Abel's Island	author	William Steig
The Making of Star Wars	author	Richard Schickel
MSN Shopping	author	MSN
MSN Shopping	author	Microsoft
The Phish Companion	author	Mockingbird Foundation
Espionage (TV series)	author	David Greene (director)
Espionage (TV series)	author	Ernest Kinoy
Inside Islam: A Guide for Catholics	author	Daniel Ali
From a Bird's Eye View	author	John Singer
From a Bird's Eye View	author	John Warren
The Mint (book)	author	T. E. Lawrence
Buried Child	author	Sam Shepard
Mansfield Park	author	Jane Austen
Sahara (novel)	author	Clive Cussler
The World's Desire	author	H. Rider Haggard
The World's Desire	author	Andrew Lang
Ion (play)	author	Euripides
The Wedding (Steel novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Po-ca-hon-tas, or The Gentle Savage	author	John Brougham
Chthon (novel)	author	Piers Anthony
Steel Bank Common Lisp	author	CMU Common Lisp
21st Century Game Design	author	Chris Bateman
I Married Dora	author	Michael J. Leeson
Vendetta for the Saint	author	Harry Harrison
Vendetta for the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
The Valley of the Lost	author	Jennifer Rowe
The Maze of the Beast	author	Jennifer Rowe
Return to Del	author	Jennifer Rowe
Hunger (novel)	author	Knut Hamsun
Get in the Van  : On the Road With Black Flag   1	author	Henry Rollins
Can-Can (musical)	author	Abe Burrows
Islamic Government: Governance of the Jurist	author	Ruhollah Khomeini
Islamic Government: Governance of the Jurist	author	Hamid Algar
Roderick Hudson	author	Henry James
The Year of Our War	author	Steph Swainston
No Present Like Time	author	Steph Swainston
Howards End	author	E. M. Forster
Molloy (novel)	author	Samuel Beckett
The Unnamable (novel)	author	Samuel Beckett
JoBlo.com	author	Berge Garabedian
The Kempton-Wace Letters	author	Jack London
The Kempton-Wace Letters	author	Anna Strunsky
The Changing Land	author	Roger Zelazny
A Shadow on the Glass	author	Ian Irvine
Andromache (play)	author	Euripides
Sharpe's Tiger	author	Bernard Cornwell
Sharpe's Triumph	author	Bernard Cornwell
Sharpe's Fortress	author	Bernard Cornwell
Sharpe's Prey	author	Bernard Cornwell
Sharpe's Rifles (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
Sharpe's Trafalgar	author	Bernard Cornwell
Sharpe's Eagle (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
The American (novel)	author	Henry James
The Stories of Ray Bradbury	author	Ray Bradbury
The Garden of Unearthly Delights	author	Robert Rankin
The Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse	author	Robert Rankin
The Witches of Chiswick	author	Robert Rankin
Army Daze	author	Michael Chiang
The Bradys	author	Lloyd J. Schwartz
The Bradys	author	Sherwood Schwartz
Point of Impact	author	Stephen Hunter
Pale Horse Coming	author	Stephen Hunter
What-a-Mess	author	Frank Muir
Tara Road	author	Maeve Binchy
GoGo Sentai Boukenger	author	Shō Aikawa (screenwriter)
GoGo Sentai Boukenger	author	Yasuko Kobayashi
GoGo Sentai Boukenger	author	Akatsuki Yamatoya
GoGo Sentai Boukenger	author	Naruhisa Arakawa
GoGo Sentai Boukenger	author	Junki Takegami
Washington Square (novel)	author	Henry James
Well-Schooled in Murder	author	Elizabeth George
Rally Point	author	David Sherman
A Little Tour in France	author	Henry James
Peter and the Starcatchers	author	Dave Barry
Peter and the Starcatchers	author	Ridley Pearson
Falsettoland	author	James Lapine
Ramona the Pest	author	Beverly Cleary
Lost Laysen	author	Margaret Mitchell
Lost Laysen	author	Debra Freer
The Princess Casamassima	author	Henry James
The Bostonians	author	Henry James
Reefer Madness (musical)	author	Kevin Murphy (screenwriter)
Reefer Madness (2003 book)	author	Eric Schlosser
First to Fight (novel)	author	Dan Cragg
One for the Money (novel)	author	Janet Evanovich
Two for the Dough	author	Janet Evanovich
Three to Get Deadly	author	Janet Evanovich
Into the Mouth of the Cat	author	Malcolm McConnell
Yahoo! Answers	author	Yahoo!
The Julie Andrews Hour	author	Frank Peppiatt
The Julie Andrews Hour	author	John Aylesworth
The Julie Andrews Hour	author	George Arthur Bloom
The Julie Andrews Hour	author	Bob Ellison
The Julie Andrews Hour	author	Lila Garrett
The Julie Andrews Hour	author	Hal Goodman
The Julie Andrews Hour	author	Larry Klein
The Tain (novella)	author	China Miéville
The Star Diaries	author	Stanisław Lem
Judge John Deed	author	G. F. Newman
Obasan	author	Joy Kogawa
The Return of the Soldier	author	Rebecca West
Clérambault (novel)	author	Romain Rolland
Incendiary (novel)	author	Chris Cleave
Black Dogs	author	Ian McEwan
If Not Now, When? (novel)	author	Primo Levi
The Tragic Muse	author	Henry James
Esperanza Rising	author	Pam Muñoz Ryan
Who Are We? The Challenges to America's National Identity	author	Samuel P. Huntington
Active Liberty	author	Stephen Breyer
The Universal Baseball Association, Inc., J. Henry Waugh, Prop.	author	Robert Coover
Hannah's Gift	author	Maria Housden
The Disaster Area	author	J. G. Ballard
The Shrouded Planet	author	Robert Silverberg
The Shrouded Planet	author	Randall Garrett
Gpl-violations.org	author	Harald Welte
The Spoils of Poynton	author	Henry James
The Last Light of the Sun	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
Hell.com	author	Kenneth Aronson
The Geography of Nowhere	author	James Howard Kunstler
Arabella (novel)	author	Georgette Heyer
The Grand Sophy	author	Georgette Heyer
The Foundling (novel)	author	Georgette Heyer
Sprig Muslin	author	Georgette Heyer
Sylvester, or the Wicked Uncle	author	Georgette Heyer
Bath Tangle	author	Georgette Heyer
Beauvallet	author	Georgette Heyer
The Masqueraders	author	Georgette Heyer
Powder and Patch	author	Georgette Heyer
The Dante Club	author	Matthew Pearl
Skinny Legs and All (novel)	author	Tom.E.Robbins
The Chinese Language: Fact and Fantasy	author	John DeFrancis
Wake, Rattle, and Roll	author	Laren Bright
Wake, Rattle, and Roll	author	Brady Connell
Wake, Rattle, and Roll	author	Don Dougherty
Wake, Rattle, and Roll	author	David Kirschner
Wake, Rattle, and Roll	author	Ken Knox
Wake, Rattle, and Roll	author	Linda Krause
Wake, Rattle, and Roll	author	Earl Kress
Wake, Rattle, and Roll	author	Kristina Luckey
Wake, Rattle, and Roll	author	Bill Matheny
Wake, Rattle, and Roll	author	David Schwartz
Wake, Rattle, and Roll	author	Carl Swenson
Wake, Rattle, and Roll	author	Marlowe Weisman
Aline and Valcour	author	Marquis de Sade
Tintorettor Jishu	author	Satyajit Ray
Destiny's Road	author	Larry Niven
Heaven's Reach	author	David Brin
Las armas secretas	author	Julio Cortázar
What Maisie Knew	author	Henry James
Secret Smile	author	Nicci French
Secret Smile	author	Nicci French
Star Trek: The Motion Picture (novel)	author	Gene Roddenberry
Mission to Horatius	author	Mack Reynolds
Chesapeake (novel)	author	James A. Michener
The Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon, Gent.	author	Washington Irving
Paradise (novel)	author	Toni Morrison
Hecuba (play)	author	Euripides
María (novel)	author	Jorge Isaacs
Ladder of Years	author	Anne Tyler
The Green Ray	author	Jules Verne
Chander Pahar	author	Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay
The Negotiator (novel)	author	Frederick Forsyth
HaJaBaRaLa	author	Sukumar Ray
Abol Tabol	author	Sukumar Ray
In the Cage	author	Henry James
Plotting (non-fiction)	author	Jack Woodford
Changing Planes	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Nova Scotia: New Scottish Speculative Fiction	author	Andrew J. Wilson
Nova Scotia: New Scottish Speculative Fiction	author	Neil Williamson
Beyond This Place	author	A. J. Cronin
Planet of Judgment	author	Joe Haldeman
Gridiron (novel)	author	Philip Kerr
GeaBios	author	Academa
The Blue Sword	author	Robin McKinley
Arming America: The Origins of a National Gun Culture	author	Michael A. Bellesiles
The Magnificent Ambersons	author	Booth Tarkington
A Tale of Two Cities	author	Charles Dickens
Plain Truth	author	Jodi Picoult
Winds of Change (novel)	author	Mercedes Lackey
Lestat (musical)	author	Linda Woolverton
Tainted Blood	author	Arnaldur Indriðason
Silence of the Grave	author	Arnaldur Indriðason
The Hacker Crackdown	author	Bruce Sterling
The Sacred Fount	author	Henry James
Thinner (novel)	author	Stephen King
The Famished Road	author	Ben Okri
Peace Breaks Out	author	John Knowles
Fazail-e-Amaal	author	Muhammad Zakariya al-Kandahlawi
Crystal Singer	author	Anne McCaffrey
Drummer Hoff	author	Barbara Emberley
Elantris	author	Brandon Sanderson
The Ghost from the Grand Banks	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Lanigan's Rabbi	author	Norman Lessing
Lanigan's Rabbi	author	Don Mankiewicz
Lanigan's Rabbi	author	Robert Pirosh
Lanigan's Rabbi	author	Karl Tunberg
Al Capone Does My Shirts	author	Gennifer Choldenko
Little Shop of Horrors (musical)	author	Howard Ashman
Journal of a Sad Hermaphrodite	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
No, Honestly	author	Charlotte Bingham
No, Honestly	author	Terence Brady
Herakles (Euripides)	author	Euripides
English Hours	author	Henry James
Linda Condon	author	Joseph Hergesheimer
Badenheim 1939	author	Aharon Appelfeld
The Elephant Man (play)	author	Bernard Pomerance
Following the Equator	author	Mark Twain
Harry O	author	John Meredyth Lucas
Alamut series	author	Judith Tarr
Alamut series  The Dagger and the Cross   1	author	Judith Tarr
Cocaine: An Unauthorized Biography	author	Dominic Streatfeild
God in the Dock	author	C. S. Lewis
Creation (novel)	author	Gore Vidal
Hurricane Gold	author	Charlie Higson
Watch and Ward	author	Henry James
Confidence (novel)	author	Henry James
Dracula, the Musical	author	Don Black (lyricist)
Dracula, the Musical	author	Christopher Hampton
Nothing Lasts Forever (1979 novel)	author	Roderick Thorp
Killobyte	author	Piers Anthony
Holidays on Ice (book)	author	David Sedaris
David Elginbrod	author	George MacDonald
At the Back of the North Wind	author	George MacDonald
Straight and Crooked Thinking	author	Robert H. Thouless
Aunts Aren't Gentlemen	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Mike (novel)	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Psmith in the City	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Psmith, Journalist	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Mansion (novel)	author	William Faulkner
Orientalism (book)	author	Edward Said
The Reverberator	author	Henry James
The Other House	author	Henry James
Cyclops (play)	author	Euripides
Alice (software)	author	Carnegie Mellon University
Dance Dance Dance	author	Haruki Murakami
Clovis Dardentor	author	Jules Verne
Easy Riders, Raging Bulls	author	Peter Biskind
DAG (TV series)	author	Jack Burditt
DAG (TV series)	author	Andy Gordon
Tonight's the Night (2003 musical)	author	Ben Elton
The Head of Kay's	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Love Among the Chickens	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Miracle of the Rose	author	Jean Genet
Conversations in Sicily	author	Elio Vittorini
The Prince and Betty	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The New Leave It to Beaver	author	Brian Levant
Land Beyond the Map	author	Kenneth Bulmer
The Book of Daniel (TV series)	author	Jack Kenny
Kasautii Zindagii Kay	author	Jainesh Ejardar
Spin and Marty	author	Jackson Gillis
The Outcry	author	Henry James
Tabulator	author	Tim Berners-Lee
Cycle of Nemesis	author	Kenneth Bulmer
Death and the Penguin	author	Andrey Kurkov
I'll Say She Is	author	Will B. Johnstone
The Parafaith War	author	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
Christ the Lord: Out of Egypt	author	Anne Rice
Riceyman Steps	author	Arnold Bennett
The Ivory Tower	author	Henry James
The Sense of the Past	author	Henry James
Xrdb	author	Jim Gettys
Jacob the Liar	author	Jurek Becker
Bellefleur	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Filthy Rich (1982 TV series)	author	Linda Bloodworth-Thomason
Filthy Rich (1982 TV series)	author	E. Jack Kaplan
Ship of Fools (Russo novel)	author	Richard Paul Russo
The Swoop!	author	P. G. Wodehouse
A Gentleman of Leisure	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Introduction to Algorithms	author	Thomas H. Cormen
Introduction to Algorithms	author	Charles E. Leiserson
Introduction to Algorithms	author	Ron Rivest
Introduction to Algorithms	author	Clifford Stein
The Little Nugget	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Piccadilly Jim	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Circus Boy	author	Lee Erwin
Circus Boy	author	Douglas Heyes
Violin (novel)	author	Anne Rice
Hampton Court (TV series)	author	John Flanagan
Hampton Court (TV series)	author	Gary Reilly
Mrs. Kimble	author	Jennifer Haigh
The Lorax	author	Dr. Seuss
Brazilian Adventure	author	Peter Fleming (writer)
Meyebela, My Bengali Girlhood	author	Taslima Nasrin
Italian Hours	author	Henry James
Princess Gwenevere and the Jewel Riders	author	Robert Mandell
Princess Gwenevere and the Jewel Riders	author	Robin Young
Princess Gwenevere and the Jewel Riders	author	Christopher Rowley
Princess Gwenevere and the Jewel Riders	author	James Luceno
Princess Gwenevere and the Jewel Riders	author	Katherine Lawrence
To Outrun Doomsday	author	Kenneth Bulmer
The Hound of Death	author	Agatha Christie
Fading (book)	author	Raven Oak
The Big Bounce (novel)	author	Elmore Leonard
Transit to Scorpio	author	Kenneth Bulmer
Balthasar's Odyssey	author	Amin Maalouf
Robot Visions	author	Isaac Asimov
French Poets and Novelists	author	Henry James
Hawthorne (book)	author	Henry James
PopCo	author	Scarlett Thomas
Gene Wolfe's Book of Days	author	Gene Wolfe
The Lighthouse (novel)	author	P. D. James
The Outcasts (TV series)	author	Harold Jack Bloom
The Fifth Head of Cerberus	author	Gene Wolfe
DisneyWar	author	James B. Stewart
The Outsider (Colin Wilson)	author	Colin Wilson
Yaban	author	Yakup Kadri Karaosmanoğlu
That Championship Season	author	Jason Miller (playwright)
Partial Portraits	author	Henry James
Essays in London and Elsewhere	author	Henry James
La mujer en el espejo	author	Consuelo Garrido
Knives in the Night	author	David Sherman
The Lover (play)	author	Harold Pinter
Crocodile on the Sandbank	author	Barbara Mertz
Lyttelton/Hart-Davis Letters	author	George William Lyttelton
Lyttelton/Hart-Davis Letters	author	Rupert Hart-Davis
The Adventures of Alyx	author	Joanna Russ
Notes on Novelists	author	Henry James
A Small Boy and Others	author	Henry James
A Summer Place	author	Sloan Wilson
Main Force Assault	author	David Sherman
Out of the Fire	author	David Sherman
A Rock and a Hard Place	author	David Sherman
A Nghu Night Falls	author	David Sherman
Charlie Don't Live Here Anymore	author	David Sherman
Flashfire	author	David Sherman
The West's Last Chance: Will We Win the Clash of Civilizations?	author	Tony Blankley
Dans l'enfer des tournantes	author	Samira Bellil
Go.com	author	Disney Interactive Media Group
School of Fire	author	David Sherman
Steel Gauntlet	author	David Sherman
Blood Contact	author	Dan Cragg
TechnoKill	author	Dan Cragg
Kingdom's Swords	author	Dan Cragg
Hangfire	author	Dan Cragg
Kingdom's Fury	author	David Sherman
Lazarus Rising	author	David Sherman
La Ronde (play)	author	Arthur Schnitzler
Change of Heart (TV series)	author	Brian Michael Tracy
Notes of a Son and Brother	author	Henry James
The Middle Years (book)	author	Henry James
Dot and Tot of Merryland	author	L. Frank Baum
Idiots in the Machine	author	Edward Savio
Science of Survival	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Pillar of Fire (novel)	author	Judith Tarr
Two Lives (non-fiction)	author	Vikram Seth
Studies in Classic American Literature	author	D. H. Lawrence
Theatricals	author	Henry James
Theatricals: Second Series	author	Henry James
The Red Tent	author	Anita Diamant
The Leap	author	Jonathan Stroud
Buried Fire	author	Jonathan Stroud
Tooth and Claw (novel)	author	Jo Walton
The Gatekeeper (Buffy novel series)	author	Christopher Golden
The Gatekeeper (Buffy novel series)  Ghost Roads   1	author	Christopher Golden
The Gatekeeper (Buffy novel series)  Sons of Entropy   1	author	Christopher Golden
The Gatekeeper (Buffy novel series)  Sons of Entropy   1	author	Nancy Holder
Union Square (TV series)	author	Fred Barron
Pavarchin	author	Peyman Ghasem Khani
The Orchid Thief	author	Susan Orlean
For Want of a Nail (novel)	author	Robert Sobel
The Frogs (musical)	author	Burt Shevelove
The Frogs (musical)	author	Nathan Lane
I Do! I Do!	author	Tom Jones (writer)
Cell (novel)	author	Stephen King
Emergent (software)	author	Carnegie Mellon University
Lisey's Story	author	Stephen King
An Essay on the Principle of Population	author	Thomas Robert Malthus
The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency (novel)	author	Alexander McCall Smith
From Nine to Nine	author	Leo Perutz
Jihad: The Trail of Political Islam	author	Gilles Kepel
How to Make Love Like a Porn Star: A Cautionary Tale	author	Jenna Jameson
Spud (novel)	author	John van de Ruit
William Wetmore Story and His Friends	author	Henry James
John Henry (novel)	author	Roark Bradford
Picture and Text	author	Henry James
The Honorary Consul	author	Graham Greene
Dinner (play)	author	Moira Buffini
Joseph Smith: Rough Stone Rolling	author	Richard Bushman
Mormon Enigma: Emma Hale Smith	author	Linda King Newell
Mormon Enigma: Emma Hale Smith	author	Valeen Tippetts Avery
David O. McKay and the Rise of Modern Mormonism	author	Gregory Prince
David O. McKay and the Rise of Modern Mormonism	author	William Robert Wright
We Were the Mulvaneys	author	Joyce Carol Oates
I Know This Much Is True	author	Wally Lamb
A ZBC of Ezra Pound	author	Christine Brooke-Rose
Daddio	author	Matt Berry
Daddio	author	Reid Harrison
Space.com	author	Lou Dobbs
Space.com	author	Rich Zahradnik
After the quake	author	Haruki Murakami
Then Again, Maybe I Won't	author	Judy Blume
Notes of a Native Son	author	James Baldwin
Cannery Row (novel)	author	John Steinbeck
Seedling (novel)	author	Laurence James
Guard of Honor (novel)	author	James Gould Cozzens
Episodes of the Cuban Revolutionary War	author	Che Guevara
Garden of Kama	author	Laurence Hope
All the Names	author	José Saramago
Concrete Mathematics	author	Ronald Graham
Concrete Mathematics	author	Donald Knuth
Concrete Mathematics	author	Oren Patashnik
The Privileged Planet	author	Guillermo Gonzalez (astronomer)
The Privileged Planet	author	Jay Richards
Dragonflame	author	Graham Edwards (writer)
Dragonstorm	author	Graham Edwards (writer)
Stone and Sea	author	Graham Edwards (writer)
Stone and Sky	author	Graham Edwards (writer)
Stone and Sun	author	Graham Edwards (writer)
Black Alice (novel)	author	Thom Demijohn
Black Alice (novel)	author	John Thomas Sladek
The Lives of Christopher Chant	author	Diana Wynne Jones
A New Alice in the Old Wonderland	author	Anna Matlack Richards
Like Water for Chocolate	author	Laura Esquivel
Dog Sees God: Confessions of a Teenage Blockhead	author	Bert V. Royal
Roger Roger	author	John Sullivan (writer)
Roundhouse (TV series)	author	Buddy Sheffield
Rainbows End	author	Vernor Vinge
Jack's Return Home	author	Ted Lewis (writer)
Thou Shalt Not (musical)	author	David Thompson (writer)
Monster Island (Buffy/Angel novel)	author	Christopher Golden
Heat (Buffy/Angel novel)	author	Nancy Holder
Seven Crows (Buffy/Angel novel)	author	John Vornholt
Unseen (Buffy/Angel novel)	author	Nancy Holder
Unseen (Buffy/Angel novel)  Door To Alternity   1	author	Nancy Holder
Unseen (Buffy/Angel novel)  Long Way Home   1	author	Nancy Holder
Spike and Dru: Pretty Maids All in a Row	author	Christopher Golden
Halloween Rain	author	Christopher Golden
Halloween Rain	author	Nancy Holder
Coyote Moon	author	John Vornholt
Night of the Living Rerun	author	Arthur Byron Cover
Blooded	author	Christopher Golden
Sins of the Father (Buffy novel)	author	Christopher Golden
Child of the Hunt	author	Christopher Golden
Paleo (Buffy novel)	author	Yvonne Navarro
The Evil That Men Do (Buffy novel)	author	Nancy Holder
Doomsday Deck	author	Diana G. Gallagher
Power of Persuasion (Buffy novel)	author	Elizabeth Massie
Immortal (Buffy novel)	author	Nancy Holder
Prime Evil (Buffy novel)	author	Diana G. Gallagher
Revenant (Buffy novel)	author	Mel Odom (author)
Return to Chaos	author	Craig Shaw Gardner
Resurrecting Ravana	author	Ray Garton
Visitors (Buffy novel)	author	Laura Anne Gilman
Visitors (Buffy novel)	author	Josepha Sherman
Obsidian Fate	author	Diana G. Gallagher
Unnatural Selection (Buffy novel)	author	Mel Odom (author)
Deep Water (Buffy novel)	author	Laura Anne Gilman
Deep Water (Buffy novel)	author	Josepha Sherman
The Book of Fours	author	Nancy Holder
Here Be Monsters (Buffy novel)	author	Cameron Dokey
Oz: Into the Wild	author	Christopher Golden
These Our Actors	author	Ashley McConnell
Tempted Champions	author	Yvonne Navarro
Little Things (Buffy novel)	author	Rebecca Moesta
The Lost Slayer	author	Christopher Golden
The Lost Slayer  Prophecies   1	author	Christopher Golden
The Lost Slayer  Dark Times   1	author	Christopher Golden
The Lost Slayer  King of the Dead   1	author	Christopher Golden
The Lost Slayer  Original Sins   1	author	Christopher Golden
Sweet Sixteen (Buffy novel)	author	Scott Ciencin
Crossings (Buffy novel)	author	Mel Odom (author)
Wisdom of War	author	Christopher Golden
Apocalypse Memories	author	Laura J. Burns
Apocalypse Memories	author	Melinda Metz
Mortal Fear	author	Scott Ciencin
Mortal Fear	author	Denise Ciencin
Conan and the Young Warriors	author	Michael Reaves
Conan and the Young Warriors	author	Steve Perry (author)
Conan and the Young Warriors	author	David Wise (writer)
Conan and the Young Warriors	author	Len Wein
The Man of Feeling	author	Henry Mackenzie
Non-Stop	author	Brian Aldiss
The Starlight Barking	author	Dodie Smith
The Penultimate Truth	author	Philip K. Dick
A Virtuous Woman	author	Kaye Gibbons
Songs in Ordinary Time	author	Mary McGarry Morris
The Rapture of Canaan	author	Sheri Reynolds
Stones from the River	author	Ursula Hegi
She's Come Undone	author	Wally Lamb
The Heart of a Woman	author	Maya Angelou
Where the Heart Is (novel)	author	Billie Letts
Midwives (novel)	author	Chris Bohjalian
L.A. 2017	author	Philip Wylie
What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day	author	Pearl Cleage
Black and Blue (Anna Quindlen novel)	author	Anna Quindlen
Here on Earth (novel)	author	Alice Hoffman
A Map of the World	author	Jane Hamilton
Vinegar Hill (novel)	author	A. Manette Ansay
River, Cross My Heart	author	Breena Clarke
Mother of Pearl (novel)	author	Melinda Haynes
The Pilot's Wife	author	Anita Shreve
Jewel (novel)	author	Bret Lott
Drowning Ruth	author	Christina Schwarz
While I Was Gone	author	Sue Miller
Back Roads (novel)	author	Tawni O'Dell
Daughter of Fortune	author	Isabel Allende
Gap Creek	author	Robert R. Morgan
Icy Sparks	author	Gwyn Hyman Rubio
The Book of Ruth (novel)	author	Jane Hamilton
The Witching Hour (novel)	author	Anne Rice
Avalon High	author	Meg Cabot
The Aquariums of Pyongyang	author	Kang Chol-Hwan
The Aquariums of Pyongyang	author	Pierre Rigoulot
The Train to Lo Wu	author	Jess Row
¡Que viva la música!	author	Andrés Caicedo
The Hounds of the Morrigan	author	Pat O'Shea (author)
MSN Games	author	MSN
MSN Games	author	Microsoft
Moab Is My Washpot: An Autobiography	author	Stephen Fry
China Smith	author	Robert C. Dennis
China Smith	author	Jack Laird
Mandela: The Authorised Biography	author	Anthony Sampson
The Diary of a Chambermaid (novel)	author	Octave Mirbeau
Blackwater (novelette)	author	Conn Iggulden
The Death of Kings	author	Conn Iggulden
Alamut (1938 novel)	author	Vladimir Bartol
Glas (book)	author	Jacques Derrida
So You Want to Be a Wizard	author	Diane Duane
Trackdown	author	Fred Freiberger
The Monks of Thelema	author	Walter Besant
The Monks of Thelema	author	James Rice (writer)
Kamen Rider Kabuto	author	Shōji Yonemura
Kamen Rider Kabuto	author	Toshiki Inoue
A Woman of the Iron People	author	Eleanor Arnason
All Men Are Mortal	author	Simone de Beauvoir
The Invention of Love	author	Tom Stoppard
Sit Down Comedy with David Steinberg	author	David Steinberg
The Devil and Miss Prym	author	Paulo Coelho
Off on a Comet	author	Jules Verne
Uneasy Money	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Coming of Bill	author	P. G. Wodehouse
A Damsel in Distress (novel)	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Malaysia Today	author	Raja Petra Kamarudin
Violet (musical)	author	Brian Crawley
The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood	author	Howard Pyle
Stark (novel)	author	Ben Elton
S,M,L,XL	author	Rem Koolhaas
S,M,L,XL	author	Bruce Mau
Max Steel (TV series)	author	Katherine Fugate
Max Steel (TV series)	author	Lydia Marano
Max Steel (TV series)	author	Steven Melching
Max Steel (TV series)	author	David Slack
Max Steel (TV series)	author	Jon Weisman
TOAD (software)	author	Quest Software
Catch the Lightning	author	Catherine Asaro
Spherical Harmonic	author	Catherine Asaro
The Lion, the Fox & the Eagle	author	Carol Off
God's Bits of Wood	author	Ousmane Sembène
Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story	author	Chuck Klosterman
Drinks for the Little Guy	author	Sean Carswell
Kanjinchō	author	Namiki Gohei III
Achieving Our Country	author	Richard Rorty
Ninemsn	author	Nine Entertainment Co.
A Salty Piece of Land	author	Jimmy Buffett
The Octopus: A Story of California	author	Frank Norris
Building Harlequin's Moon	author	Larry Niven
Building Harlequin's Moon	author	Brenda Cooper
Power of Three (novel)	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Eat This Book	author	Ryan Nerz
Naughty Marietta (operetta)	author	Rida Johnson Young
Pubis Angelical	author	Manuel Puig
Traces	author	Stephen Baxter
Skylark Three	author	E. E. Smith
Lost on Venus	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Escape on Venus	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Pirates of Venus	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Wizard of Venus	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Stars' Tennis Balls	author	Stephen Fry
Queen of the Slayers	author	Nancy Holder
Spark and Burn	author	Diana G. Gallagher
Wicked Willow	author	Yvonne Navarro
Wicked Willow  Shattered Twilight   1	author	Yvonne Navarro
Wicked Willow  Broken Sunrise   1	author	Yvonne Navarro
Keep Me in Mind	author	Nancy Holder
The Flash (TV series)	author	Danny Bilson
The Flash (TV series)	author	Paul De Meo
The Flash (TV series)	author	Gail Morgan Hickman
The Flash (TV series)	author	Howard Chaykin
The Suicide King	author	Robert Joseph Levy
Cursed (Buffy/Angel novel)	author	Mel Odom (author)
The Guide to the Territories of Halla	author	D. J. MacHale
Dark Lord of Derkholm	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Deep Wizardry	author	Diane Duane
Balderdash and Piffle  Balderdash & Piffle   1	author	Alex Games
Balderdash and Piffle  Balderdash & Piffle   1	author	Victoria Coren
Balderdash and Piffle  Balderdash & Piffle: One Sandwich Short of a Dog's  1	author	Alex Games
Balderdash and Piffle  Balderdash & Piffle: One Sandwich Short of a Dog's  1	author	Victoria Coren
High Wizardry	author	Diane Duane
McTeague	author	Frank Norris
A Wizard Abroad	author	Diane Duane
The Princess Bride	author	William Goldman
Schism (novel)	author	Catherine Asaro
Skyfall (novel)	author	Catherine Asaro
The Green House	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
The Penelopiad	author	Margaret Atwood
The Players of Null-A	author	A. E. van Vogt
Null-A Three	author	A. E. van Vogt
Language in Thought and Action	author	S. I. Hayakawa
The Dogs of War (novel)	author	Frederick Forsyth
The World's Most Dangerous Places	author	Robert Young Pelton
The Wizard's Dilemma	author	Diane Duane
A Wizard Alone	author	Diane Duane
Wizard's Holiday	author	Diane Duane
El estudiante de Salamanca	author	José de Espronceda
Uncle Tom's Children	author	Richard Wright (author)
Sharpe's Gold (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
Nowhere Man: The Final Days of John Lennon	author	Robert Rosen (writer)
Mr. Monk and the Dirty Cop	author	Lee Goldberg
The Ashram	author	Sattar Memon
Lucky Stiff	author	Lynn Ahrens
Avenger (novel)	author	Frederick Forsyth
The Grass Harp	author	Truman Capote
The Body Electric	author	Robert O. Becker
The Body Electric	author	Gary Selden
Norstrilia	author	Cordwainer Smith
Only Revolutions	author	Mark Z. Danielewski
Sharpe's Battle (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
The King's Fifth	author	Scott O'Dell
Requiem for a Nun	author	William Faulkner
Hot Mikado	author	David H. Bell
Tunes for Bears to Dance To	author	Robert Cormier
The Gates of Rome	author	Conn Iggulden
The Gods of War	author	Conn Iggulden
Train to Pakistan	author	Khushwant Singh
Two by Two (musical)	author	Peter Stone
Blessed Is the Fruit	author	Robert Antoni
Mr. Monk Goes to Hawaii	author	Lee Goldberg
The Scarlatti Inheritance	author	Robert Ludlum
The Ill-Made Mute	author	Cecilia Dart-Thornton
Jihad Watch	author	Robert Spencer (author)
Lincoln: A Photobiography	author	Russell Freedman
AppArmor	author	Immunix
A Fate Totally Worse than Death	author	Paul Fleischman
The Birthday (anthology)	author	Koji Suzuki
The Way West	author	A. B. Guthrie, Jr.
Absolute Midnight	author	Clive Barker
Blood and Fog	author	Nancy Holder
After Image (Buffy novel)	author	Pierce Askegren
Carnival of Souls (Buffy novel)	author	Nancy Holder
Colony (Buffy novel)	author	Melinda Metz
Colony (Buffy novel)	author	Laura J. Burns
Night Train (novel)	author	Martin Amis
1x	author	Jacob Jovelou
1x	author	Ralf Stelander
Blackout (Buffy novel)	author	Keith R. A. DeCandido
The Pirates! in an Adventure with Scientists	author	Gideon Defoe
The Pirates! in an Adventure with Whaling	author	Gideon Defoe
The Lion of Comarre and Against the Fall of Night	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Holy War, Inc.	author	Peter Bergen
Rosalie (musical)	author	William Anthony McGuire
Rosalie (musical)	author	Guy Bolton
Divina Trace	author	Robert Antoni
Bare: A Pop Opera	author	Damon Intrabartolo
Big Trouble	author	Dave Barry
Absolute OpenBSD	author	Michael W. Lucas
Friends and Crocodiles	author	Stephen Poliakoff
Wizard (novel)	author	John Varley (author)
Demon (novel)	author	John Varley (author)
The Wayward Bus	author	John Steinbeck
A Gun for Sale	author	Graham Greene
The Book of Ultimate Truths	author	Robert Rankin
Servant of Two Masters	author	Carlo Goldoni
Surrender the Pink	author	Carrie Fisher
Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal	author	Ayn Rand
Dogs Don't Tell Jokes	author	Louis Sachar
Banco (novel)	author	Henri Charrière
Mary Poppins (musical)	author	Julian Fellowes
Mr. Vertigo	author	Paul Auster
Decipher (novel)	author	Stel Pavlou
The Four-Dimensional Nightmare	author	J. G. Ballard
A Fine Night for Dying	author	Jack Higgins
Midnight Runner	author	Jack Higgins
Live Flesh	author	Ruth Rendell
A Fatal Inversion	author	Ruth Rendell
The Sirian Experiments	author	Doris Lessing
The Marriages Between Zones Three, Four and Five	author	Doris Lessing
The Making of the Representative for Planet 8	author	Doris Lessing
The Sentimental Agents in the Volyen Empire	author	Doris Lessing
The Return of the Dancing Master	author	Henning Mankell
Sidetracked (novel)	author	Henning Mankell
Eros and Civilization	author	Herbert Marcuse
God's Little Acre	author	Erskine Caldwell
Typhoon (novel)	author	Joseph Conrad
Angélique, the Marquise of the Angels	author	Anne Golon
From Doon with Death	author	Ruth Rendell
Life & Times of Michael K	author	J. M. Coetzee
The New Market Wizards	author	Jack D. Schwager
Blondel (musical)	author	Tim Rice
Grendel (novel)	author	John Gardner (American writer)
Puckoon	author	Spike Milligan
Storm Warning (novel)	author	Jack Higgins
Children of the Dust (novel)	author	Louise Lawrence
Plague 99	author	Jean Ure
Running Wild (novella)	author	J. G. Ballard
The Overloaded Man	author	J. G. Ballard
Alchemy (novel)	author	Margaret Mahy
End in Tears	author	Ruth Rendell
Mem and Zin	author	Ahmad Khani
Las películas de mi vida	author	Alberto Fuguet
August 1914	author	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
The Dying Animal	author	Philip Roth
Roxana: The Fortunate Mistress	author	Daniel Defoe
Four to Score (novel)	author	Janet Evanovich
High Five (novel)	author	Janet Evanovich
Seven Up (novel)	author	Janet Evanovich
Hot Six (novel)	author	Janet Evanovich
Hard Eight (novel)	author	Janet Evanovich
To the Nines (novel)	author	Janet Evanovich
Ten Big Ones (novel)	author	Janet Evanovich
Eleven on Top	author	Janet Evanovich
Radetzky March (novel)	author	Joseph Roth
One, No one and One Hundred Thousand	author	Luigi Pirandello
The Meaning of Everything	author	Simon Winchester
The Zombie Survival Guide	author	Max Brooks
I Left My Sneakers in Dimension X	author	Bruce Coville
The Search for Snout	author	Bruce Coville
Aliens Stole My Body	author	Bruce Coville
State of the Union (play)	author	Russel Crouse
State of the Union (play)	author	Howard Lindsay
Horseman, Pass By	author	Larry McMurtry
The Red Shoes (fairy tale)	author	Hans Christian Andersen
The Structural Transformation of the Public Sphere	author	Jürgen Habermas
Rogue State: A Guide to the World's Only Superpower	author	William Blum
L'Esclusa	author	Luigi Pirandello
This Other Eden (novel)	author	Ben Elton
Adam and Eve and Pinch Me	author	Ruth Rendell
Five Centuries of Spanish Literature	author	Linton Lomas Barrett
Gateway (novel)	author	Frederik Pohl
The Moon's Shadow	author	Catherine Asaro
Ascendant Sun	author	Catherine Asaro
Cosmos (book)	author	Carl Sagan
The Quantum Rose	author	Catherine Asaro
Chasing Redbird	author	Sharon Creech
The View from Saturday	author	E. L. Konigsburg
Forbidden Broadway: Special Victims Unit	author	Gerard Alessandrini
The Getaway (novel)	author	Jim Thompson (writer)
Missing May	author	Cynthia Rylant
The Trumpeter of Krakow	author	Eric P. Kelly
A Monk Swimming	author	Malachy McCourt
The Storykeepers	author	David N. Weiss
A Grave Talent	author	Laurie R. King
Return of the Bunny Suicides	author	Andy Riley
Tokyo (novel)	author	Mo Hayder
The Treatment (novel)	author	Mo Hayder
Birdman (novel)	author	Mo Hayder
The Black Corridor	author	Michael Moorcock
Meg: A Novel of Deep Terror	author	Steve Alten
Up the Walls of the World	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
The China Study (book)	author	T. Colin Campbell
Gulls of Europe, Asia and North America	author	Klaus Malling Olsen
Gulls of Europe, Asia and North America	author	Hans Larsson
Retribution (novel)	author	Jilliane Hoffman
Introduction to Automata Theory, Languages, and Computation	author	John Hopcroft
Introduction to Automata Theory, Languages, and Computation	author	Jeffrey Ullman
Wildfire (1986 TV series)	author	Linda Woolverton
Stamboul Train	author	Graham Greene
Out of the Shelter	author	David Lodge (author)
Paradise News	author	David Lodge (author)
Therapy (Lodge novel)	author	David Lodge (author)
Home Truths (novella)	author	David Lodge (author)
Many Marriages	author	Sherwood Anderson
Delusions of Grandma	author	Carrie Fisher
Not George Washington	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Gojiro	author	Mark Jacobson
Open House (novel)	author	Elizabeth Berg (author)
Criss Cross (novel)	author	Lynne Rae Perkins
DRBD	author	Philipp Reisner
DRBD	author	Lars Ellenberg
The Coral Island	author	Robert Michael Ballantyne
Reddit	author	Steve Huffman
Reddit	author	Alexis Ohanian
One Night @ the Call Center	author	Chetan Bhagat
GenStat	author	John Nelder
The Flivver King	author	Upton Sinclair
Bob, Son of Battle	author	Alfred Ollivant (writer)
The Shadow of the Wind	author	Carlos Ruiz Zafón
Adolphe	author	Benjamin Constant
Tomorrow, the Stars	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World	author	Jack Weatherford
Super-Toys Last All Summer Long	author	Brian Aldiss
Inside Mac Games	author	Tuncer Deniz
The Tortellis	author	Ken Estin
The Tortellis	author	Timothy Williams (actor)
Chances (TV series)	author	Lynn Bayonas
Dreamsnake	author	Vonda N. McIntyre
World of Ptavvs	author	Larry Niven
The Latham Diaries	author	Mark Latham
When Gravity Fails	author	George Alec Effinger
Rock & Roll Jeopardy!	author	Harry Friedman
Socialite Evenings	author	Shobhaa De
The Dustbinmen	author	Jack Rosenthal
The Dustbinmen	author	John Antrobus
The Dustbinmen	author	Kenneth Cope
The Dustbinmen	author	Adele Rose
The Worthing Chronicle	author	Orson Scott Card
The Worthing Saga	author	Orson Scott Card
Up the Line	author	Robert Silverberg
Alice, I Think (books)	author	Susan Juby
RedState	author	Erick Erickson
Freckle Juice	author	Judy Blume
Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas	author	Tom Robbins
Good as Gold (novel)	author	Joseph Heller
Poor Ana	author	TPR Storytelling
Trollslayer	author	William King
The Jade Peony	author	Wayson Choy
Amor real	author	Caridad Bravo Adams
Amor real	author	María Zarattini
Engine Summer	author	John Crowley
Speedpost (book)	author	Shobhaa De
Martin Dressler: The Tale of an American Dreamer	author	Steven Millhauser
Minoriteam	author	Todd James
Minoriteam	author	Adam de la Peña
Bill the Conqueror	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Sam the Sudden	author	P. G. Wodehouse
To Serve Them All My Days	author	R. F. Delderfield
Sorcerer's Apprentice (novel)	author	François Augiéras
Dragon's Teeth (novel)	author	Upton Sinclair
Sky Burial	author	Xue Xinran
Great Pretenders	author	Shuki Levy
Great Pretenders	author	Kussa Mahchi
Settling Accounts: The Grapple	author	Harry Turtledove
Little Johnny Jones	author	George M. Cohan
The Globalization of World Politics: An Introduction to International Relations	author	Pat Owens
Sharpe's Company (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Hollywood Hall of Shame	author	Harry Medved
The Hollywood Hall of Shame	author	Michael Medved
Kenny the Shark	author	Tim Hill
The Turn (novel)	author	Luigi Pirandello
Captain Underpants and the Preposterous Plight of the Purple Potty People	author	Dav Pilkey
Canal Dreams	author	Iain Banks
A Sand County Almanac	author	Aldo Leopold
A Song of Stone	author	Iain Banks
It's Now or Never!	author	Miles Tredinnick
Laugh? I Nearly Went to Miami!	author	Miles Tredinnick
It's Alive! (TV series)	author	Kevin Lund
It's Alive! (TV series)	author	Ben Joseph
It's Alive! (TV series)	author	Franklin Young
Encore! Encore!	author	John Augustine
Encore! Encore!	author	Anne Flett-Giordano
Winter Holiday (novel)	author	Arthur Ransome
Rural Rides	author	William Cobbett
Godless (novel)	author	Pete Hautman
Summer Gone	author	David Macfarlane
The Regatta Mystery	author	Agatha Christie
Dancers in Mourning	author	Margery Allingham
Flowers for the Judge	author	Margery Allingham
A Passionate Pilgrim	author	Henry James
The Names	author	Don DeLillo
As She Climbed Across the Table	author	Jonathan Lethem
Dusklands	author	J. M. Coetzee
The Invention of Morel	author	Adolfo Bioy Casares
Portadown News	author	Newton Emerson
Little Mary Sunshine	author	Rick Besoyan
Jacques the Fatalist	author	Denis Diderot
Madame de Mauves	author	Henry James
1776 (book)	author	David McCullough
All Truth Is God's Truth	author	Arthur F. Holmes
Animal (book)	author	David Burnie
Ghostwalk	author	Monte Cook
Ghostwalk	author	Sean K. Reynolds
See No Evil (book)	author	Robert Baer
It's Not Luck (novel)	author	Eliyahu M. Goldratt
Mister Monday	author	Garth Nix
The Dying Earth	author	Jack Vance
Uutisvuoto	author	Yasir Gaily
Uutisvuoto	author	Teemu Vesterinen
Very Good, Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Areas of My Expertise	author	John Hodgman
The Stolen Bacillus and Other Incidents	author	H. G. Wells
Thank You, Jeeves	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Eyes of the Overworld	author	Jack Vance
Hell Has No Limits	author	José Donoso
A Spectre Is Haunting Texas	author	Fritz Leiber
Phallos (novella)	author	Samuel R. Delany
Nights at the Circus	author	Angela Carter
Pilgrimage to Hell	author	Christopher Lowder
Pilgrimage to Hell	author	Laurence James
The Wall (short stories)	author	Vasil Bykaŭ
Character Is Destiny	author	John McCain
Character Is Destiny	author	Mark Salter
Etidorhpa	author	John Uri Lloyd
The Big Foot	author	Edgar Wallace
The Revenge of the Shadow King	author	Derek Benz
The Revenge of the Shadow King	author	J. S. Lewis
Dark Visions	author	Stephen King
Dark Visions	author	Dan Simmons
Dark Visions	author	George R. R. Martin
Valiant : A Modern Tale of Faerie	author	Holly Black
Villa Incognito	author	Tom Robbins
Intercourse (book)	author	Andrea Dworkin
The Two Ronnies Sketchbook	author	Bryan Blackburn
The Two Ronnies Sketchbook	author	Ronnie Barker
The Headless Cupid	author	Zilpha Keatley Snyder
Uncle Fred in the Springtime	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Rape of the Fair Country	author	Alexander Cordell
Manchild in the Promised Land	author	Claude Brown
My War: Killing Time in Iraq	author	Colby Buzzell
Black Creek Crossing	author	John Saul
The Loop (TV series)	author	Pam Brady
The Loop (TV series)	author	Will Gluck
The Loop (TV series)	author	Theresa Mulligan
MDL Chime	author	Elsevier
A London Life	author	Henry James
Great Northern?	author	Arthur Ransome
Living My Life	author	Emma Goldman
Oxygen (novel)	author	John B. Olson
Oxygen (novel)	author	Randall S. Ingermanson
The Tenants of Moonbloom	author	Edward Lewis Wallant
Inexcusable	author	Chris Lynch
Albert Angelo	author	B. S. Johnson
Lies My Teacher Told Me	author	James Loewen
The Face (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Swabhimaan	author	Shobhaa De
Awake and Sing!	author	Clifford Odets
Chita Rivera: The Dancer's Life	author	Terrence McNally
The Fruits of Our Labors: The Bicentennial History of the Second Parish in the Town of Worcester, The First Unitarian Church, 1785-1985	author	Walter Donald Kring
Baden-Powell (book)	author	Tim Jeal
Wine of the Dreamers	author	John D. MacDonald
Hitler's War	author	David Irving
Galahad at Blandings	author	P. G. Wodehouse
House Mother Normal	author	B. S. Johnson
The Lexicon of Comicana	author	Mort Walker
Empire Star	author	Samuel R. Delany
Kid Paddle	author	Laurent Bounoure
Kid Paddle	author	Philippe Daniau
The Kwicky Koala Show	author	Bob Ogle (actor)
The Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin	author	Vladimir Voinovich
Battleaxe (novel)	author	Sara Douglass
The Ashes of Eden	author	William Shatner
The Ashes of Eden	author	Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens
The Ashes of Eden	author	Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens
Bracebridge Hall	author	Washington Irving
Grim Tuesday	author	Garth Nix
Full Moon (novel)	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Black Coffee (novel)	author	Agatha Christie
Jitney (play)	author	August Wilson
Scooby-Doo and the Reluctant Werewolf	author	Jim Ryan
CDK (programming library)	author	Mike Glover (computer programmer)
Onion John	author	Joseph Krumgold
Red Sky at Morning (Bradford novel)	author	Richard Bradford
The Stars Look Down	author	A. J. Cronin
Hotel Babylon	author	Imogen Edwards-Jones
Joy in the Morning (1946 novel)	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Sunwing	author	Kenneth Oppel
Not Forgotten (Angel novel)	author	Nancy Holder
Close to the Ground (Angel novel)	author	Jeff Mariotte
Soul Trade (Angel novel)	author	Thomas E. Sniegoski
Redemption (Angel novel)	author	Mel Odom (author)
Shakedown (Angel novel)	author	Don DeBrandt
Hollywood Noir (Angel novel)	author	Jeff Mariotte
Avatar (Angel novel)	author	John Passarella
From Here to Eternity (novel)	author	James Jones (author)
The Winter Room	author	Gary Paulsen
Ruled Britannia	author	Harry Turtledove
The Tristan Betrayal	author	Robert Ludlum
House (novel)	author	Frank E. Peretti
House (novel)	author	Ted Dekker
.hack//AI buster 2	author	Tatsuya Hamazaki
From the Files of the Time Rangers	author	Richard Bowes
The Altar of the Dead	author	Henry James
HaShir Shelanu	author	Ori Gross
Hyves	author	Raymond Spanjar
Hyves	author	Koen Kam
Hyves	author	Floris Rost van Tonningen
Hyves	author	Nine Ludwig
Chromosome 6 (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Rebecca (musical)	author	Michael Kunze
The Mating Season (novel)	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Bruja (novel)	author	Mel Odom (author)
The Summoned	author	Cameron Dokey
Image (Angel novel)	author	Mel Odom (author)
Haunted (Angel novel)	author	Jeff Mariotte
Stranger to the Sun (Angel novel)	author	Jeff Mariotte
Vengeance (Angel novel)	author	Scott Ciencin
Vengeance (Angel novel)	author	Dan Jolley
Endangered Species (Angel novel)	author	Nancy Holder
Endangered Species (Angel novel)	author	Jeff Mariotte
Impressions (Angel novel)	author	Doranna Durgin
Sanctuary (Angel novel)	author	Jeff Mariotte
Fearless (Angel novel)	author	Doranna Durgin
Dark Mirror (Angel novel)	author	Craig Shaw Gardner
Solitary Man (Angel novel)	author	Jeff Mariotte
Love and Death (Angel novel)	author	Jeff Mariotte
Monolith (Angel novel)	author	John Passarella
Book of the Dead (Angel novel)	author	Ashley McConnell
Nemesis (Angel novel)	author	Scott Ciencin
Nemesis (Angel novel)	author	Denise Ciencin
The Law and the Lady	author	Wilkie Collins
Ghoul Trouble	author	John Passarella
Do Over	author	Josh Bycel
Do Over	author	American Dad!
Do Over	author	American Dad!
The Satan Bug (novel)	author	Alistair MacLean
The Defense	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Swallowdale	author	Arthur Ransome
Drums in the Night	author	Bertolt Brecht
The House of Sixty Fathers	author	Meindert DeJong
Alice in Sunderland	author	Bryan Talbot
Warlord of the Air	author	Michael Moorcock
The Land That Time Forgot (novel)	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
How Now, Dow Jones	author	Max Shulman
Shane (TV series)	author	William Blinn
Shane (TV series)	author	Ernest Kinoy
Shane (TV series)	author	Denne Bart Petitclerc
Shane (TV series)	author	Jack Schaefer
Japanese: The Spoken Language	author	Eleanor Jorden
Japanese: The Spoken Language	author	Mari Noda
Barabbas (novel)	author	Pär Lagerkvist
If This Is a Man	author	Primo Levi
Maps in a Mirror	author	Orson Scott Card
The Wives of Bath	author	Susan Swan
The River War	author	Winston Churchill
The Two Princesses of Bamarre	author	Gail Carson Levine
The Czar's Madman	author	Jaan Kross
Here Be Dragons	author	Sharon Kay Penman
Here, There Be Dragons	author	James A. Owen
Kushiel's Scion	author	Jacqueline Carey
Kushiel's Justice	author	Jacqueline Carey
The City in History	author	Lewis Mumford
Eubie!	author	Revue
The Midwife's Apprentice	author	Karen Cushman
The Man from Snowy River: Arena Spectacular	author	David Atkins
The Man from Snowy River: Arena Spectacular	author	Ignatius Jones
Home of the Gentry	author	Ivan Turgenev
Fingersmith (novel)	author	Sarah Waters
Moderato Cantabile	author	Marguerite Duras
Computer Lib / Dream Machines	author	Ted Nelson
Man in Space	author	Ward Kimball
Man in Space	author	William Bosche
Cirque du Freak	author	Darren Shan
Bec (novel)	author	Darren Shan
Zillow.com	author	Rich Barton
The Bridge at Andau	author	James A. Michener
Sharpe's Sword (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
Ludmila's Broken English	author	DBC Pierre
The Ear, the Eye and the Arm	author	Nancy Farmer
The Nurture Assumption	author	Judith Rich Harris
Providence: The Story of a 50 Year Vision Quest	author	Daniel Quinn
Girls on Film (novel)	author	Zoey Dean
Blonde Ambition (novel)	author	Zoey Dean
Albertine disparue	author	Marcel Proust
Tall Cool One (novel)	author	Zoey Dean
Back in Black (novel)	author	Zoey Dean
The Short Reign of Pippin IV	author	John Steinbeck
The Silverado Squatters	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Vanishings	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
The Vanishings	author	Tim LaHaye
Gentlemen & Players	author	Joanne Harris
What We Do Is Secret (novel)	author	Thorn Kief Hillsbery
By Royal Command	author	Charlie Higson
The Ice Harvest (novel)	author	Scott Phillips (writer)
Fire from Heaven	author	Mary Renault
Qadiani Problem	author	Abul Ala Maududi
The Sound of the Mountain	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Lords of Madness	author	Richard Baker (game designer)
Lords of Madness	author	James Jacobs (game designer)
Lords of Madness	author	Steve Winter
The Patriotic Traitors	author	David Littlejohn
Loser (novel)	author	Jerry Spinelli
Whortle's Hope	author	Robin Jarvis
Ogmund's Gift	author	Robin Jarvis
The Third Witch	author	Rebecca Reisert
Cartoon Orbit	author	Sam Register
Guardians of Ga'hoole: The Burning	author	Kathryn Lasky
The Haunted Bookshop	author	Christopher Morley
D.C. (TV series)	author	John August
D.C. (TV series)	author	Daniel Cerone
Beauty and Sadness (novel)	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Nadja (novel)	author	André Breton
The Hidden Hitler	author	Lothar Machtan
Barmy in Wonderland	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Empire (2005 TV series)	author	Sara B. Cooper
Empire (2005 TV series)	author	Chip Johannessen
The Eye in the Door	author	Pat Barker
Pigs Have Wings	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Embrace (novel)	author	Mark Behr
Wings (Kuzmin novel)	author	Mikhail Kuzmin
The Smell of Apples	author	Mark Behr
Pigeon Post	author	Arthur Ransome
Robota	author	Doug Chiang
Robota	author	Orson Scott Card
Jeanette MacDonald: The Irving Stone Letters	author	Jeanette MacDonald
Jeanette MacDonald: The Irving Stone Letters	author	Sharon Rich
Jeanette MacDonald Autobiography: The Lost Manuscript	author	Sharon Rich
Jeanette MacDonald Autobiography: The Lost Manuscript	author	Jeanette MacDonald
Nelson Eddy: The Opera Years	author	Sharon Rich
Sweethearts: The Timeless Love Affair Onscreen and Off Between Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy	author	Sharon Rich
The Rosary	author	Florence L. Barclay
Peculiar Chris	author	Johann S. Lee
Jeeves and the Feudal Spirit	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Allies of the Night	author	Darren Shan
The Black Gryphon	author	Mercedes Lackey
Spiked (magazine)	author	Mick Hume
The Tarzan/Lone Ranger Adventure Hour	author	Dennis Marks
Thousand Cranes	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Speed (novel)	author	William S. Burroughs, Jr.
A Buyer's Market	author	Anthony Powell
A New Universal History of Infamy	author	Rhys Hughes
Children of the Thunder	author	John Brunner (novelist)
Service with a Smile	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Frozen Assets	author	P. G. Wodehouse
My Mother's Castle	author	Marcel Pagnol
Sir Thursday	author	Garth Nix
Across the Zodiac	author	Percy Greg
Acorna the Unicorn Girl	author	Anne McCaffrey
Dragonsinger	author	Anne McCaffrey
The People That Time Forgot (novel)	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Sign of the Beaver	author	Elizabeth George Speare
The Walking Drum	author	Louis L'Amour
Flowering Plants: Evolution Above the Species Level	author	G. Ledyard Stebbins
A Short History of Chinese Philosophy	author	Feng Youlan
Valley of the Wolves (TV series)	author	Raci Şaşmaz
A Pelican at Blandings	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Bachelors Anonymous	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Lace (TV series)	author	Elliott Baker
Lace (TV series)	author	Shirley Conran
Sunset at Blandings	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Day My Bum Went Psycho	author	Andy Griffiths
A Day No Pigs Would Die	author	Robert Newton Peck
Catholic Ashrams	author	Sita Ram Goel
Tar Baby (novel)	author	Toni Morrison
An Artist of the Floating World	author	Kazuo Ishiguro
The Beggar	author	Naguib Mahfouz
The Sleeper Awakes	author	H. G. Wells
Bells Are Ringing (musical)	author	Betty Comden
Bells Are Ringing (musical)	author	Adolph Green
Prayers for the Assassin	author	Robert Ferrigno
The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss	author	Dr. Seuss
The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales	author	Jon Scieszka
The Emigrants (German novel)	author	W. G. Sebald
Season of Ash	author	Justin Bryant
The Quillan Games	author	D. J. MacHale
The Deed of Paksenarrion	author	Elizabeth Moon
Dragon's Kin	author	Anne McCaffrey
Dragon's Kin	author	Todd McCaffrey
A Spell for Chameleon	author	Piers Anthony
Centaur Aisle	author	Piers Anthony
Dragon on a Pedestal	author	Piers Anthony
Ogre, Ogre	author	Piers Anthony
Crewel Lye: A Caustic Yarn	author	Piers Anthony
Vale of the Vole	author	Piers Anthony
Golem in the Gears	author	Piers Anthony
Man from Mundania	author	Piers Anthony
Heaven Cent	author	Piers Anthony
Isle of View	author	Piers Anthony
Demons Don't Dream	author	Piers Anthony
Harpy Thyme	author	Piers Anthony
Geis of the Gargoyle	author	Piers Anthony
Roc and a Hard Place	author	Piers Anthony
Faun & Games	author	Piers Anthony
Xone of Contention	author	Piers Anthony
The Dastard	author	Piers Anthony
Swell Foop	author	Piers Anthony
Up in a Heaval	author	Piers Anthony
Cube Route	author	Piers Anthony
Currant Events	author	Piers Anthony
Stork Naked	author	Piers Anthony
Air Apparent	author	Piers Anthony
Science in Action	author	Bruno Latour
The Shape of Things to Come	author	H. G. Wells
InterGalactic Medicine Show	author	Orson Scott Card
Laughing in the Wind	author	Jin Yong
Sister of the Bride	author	Beverly Cleary
The Book and the Sword	author	Jin Yong
Otis Spofford	author	Beverly Cleary
FreeCast	author	FreeCast
Crossing the Line (novel)	author	Karen Traviss
The World Before	author	Karen Traviss
Shoeless Joe (novel)	author	W. P. Kinsella
The Professors: The 101 Most Dangerous Academics in America	author	David Horowitz
Day Watch (novel)	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
Day Watch (novel)	author	Vladimir Vasilyev (writer)
A Judgement in Stone	author	Ruth Rendell
Make Death Love Me	author	Ruth Rendell
Acorna's Quest	author	Anne McCaffrey
'Tis Pity She's a Whore	author	John Ford (dramatist)
Teleny, or The Reverse of the Medal	author	Oscar Wilde
The Falklands Play	author	Ian Curteis
Flush: A Biography	author	Virginia Woolf
Calico Captive	author	Elizabeth George Speare
Ask the Dust	author	John Fante
Black Rednecks and White Liberals	author	Thomas Sowell
How to Survive a Robot Uprising	author	Daniel H. Wilson
The Matlock Paper	author	Robert Ludlum
The Color Kittens	author	Margaret Wise Brown
Up a Road Slowly	author	Irene Hunt
Not Without Laughter	author	Langston Hughes
Legs (novel)	author	William Kennedy (author)
The Curse of the Daleks	author	David Whitaker (screenwriter)
The Curse of the Daleks	author	Terry Nation
Texar's Revenge, or, North Against South	author	Jules Verne
Father of the Bride (TV series)	author	Edward Streeter
Everything That Rises Must Converge	author	Flannery O'Connor
Sky Shadow	author	Casady & Greene
A Frolic of His Own	author	William Gaddis
Agapē Agape	author	William Gaddis
The Rush for Second Place	author	William Gaddis
The Firesign Theatre's Big Book Of Plays	author	The Firesign Theatre
Discourse on the Arts and Sciences	author	Jean-Jacques Rousseau
The Holy	author	Daniel Quinn
Some of Your Blood	author	Theodore Sturgeon
A Place in England	author	Melvyn Bragg
The Hired Man	author	Melvyn Bragg
Committed (2001 TV series)	author	Michael Fry
Kingdom Come (Bragg novel)	author	Melvyn Bragg
Swallows and Amazons	author	Arthur Ransome
Confessions of a Mask	author	Yukio Mishima
Murphy (novel)	author	Samuel Beckett
A Man on the Moon	author	Andrew Chaikin
The Provençal Tales	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
Cita's World	author	Trayce Z. Zinzer
Red Earth, White Lies	author	Vine Deloria, Jr.
The Lake of Souls	author	Darren Shan
Come Back Mrs. Noah	author	Jeremy Lloyd
Come Back Mrs. Noah	author	David Croft (TV producer)
Commander USA's Groovie Movies	author	Jim Hendricks
Hawksong	author	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
The Dragon Masters	author	Jack Vance
Birds in the Bush	author	David Croft (TV producer)
Downbelow Station	author	C. J. Cherryh
Last Human	author	Doug Naylor
The Book of Ebenezer Le Page	author	Gerald Basil Edwards
Skag	author	Abby Mann
Skag	author	Marsha Norman
All Things Betray Thee	author	Gwyn Thomas (novelist)
Culture and Society	author	Raymond Williams
Keywords: A Vocabulary of Culture and Society	author	Raymond Williams
The Country and the City	author	Raymond Williams
The Book of Earth	author	Marjorie B. Kellogg
Black Blade	author	Eric Van Lustbader
Superman: Doomsday & Beyond	author	Louise Simonson
The Legend of Huma	author	Richard A. Knaak
Magic Circle Club	author	John-Michael Howson
Magic Circle Club	author	Max Bartlett
Shadowmarch	author	Tad Williams
The Kindness of Women	author	J. G. Ballard
Mormon Miracle Pageant	author	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Voyage of Slaves	author	Brian Jacques
Dick Spanner, P.I.	author	Terry Adlam
Berlin, Berlin	author	David Safier
Footloose (musical)	author	Dean Pitchford
Footloose (musical)	author	Walter Bobbie
Roger Fry: A Biography	author	Virginia Woolf
Spies (novel)	author	Michael Frayn
Shock (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
The World Economy: Historical Statistics	author	Angus Maddison
The Secret of Sinharat	author	Leigh Brackett
The Sirius Mystery	author	Robert K. G. Temple
The Breast	author	Philip Roth
Krishnamurti's Notebook	author	Jiddu Krishnamurti
At the Feet of the Master	author	Jiddu Krishnamurti
London Blues	author	Anthony Frewin
Parable of the Sower (novel)	author	Octavia E. Butler
Parable of the Talents (novel)	author	Octavia E. Butler
Labbaik	author	Mumtaz Mufti
Those Who Trespass	author	Bill O'Reilly (political commentator)
Best Friends	author	Jacqueline Wilson
The High Window	author	Raymond Chandler
The Reprieve	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Troubled Sleep	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Which Way to the War	author	Jeremy Lloyd
Raja Gidh	author	Bano Qudsia
D.C. Follies	author	Larry Arnstein
D.C. Follies	author	Steve Barker
The White Hotel	author	D. M. Thomas
People of the Talisman	author	Leigh Brackett
Thr3e	author	Ted Dekker
To the Last Man (Zane Grey)	author	Zane Grey
Coot Club	author	Arthur Ransome
Comet in Moominland	author	Tove Jansson
Finn Family Moomintroll	author	Tove Jansson
Moominsummer Madness	author	Tove Jansson
The Star Fraction	author	Ken MacLeod
The Pleasure of My Company	author	Steve Martin
Fiddlers Three (play)	author	Agatha Christie
Captain Flamingo	author	Scott Albert (writer)
Captain Flamingo	author	Kate Barris
My Life (Bill Clinton autobiography)	author	Bill Clinton
The Twins at St. Clare's	author	Enid Blyton
The O'Sullivan Twins	author	Enid Blyton
King Hedley II	author	August Wilson
Epic (novel)	author	Conor Kostick
Mr. Smith (TV series)	author	George Kirgo
Mr. Smith (TV series)	author	David Lloyd (writer)
Moominland Midwinter	author	Tove Jansson
Sybil (novel)	author	Benjamin Disraeli
A Ghost in Monte Carlo	author	Barbara Cartland
Bakersfield P.D.	author	Richard Dresser
Bakersfield P.D.	author	Stephen Godchaux
Foxes' Oven	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
White Jazz	author	James Ellroy
Autobiography of Red	author	Anne Carson
Summer Term at St. Clare's	author	Enid Blyton
The Gathering (Carmody novel)	author	Loc Pham
The Lighthouse at the End of the World	author	Jules Verne
The Lighthouse at the End of the World	author	Michel Verne
Young Lions (TV series)	author	Michael Jenkins
Young Lions (TV series)	author	Shelley Birse
The Last of the Sky Pirates	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
The Last of the Sky Pirates	author	Chris Riddell
In Patagonia	author	Bruce Chatwin
Midnight Over Sanctaphrax	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
Midnight Over Sanctaphrax	author	Chris Riddell
Scooby-Doo Meets the Boo Brothers	author	Jim Ryan (writer)
Empty World	author	Samuel Youd
The Stone Pilot	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
The Stone Pilot	author	Chris Riddell
Slawter	author	Darren Shan
Robotech (TV series)	author	Carl Macek
Robotech (TV series)	author	Steve Kramer (actor)
Vox (The Edge Chronicles)	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
Vox (The Edge Chronicles)	author	Chris Riddell
The Firesign Theatre's Big Mystery Joke Book	author	The Firesign Theatre
The War of the Roses (novel)	author	Warren Adler
Deus Irae	author	Philip K. Dick
Deus Irae	author	Roger Zelazny
Allegro (musical)	author	Oscar Hammerstein II
On the Bondage of the Will	author	Martin Luther
Guilty Pleasures (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The C++ Programming Language	author	Bjarne Stroustrup
The Design and Evolution of C++	author	Bjarne Stroustrup
Cradle to Cradle: Remaking the Way We Make Things	author	William McDonough
Cradle to Cradle: Remaking the Way We Make Things	author	Michael Braungart
The Novice	author	Trudi Canavan
The Magicians' Guild	author	Trudi Canavan
The High Lord	author	Trudi Canavan
The Naked Truth (TV series)	author	Jenny Bicks
The Naked Truth (TV series)	author	Leslie Caveny
The Naked Truth (TV series)	author	Robert Cohen (writer)
The Naked Truth (TV series)	author	Allan Heinberg
The Naked Truth (TV series)	author	Gary Janetti
The Naked Truth (TV series)	author	Ken Keeler
The Naked Truth (TV series)	author	Carol Leifer
The Naked Truth (TV series)	author	Paul Lieberstein
The Naked Truth (TV series)	author	Tom Martin (writer)
The Naked Truth (TV series)	author	Phoef Sutton
The Naked Truth (TV series)	author	Rachel Sweet
The Naked Truth (TV series)	author	Chris Thompson (TV producer)
The Naked Truth (TV series)	author	Jim Vallely
The Naked Truth (TV series)	author	Mark Wilding
Catch Me When I Fall	author	Nicci French
The Assassination Bureau, Ltd	author	Jack London
The Assassination Bureau, Ltd	author	Robert L. Fish
The Dream Life of Balso Snell	author	Nathanael West
A Cool Million	author	Nathanael West
Repetition (Kierkegaard)	author	Søren Kierkegaard
Peasant Wars of the Twentieth Century	author	Eric Wolf
The Ghost Pirates	author	William Hope Hodgson
Kindred (novel)	author	Octavia E. Butler
Coco (musical)	author	Alan Jay Lerner
Into a Dark Realm	author	Raymond E. Feist
Inside Mr. Enderby	author	Anthony Burgess
Enderby Outside	author	Anthony Burgess
The Clockwork Testament, or Enderby's End	author	Anthony Burgess
Heartfire	author	Orson Scott Card
Alvin Journeyman	author	Orson Scott Card
Mephisto (novel)	author	Klaus Mann
The Beginning Was the End	author	Oscar Kiss Maerth
Elliott Smith and the Big Nothing	author	Benjamin Nugent
Secrets and Lies (Hager)	author	Nicky Hager
The Thief Lord	author	Cornelia Funke
Hooray for Diffendoofer Day!	author	Dr. Seuss
Hooray for Diffendoofer Day!	author	Jack Prelutsky
The Homecoming	author	Harold Pinter
Love All the People: Letters, Lyrics, Routines	author	Bill Hicks
Love All the People: Letters, Lyrics, Routines	author	John Lahr
Look to the Lady	author	Margery Allingham
Police at the Funeral	author	Margery Allingham
Pedro and Me	author	Judd Winick
The Crime Wave at Blandings	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Murun Buchstansangur	author	Timothy Forder
Tribulation Force	author	Tim LaHaye
Tribulation Force	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
The Black Book (1990 novel)	author	Orhan Pamuk
Woodstock (novel)	author	Walter Scott
A History of God	author	Karen Armstrong
Big Bang (book)	author	Simon Singh
Side Show	author	Bill Russell (lyricist)
The Trail of the Lonesome Pine (novel)	author	John Fox, Jr.
On Combat: The Psychology and Physiology of Deadly Conflict in War and in Peace	author	Dave Grossman (author)
Hideaway (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Insurrection (novel)	author	Thomas M. Reid
Condemnation (novel)	author	Richard Baker (game designer)
Extinction (novel)	author	Lisa Smedman
Annihilation (novel)	author	Philip Athans
Resurrection (Forgotten Realms)	author	Paul S. Kemp
The History of Mr Polly	author	H. G. Wells
Red Scarf Girl	author	Ji-li Jiang
Between Heaven and Hell (novel)	author	Peter Kreeft
The Plough and the Stars	author	Seán O'Casey
Secret Water	author	Arthur Ransome
The Picts and the Martyrs	author	Arthur Ransome
A Glastonbury Romance	author	John Cowper Powys
Nature via Nurture: Genes, Experience, & What Makes Us Human	author	Matt Ridley
Someone Comes to Town, Someone Leaves Town	author	Cory Doctorow
The End of Faith	author	Sam Harris (author)
The Trench	author	Steve Alten
A Tangled Web	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Meg: Primal Waters	author	Steve Alten
Meg: Hell's Aquarium	author	Steve Alten
Heroes Die	author	Matthew Stover
Lonely Road (novel)	author	Nevil Shute
Fellowship!	author	Kelly Holden-Bashar
Fellowship!	author	Joel McCrary
The Lucy–Desi Comedy Hour	author	Madelyn Pugh
The Lucy–Desi Comedy Hour	author	Bob Carroll, Jr.
The Lucy–Desi Comedy Hour	author	Bob Schiller
The Lucy–Desi Comedy Hour	author	Bob Weiskopf
The Highwayman (novel)	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Demon Apostle	author	R. A. Salvatore
Mortalis	author	R. A. Salvatore
Ascendance (novel)	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Witch's Daughter	author	Nina Bawden
The Dancer Upstairs	author	Nicholas Shakespeare
Blade of Tyshalle	author	Matthew Stover
The Fire Rose	author	Mercedes Lackey
Amber and Iron	author	Margaret Weis
A Dirty Job	author	Christopher Moore (author)
Shrek!	author	William Steig
Bing (search engine)	author	Microsoft
The Sea of Trolls	author	Nancy Farmer
Bloomer Girl	author	Sig Herzig
Bloomer Girl	author	Fred Saidy
Capillaria	author	Frigyes Karinthy
MacRumors	author	Arnold Kim
Commentarii de Bello Civili	author	Julius Caesar
The Rules	author	Ellen Fein
The Rules	author	Sherrie Schneider
The Cat Who Turned On and Off	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
The Drowsy Chaperone	author	Bob Martin (comedian)
The Drowsy Chaperone	author	Don McKellar
The Laughing Corpse (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Imaro (novel)	author	Charles R. Saunders
A Kestrel for a Knave	author	Barry Hines
Flannelled Fool	author	T. C. Worsley
Haggard (TV series)	author	Eric Chappell
The Simpsons Library of Wisdom	author	Matt Groening
The Tale of The Flopsy Bunnies	author	Beatrix Potter
Rudens (play)	author	Plautus
Youth: Scenes from Provincial Life II	author	J. M. Coetzee
Hum Log (TV series)	author	Manohar Shyam Joshi
Kimiya-yi sa'ādat	author	Ghazali
The Quest for Cush	author	Charles R. Saunders
The Trail of Bohu	author	Charles R. Saunders
Dirty Work (New Zealand novel)	author	Nigel Cox (author)
Wizards and Warriors (TV series)	author	Don Reo
The Last Kingdom	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Taking	author	Dean Koontz
Locked in Time	author	Lois Duncan
Open Skies, Closed Minds	author	Nick Pope
Black Empire (novel)	author	George Schuyler
The Assault	author	Harry Mulisch
The Man Who Fell in Love with the Moon	author	Tom Spanbauer
The Twelve Caesars	author	Suetonius
Sunnydale High Yearbook	author	Christopher Golden
Dawnthief	author	James Barclay
Velocity (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Coruscant Nights	author	Michael Reaves
We Didn't Mean to Go to Sea	author	Arthur Ransome
Mythago Wood	author	Robert Holdstock
Historical Atlas of the World	author	Oddavar Bjørkland
Historical Atlas of the World	author	Haakon Holmboe
Historical Atlas of the World	author	Andre Røhr
Spender	author	Jimmy Nail
Spender	author	Ian La Frenais
Spender	author	Kenneth Ladd
Spender	author	Val McLane
Baltasar and Blimunda	author	José Saramago
A Watcher in the Woods	author	Florence Engel Randall
Blood on the Moon (novel)	author	James Ellroy
Because the Night (novel)	author	James Ellroy
Lavondyss	author	Robert Holdstock
The Four-Chambered Heart	author	Anaïs Nin
Shadows in Flight	author	Orson Scott Card
The Secret Hour	author	Scott Westerfeld
Google Mars	author	Google
Might as Well Be Dead	author	Rex Stout
Hollywood Arms	author	Carrie Hamilton
Hollywood Arms	author	Carol Burnett
Behind the Paint	author	Joseph Bruce
The Great War: Breakthroughs	author	Harry Turtledove
Chambers (series)	author	Clive Coleman
Power: A New Social Analysis	author	Bertrand Russell
The Looking Glass Wars	author	Frank Beddor
Crashing the Gate	author	Markos Moulitsas
The Silent Speaker	author	Rex Stout
Lovingly Alice	author	Phyllis Reynolds Naylor
The New Journalism	author	Tom Wolfe
Heroes of Battle	author	David Noonan (game designer)
The Crew (TV series)	author	Thom Bray
The Crew (TV series)	author	Joey Murphy
The Crew (TV series)	author	John Pardee
The Crew (TV series)	author	Michael Ross (screenwriter)
My Name Is Red	author	Orhan Pamuk
Saved by the Bell: The College Years	author	Elaine Aronson
Divorcing Jack (novel)	author	Colin Bateman
Dragon's Egg	author	Robert L. Forward
The Clayhanger Family	author	Arnold Bennett
PowerDesigner	author	Xiao-Yun Wang
Theory and Practice of Muslim State in India	author	K. S. Lal
Maximum Ride: The Angel Experiment	author	James Patterson
Indian Muslims: Who Are They	author	K. S. Lal
Silverwing (novel)	author	Kenneth Oppel
The Pale Horseman	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Last Enchantment	author	Mary Stewart
Shane (novel)	author	Jack Schaefer
Planet X (Star Trek)	author	Michael Jan Friedman
The Chris Rock Show	author	Louis C.K.
The Chris Rock Show	author	Daniel Dratch
The Golden Spiders	author	Rex Stout
Too Many Cooks	author	Rex Stout
The Dark Room (Narayan novel)	author	R. K. Narayan
Three Days of Rain	author	Richard Greenberg
Dust to Dust (novel)	author	Tami Hoag
Tarzan (musical)	author	David Henry Hwang
The Child of the Cavern	author	Jules Verne
Understanding Islam through Hadis	author	Ram Swarup
The Doorbell Rang	author	Rex Stout
History of Hindu–Christian Encounters, AD 304 to 1996	author	Sita Ram Goel
Musashi (novel)	author	Eiji Yoshikawa
Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium	author	Carl Sagan
The Caged Virgin	author	Ayaan Hirsi Ali
Spy High	author	A. J. Butcher
The President Vanishes	author	Rex Stout
Bad for Business	author	Rex Stout
Number9dream	author	David Mitchell (author)
Black Swan Green	author	David Mitchell (author)
Murder in E Minor	author	Robert Goldsborough (author)
Revolting Rhymes	author	Roald Dahl
Swan Song (novel)	author	Robert R. McCammon
The Man Who Would Be Queen	author	J. Michael Bailey
Colleges That Change Lives	author	Loren Pope
Budding Prospects	author	T. Coraghessan Boyle
The Van (novel)	author	Roddy Doyle
Contra viento y marea	author	Kari Fajer
The Rise of Silas Lapham	author	William Dean Howells
Black Sun Rising	author	Celia S. Friedman
When True Night Falls	author	Celia S. Friedman
The White Tower	author	James Ramsey Ullman
Wing Commander: False Colors	author	Andrew Keith
Wing Commander: False Colors	author	William R. Forstchen
The Last Enemy	author	Richard Hillary
The Infernal Machine	author	Jean Cocteau
Rule of the Bone	author	Russell Banks
A Northern Light	author	Jennifer Donnelly
Under Western Eyes	author	Joseph Conrad
Acorna's People	author	Anne McCaffrey
Acorna's People	author	Elizabeth Ann Scarborough
Acorna's World	author	Anne McCaffrey
Acorna's World	author	Elizabeth Ann Scarborough
AT&T Worldnet	author	AT&T Corporation
The White Devil	author	John Webster
Stumbling on Happiness	author	Daniel Gilbert
The Beatrice Letters	author	Lemony Snicket
Acronis True Image	author	Acronis
Standing for Something	author	Gordon B. Hinckley
The Case of the Late Pig	author	Margery Allingham
The 13 Clocks	author	James Thurber
Bones of the Moon	author	Jonathan Carroll
Two Years' Vacation	author	Jules Verne
Asylums (book)	author	Erving Goffman
Delhi: A Novel	author	Khushwant Singh
Tau Zero	author	Poul Anderson
How I Became a Hindu	author	Sita Ram Goel
Big Planet	author	Jack Vance
Year of the Griffin	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Sisters Rosensweig	author	Wendy Wasserstein
A Long Way from Chicago	author	Richard Peck (writer)
Expendable	author	James Alan Gardner
Ayodhya and After: Issues Before Hindu Society	author	Koenraad Elst
The Hedgehog and the Fox	author	Isaiah Berlin
Asimov's Biographical Encyclopedia of Science and Technology	author	Isaac Asimov
The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin	author	Beatrix Potter
Tales of the Wizard of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
Hard Tack and Coffee	author	John D. Billings
Twilight (novel)	author	Stephenie Meyer
The Anti-Chomsky Reader	author	Peter Collier (political author)
The Anti-Chomsky Reader	author	David Horowitz
Halo: Ghosts of Onyx	author	Eric Nylund
Manalive	author	G. K. Chesterton
The Place of Dead Roads	author	William S. Burroughs
The Western Lands	author	William S. Burroughs
Marius the Epicurean	author	Walter Pater
Left Behind (novel)	author	Tim LaHaye
Left Behind (novel)	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
Amber and Ashes	author	Margaret Weis
Texas (novel)	author	James A. Michener
Bolt (website)	author	Dan Pelson
Bolt (website)	author	Jane Mount
High Windows	author	Philip Larkin
The Unconsoled	author	Kazuo Ishiguro
The Face of the Waters	author	Robert Silverberg
The Werewolf of Paris	author	Guy Endore
Fire Time	author	Poul Anderson
Interlopers	author	Alan Dean Foster
Claw Your Way to the Top: How to Become the Head of a Major Corporation in Roughly a Week	author	Dave Barry
The Book of Night with Moon (novel)	author	Diane Duane
Thank You for Smoking (novel)	author	Christopher Buckley (novelist)
Hello Again (musical)	author	Michael John LaChiusa
The Beauty Queen of Leenane	author	Martin McDonagh
The Doctors (1969 TV series)	author	Elaine Morgan (writer)
The Doctors (1969 TV series)	author	Fay Weldon
The First Lady (TV series)	author	Alan Plater
The First Lady (TV series)	author	Robert Storey
Snow (novel)	author	Orhan Pamuk
The Ambassador (TV series)	author	Hugh Costello
The Ambassador (TV series)	author	Russell Lewis
Broca's Brain (book)	author	Carl Sagan
Babylon 5: The Shadow Within	author	Jeanne Cavelos
The Tale of Mr. Jeremy Fisher	author	Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Mrs. Tittlemouse	author	Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Ginger and Pickles	author	Beatrix Potter
The Torkelsons	author	Michael Jacobs
The Torkelsons	author	Philip LaZebnik
The Torkelsons	author	Wayne Lemon
The Torkelsons	author	Norma Safford Vela
The Torkelsons	author	Arlene Sanford
The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle	author	Beatrix Potter
Greetings from Tucson	author	Michael Begler
Greetings from Tucson	author	Jeff Bye
The Custody of the Pumpkin	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Celestial Omnibus	author	E. M. Forster
The Eternal Moment	author	E. M. Forster
Brightly Burning	author	Mercedes Lackey
Lord Emsworth Acts for the Best	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Hum Paanch (sitcom)	author	Imtiaz Patel
Odes et Ballades	author	Victor Hugo
The Promise (Potok novel)	author	Chaim Potok
The Tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck	author	Beatrix Potter
The Tailor of Gloucester	author	Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Tom Kitten	author	Beatrix Potter
He's Just Not That into You	author	Greg Behrendt
He's Just Not That into You	author	Liz Tuccillo
De re metallica	author	Georgius Agricola
Rough Crossing	author	Tom Stoppard
Chandrakanta (novel)	author	Devaki Nandan Khatri
The Tale of Mr. Tod	author	Beatrix Potter
Company for Gertrude	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Paradoxes of Mr. Pond	author	G. K. Chesterton
The Go-getter	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The River (TV series)	author	Michael Aitkens
Ernesto (novel)	author	Umberto Saba
Circus of the Damned (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Mermaid Chair	author	Sue Monk Kidd
The Theory of Money and Credit	author	Ludwig von Mises
If You Could See Me Now (Cecelia Ahern novel)	author	Cecelia Ahern
In the Heart of the Country	author	J. M. Coetzee
Lord Emsworth and the Girl Friend	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Curse of Lono	author	Hunter S. Thompson
An Australian Grammar	author	Lancelot Edward Threlkeld
The Zap Gun	author	Philip K. Dick
The Anti-Capitalistic Mentality	author	Ludwig von Mises
Home Free!	author	Lanford Wilson
The Squares of the City	author	John Brunner (novelist)
Ginger Pye	author	Eleanor Estes
After the Bomb (novel)	author	Gloria D. Miklowitz
The Glass Cafe	author	Gary Paulsen
Belles on Their Toes	author	Ernestine Gilbreth Carey
Belles on Their Toes	author	Frank Bunker Gilbreth, Jr.
1633 (novel)	author	David Weber
Awakenings (book)	author	Oliver Sacks
Seola	author	Ann Eliza Smith
The Adventures of Super Diaper Baby	author	Dav Pilkey
Slim John	author	John Wiles
Slim John	author	David Campton
Slim John	author	Brian Hayles
The Calcutta Chromosome	author	Amitav Ghosh
The Taqwacores	author	Michael Muhammad Knight
Ondskan (novel)	author	Jan Guillou
Stormbreaker (novel)	author	Anthony Horowitz
Trio for Blunt Instruments	author	Rex Stout
Darkwing	author	Kenneth Oppel
Far as Human Eye Could See	author	Isaac Asimov
The Subatomic Monster	author	Isaac Asimov
Fact and Fancy	author	Isaac Asimov
Three for the Chair	author	Rex Stout
The Knight of the Sacred Lake	author	Rosalind Miles
The Princess of Dhagabad	author	Anna Kashina
Fade to Black (novel)	author	Robert Goldsborough (author)
Half Moon Investigations	author	Eoin Colfer
Pamela, or Virtue Rewarded	author	Samuel Richardson
Vincent in Brixton	author	Nicholas Wright
Atlantis High	author	James Wyllie
Atlantis High	author	Raymond Thompson
The Borgias (1981 TV series)	author	John Prebble
The Borgias (1981 TV series)	author	Ken Taylor (scriptwriter)
Warship (TV series)	author	Ian Mackintosh
Deadspin	author	Will Leitch
Boys from the Bush	author	Douglas Livingstone
Rides (TV series)	author	Carole Hayman
Fact Monster	author	Pearson PLC
Death of a Ghost	author	Margery Allingham
The Torture Garden (novel)	author	Octave Mirbeau
The Gate of Time	author	Philip José Farmer
Rogue in Space	author	Fredric Brown
The French Revolution: A History	author	Thomas Carlyle
A March to Madness	author	John Feinstein
Superior Saturday	author	Garth Nix
Lord Sunday	author	Garth Nix
Before Midnight	author	Rex Stout
Morning Star (novel)	author	Simon Raven
The Black Mountain	author	Rex Stout
Apollyon (novel)	author	Tim LaHaye
Apollyon (novel)	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
14, rue de Galais	author	André Giroux (writer)
The Fall (Garth Nix novel)	author	Garth Nix
Postmortem (novel)	author	Patricia Cornwell
The Fourth Arm (TV series)	author	Michael J. Bird
The Fourth Arm (TV series)	author	John Brason
The Tale of the Pie and the Patty-Pan	author	Beatrix Potter
Firethorn (novel)	author	Sarah Micklem
Offshore (novel)	author	Penelope Fitzgerald
Voice of the Fire	author	Alan Moore
Crossroads to Islam: The Origins of the Arab Religion and the Arab State	author	Yehuda D. Nevo
Crossroads to Islam: The Origins of the Arab Religion and the Arab State	author	Judith Koren
LibraryThing	author	Tim Spalding
Meet Ricky Gervais	author	Ricky Gervais
Meet Ricky Gervais	author	Jimmy Carr
Meet Ricky Gervais	author	Robin Ince
Meet Ricky Gervais	author	Stephen Merchant
So NoTORIous	author	Chris Alberghini
An Act of Terror	author	André Brink
Castle (novel)	author	Garth Nix
Hell to Pay (novel)	author	George Pelecanos
Above the Veil	author	Garth Nix
Aenir	author	Garth Nix
Dead on Target	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Into Battle	author	Garth Nix
The Violet Keystone	author	Garth Nix
Evil, Inc. (Hardy Boys)	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Joust (novel)	author	Mercedes Lackey
Alta (novel)	author	Mercedes Lackey
City of Joy	author	Dominique Lapierre
The Caesars (TV series)	author	Philip Mackie
Cardiac Arrest (TV series)	author	Jed Mercurio
1634: The Ram Rebellion	author	Eric Flint
1634: The Ram Rebellion	author	Virginia DeMarce
The Cops (TV series)	author	Jimmy Gardner
The Cops (TV series)	author	Robert Jones (writer)
The Cops (TV series)	author	Anita J. Pandolfo
Cult of Crime	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Gospel of Filth	author	Gavin Baddeley
The Magellanic Cloud	author	Stanisław Lem
Border Country (novel)	author	Raymond Williams
Losing You (Nicci French novel)	author	Nicci French
Farewell Summer	author	Ray Bradbury
Hangman's Curse	author	Frank E. Peretti
Over Here!	author	Will Holt
Oh, Boy! (musical)	author	Guy Bolton
Oh, Boy! (musical)	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Egyptology: Search for the Tomb of Osiris	author	Dugald Steer
Savrola	author	Winston Churchill
A Boy's Own Story	author	Edmund White
Raiders of the Lost Car Park	author	Robert Rankin
What Happened to Mr. Forster?	author	Gary W. Bargar
High Society (TV series)	author	Lisa Albert
A Little Curious	author	Carin Greenberg
A Little Curious	author	Nicholas Hollander
A Little Curious	author	Becky Mode
A Little Curious	author	Alana Sanko
A Little Curious	author	Frederick J. Stroppel
The Powers of Matthew Star	author	Steven E. de Souza
The Powers of Matthew Star	author	Gil Grant
The Powers of Matthew Star	author	Richard Christian Matheson
Winds of Fury	author	Mercedes Lackey
Horrible Geography	author	Anita Ganeri
The Befrienders	author	Harry W. Junkin
The Befrienders	author	Chad Varah
Adiamante	author	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
Winds of Fate	author	Mercedes Lackey
The Wicked Day	author	Mary Stewart
Delta House	author	John Hughes (filmmaker)
Delta House	author	Michael Tolkin
The Ruins of Ambrai	author	Melanie Rawn
The Mageborn Traitor	author	Melanie Rawn
God Speaks	author	Meher Baba
This Is How It Goes	author	Neil LaBute
Fire on the Mountain (1988 novel)	author	Terry Bisson
SoftMaker Office	author	SoftMaker
Westinghouse Studio One	author	Worthington Miner
Westinghouse Studio One	author	Reginald Rose
Westinghouse Studio One	author	Rod Serling
Westinghouse Studio One	author	Joseph Liss
Westinghouse Studio One	author	Mel Goldberg
Westinghouse Studio One	author	Patrick Alexander (novelist)
Many Moons	author	James Thurber
Dzur	author	Steven Brust
Teckla	author	Steven Brust
The Tigers of Mompracem	author	Emilio Salgari
The Pirates of Malaysia	author	Emilio Salgari
The Shadow Lines	author	Amitav Ghosh
City of the Beasts	author	Isabel Allende
Frisky Dingo	author	Adam Reed
Frisky Dingo	author	Matt Thompson (animator)
Take Me Along	author	Joseph Stein
Take Me Along	author	Robert W. Russell
Parasite Eve	author	Hideaki Sena
Oh Canada! Oh Quebec! Requiem for a Divided Country	author	Mordecai Richler
Excalibur (novel)	author	Sanders Anne Laubenthal
Horsemen of the Esophagus	author	Jason Fagone
A Son Called Gabriel	author	Damian McNicholl
Never the Same Again	author	Jerry Tschappat
The World of Normal Boys	author	K. M. Soehnlein
Dream Children	author	A. N. Wilson
The Fourth of June	author	David Benedictus
Lord Dismiss Us	author	Michael Campbell
Blue/Orange	author	Joe Penhall
The Expert (TV series)	author	N. J. Crisp
The Expert (TV series)	author	Gerard Glaister
Memories and Portraits	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Jhereg (novel)	author	Steven Brust
Lakota Woman	author	Mary Brave Bird
Lakota Woman	author	Richard Erdoes
I, Q	author	John de Lancie
Icon (novel)	author	Frederick Forsyth
Yendi (novel)	author	Steven Brust
This Earth of Mankind	author	Pramoedya Ananta Toer
Waiting for Godalming	author	Robert Rankin
The Curse of Capistrano	author	Johnston McCulley
Child of the Dark Prophecy	author	T. A. Barron
Up the Garden Path	author	Sue Limb
Terre Haute (novel)	author	Will Aitken
Eon (novel)	author	Greg Bear
Vatta's War	author	Elizabeth Moon
Vatta's War  Marque and Reprisal   1	author	Elizabeth Moon
Vatta's War  Engaging the Enemy   1	author	Elizabeth Moon
Vatta's War  Command Decision   1	author	Elizabeth Moon
Vatta's War  Victory Conditions   1	author	Elizabeth Moon
The Company (novel)	author	Robert Littell (author)
The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster	author	Bobby Henderson (author)
The Acceptance World	author	Anthony Powell
At Lady Molly's	author	Anthony Powell
The Kindly Ones (novel)	author	Anthony Powell
Flight from the Dark	author	Joe Dever
The Deathlord of Ixia	author	Joe Dever
Ilsa (novel)	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Star Science Fiction Stories No.3	author	Frederik Pohl
Smirt	author	James Branch Cabell
Mozart!	author	Michael Kunze
Lady into Fox	author	David Garnett
The Wandering Fire	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
Worst Case Scenarios (TV series)	author	Stan Evans
Worst Case Scenarios (TV series)	author	Ari Gottfried
Pat and Margaret	author	Victoria Wood
The Bridge over the River Kwai	author	Pierre Boulle
Doctor Zhivago	author	Boris Pasternak
The House of the Seven Gables	author	Nathaniel Hawthorne
Return from the Stars	author	Stanisław Lem
The Silence of the Lambs (novel)	author	Thomas Harris
Critical Chain (novel)	author	Eliyahu M. Goldratt
Andromaque	author	Jean Racine
Company (novel)	author	Max Barry
The Inheritors (William Golding)	author	William Golding
Evelien	author	Karin van der Meer
The Runes of the Earth	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
When Jonathan Died	author	Tony Duvert
The Social Construction of Reality	author	Peter L. Berger
The Social Construction of Reality	author	Thomas Luckmann
Marrow (novel)	author	Robert Reed (author)
Next to Normal	author	Brian Yorkey
Dragons of Autumn Twilight	author	Margaret Weis
Dragons of Autumn Twilight	author	Tracy Hickman
Dragons of Winter Night	author	Margaret Weis
Dragons of Winter Night	author	Tracy Hickman
Dragons of Spring Dawning	author	Margaret Weis
Quantum Theology	author	Diarmuid O'Murchu
Plainsong (novel)	author	Kent Haruf
The Voodoo Plot	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Immoralist	author	André Gide
Luna (novel)	author	Julie Anne Peters
The Lifted Veil	author	George Eliot
True Blue: The Oxford Boat Race Mutiny	author	Daniel Topolski
True Blue: The Oxford Boat Race Mutiny	author	Patrick Robinson (author)
The Woodwright's Shop	author	Roy Underhill
The Temple of Dawn	author	Yukio Mishima
Black Water (novel)	author	D. J. MacHale
The Lieutenant of Inishmore	author	Martin McDonagh
North and South (TV serial)	author	Elizabeth Gaskell
North and South (TV serial)	author	Sandy Welch
The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy	author	John Mearsheimer
The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy	author	Stephen Walt
Cold Mountain (novel)	author	Charles Frazier
The Redwall Cookbook	author	Brian Jacques
Polaroids from the Dead	author	Douglas Coupland
Caedmon's Song	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
Raven's Gate	author	Anthony Horowitz
The Riders	author	Tim Winton
Touching from a Distance	author	Ian Curtis
The Night of Wenceslas	author	Lionel Davidson
Memoirs of Many in One	author	Patrick White
Harbinger (Star Trek novel)	author	David Alan Mack
Georges (novel)	author	Alexandre Dumas
White Mughals	author	William Dalrymple (historian)
Avoidance (novel)	author	Michael Lowenthal
Fade (novel)	author	Robert Cormier
Dream Boy	author	Jim Grimsley
The Decay of the Angel	author	Yukio Mishima
America (novel)	author	E.R. Frank
Punk Farm	author	Jarrett J. Krosoczka
Point Blanc	author	Anthony Horowitz
Showdown (Dekker novel)	author	Ted Dekker
The Matarese Countdown	author	Robert Ludlum
Lifehacker	author	Gina Trapani
Eric, or, Little by Little	author	Frederic William Farrar
The Demon Awakens	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Demon Spirit	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Final Showdown	author	Jude Watson
Caramelo	author	Sandra Cisneros
Largo Winch (TV series)	author	Gail Morgan Hickman
Twice in a Lifetime (TV series)	author	Neil Landau
Twice in a Lifetime (TV series)	author	Pam Long
Twice in a Lifetime (TV series)	author	Steve Sohmer
Obsessed (novel)	author	Ted Dekker
Fear (novella)	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Nightmare Academy	author	Frank E. Peretti
Brothers in Arms: Hell's Highway    1	author	John Antal
Dialogue with Death	author	Arthur Koestler
Avenger Penguins	author	Jimmy Hibbert
Last Seen Wearing ... (Hillary Waugh novel)	author	Hillary Waugh
Have You Lived Before This Life	author	L. Ron Hubbard
The Curse of the Pharaohs (novel)	author	Barbara Mertz
Capitalism and Freedom	author	Milton Friedman
Love Monkey (novel)	author	Kyle Smith
The Key (Curley novel)	author	Marianne Curley
Curse of the Starving Class	author	Sam Shepard
The Death of Tintagiles	author	Maurice Maeterlinck
Of Men and Monsters	author	William Tenn
Covington Cross	author	Beverly Bridges
Covington Cross	author	Chris Ruppenthal
City Boy: The Adventures of Herbie Bookbinder	author	Herman Wouk
U.tv	author	UTV
Armageddon's Children	author	Terry Brooks
The Wedding of Zein	author	Tayeb Salih
The Day Lasts More Than a Hundred Years	author	Chinghiz Aitmatov
The Descent (novel)	author	Jeff Long (writer)
Classmates.com	author	Randy Conrads
Petey	author	Ben Mikaelsen
The Little Endless Storybook	author	Jill Thompson
Mlle. Modiste	author	Henry Blossom
High Priest (book)	author	Timothy Leary
Once Upon a Time (TV series)	author	Edward Kitsis
Once Upon a Time (TV series)	author	Adam Horowitz (screenwriter)
All Fall Down (novel)	author	James Leo Herlihy
The Lunatic Cafe (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Shenandoah (musical)	author	Philip Rose (theatrical producer)
Shenandoah (musical)	author	James Lee Barrett
The Tales of Ise	author	Anonymity
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly	author	Jean-Dominique Bauby
Bang Bang You're Dead	author	William Mastrosimone
A Gathering of Old Men	author	Ernest J. Gaines
Dark Is the Sun	author	Philip José Farmer
Holy Fire (novel)	author	Bruce Sterling
Java (software platform)	author	James Gosling
The Dream (novel)	author	H. G. Wells
The Fire Engine That Disappeared	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
Five Quarters of the Orange	author	Joanne Harris
The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love	author	Oscar Hijuelos
The Mummy Case	author	Barbara Mertz
This (journal)	author	Barrett Watten
This (journal)	author	Robert Grenier (poet)
Silent Coup	author	Silent Coup
Silent Coup	author	Silent Coup
Death of a Naturalist	author	Seamus Heaney
What Katy Did	author	Sarah Chauncey Woolsey
Racing Demon (play)	author	David Hare (playwright)
Empire of the Ants (1991 novel)	author	Bernard Werber
Les Thanatonautes	author	Bernard Werber
The Tattooed Potato and Other Clues	author	Ellen Raskin
The Poe Shadow	author	Matthew Pearl
The Story of the Malakand Field Force	author	Winston Churchill
The Broken Vase	author	Rex Stout
Waylander (novel)	author	David Gemmell
Rogue Moon	author	Algis Budrys
J. R. R. Tolkien: A Biography	author	Humphrey Carpenter
Truthdig	author	Robert Scheer
Truthdig	author	Zuade Kaufman
The Scarlet Brotherhood	author	Sean K. Reynolds
The World Jones Made	author	Philip K. Dick
Waylander II: In the Realm of the Wolf	author	David Gemmell
Ayesha (novel)	author	H. Rider Haggard
Dynamical Theory of Crystal Lattices	author	Max Born
Dynamical Theory of Crystal Lattices	author	Huang Kun
We Can Build You	author	Philip K. Dick
The Tree of Hands	author	Ruth Rendell
Our Friends from Frolix 8	author	Philip K. Dick
The Foundation Pit	author	Andrei Platonov
Adventures in Time and Space	author	Raymond J. Healy
Adventures in Time and Space	author	J. Francis McComas
Pafko at the Wall	author	Don DeLillo
The Hollowing	author	Robert Holdstock
Bloody Bones (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
You Wish (TV series)	author	Michael Jacobs
You Wish (TV series)	author	Susan Estelle Jansen
You Wish (TV series)	author	Andrew Nicholls and Darrell Vickers
You Wish (TV series)	author	Steve Pepoon
You Wish (TV series)	author	David Silverman
You Wish (TV series)	author	Andrew Nicholls and Darrell Vickers
Female Chauvinist Pigs	author	Ariel Levy
L=A=N=G=U=A=G=E (magazine)	author	Charles Bernstein
Masquerades	author	Kate Novak
Masquerades	author	Jeff Grubb
Complete Psionic	author	Bruce Cordell
Complete Psionic	author	Christopher Lindsay
Arms and Equipment Guide	author	Jon Pickens
The Haunted Mesa	author	Louis L'Amour
The Mountain Wreath	author	Petar II Petrović-Njegoš
Nobuta wo Produce	author	Gen Shiraiwa
Nobuta wo Produce	author	Izumi Kizara
The Paul Street Boys	author	Ferenc Molnár
Against the Blade of Honour	author	Gu Long
The Game-Players of Titan	author	Philip K. Dick
Before the Golden Age	author	Isaac Asimov
The Werewolf of Fever Swamp	author	R. L. Stine
The Unteleported Man	author	Philip K. Dick
The Red Napoleon	author	Floyd Gibbons
Forty Years Among the Indians	author	Daniel Webster Jones (Mormon)
The Steep Approach to Garbadale	author	Iain Banks
Among the Impostors	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Pedro Páramo	author	Juan Rulfo
Not Quite Dead Enough	author	Rex Stout
The Only Game in Town	author	John Bibee
Portal Through Time	author	Alice Henderson
Bicycle Hills	author	John Bibee
Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon	author	Daniel Dennett
No Place Like Earth	author	John Wyndham
Night Frost	author	R. D. Wingfield
Lessons from a Sheep Dog	author	Phillip Keller
The Art of Intrusion	author	Kevin Mitnick
Clans of the Alphane Moon	author	Philip K. Dick
The Houses of Iszm	author	Jack Vance
Small Steps (novel)	author	Louis Sachar
44 Scotland Street	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Women and Economics	author	Charlotte Perkins Gilman
Regina (program)	author	J. Hyam Rubinstein
Chessgame	author	John Brason
The Bishop's Mantle	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
Martin (play)	author	Alasdair Gray
Hornblower and the Crisis	author	C. S. Forester
Rose Daughter	author	Robin McKinley
A Daughter of Heth	author	William Black (novelist)
Spindle's End	author	Robin McKinley
The Showgirl Princess	author	Kylie Minogue
The Pact	author	Jodi Picoult
His Religion and Hers	author	Charlotte Perkins Gilman
March (novel)	author	Geraldine Brooks (writer)
We All Fall Down (Eric Walters novel)	author	Eric Walters
A Gift from Earth	author	Larry Niven
The Fireclown	author	Michael Moorcock
Catherine, Called Birdy	author	Karen Cushman
Rude Dog	author	Hank Saroyan
The Hugo Winners	author	Isaac Asimov
Geomancer (Well of Echoes)	author	Ian Irvine
Dawn of the Dragons	author	Joe Dever
The Buccaneers of Shadaki	author	Joe Dever
The Syro-Aramaic Reading of the Koran	author	Christoph Luxenberg
We Need to Talk About Kevin	author	Lionel Shriver
Bomarzo (novel)	author	Manuel Mujica Láinez
New Arabian Nights	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Everyman (novel)	author	Philip Roth
The Whipping Boy	author	Sid Fleischman
Cotton Patch Gospel	author	Tom Key
Cotton Patch Gospel	author	Russell Treyz
Agrippa (a book of the dead)	author	William Gibson
The Legacy of Vashna	author	Joe Dever
A New Kind of Family	author	Robert Illes
A New Kind of Family	author	James R. Stein
Star Surgeon	author	James White (author)
Ambulance Ship	author	James White (author)
Fire on the Water	author	Joe Dever
The Caverns of Kalte	author	Joe Dever
Time to Depart	author	Lindsey Davis
Sto Para Pente	author	Giorgos Kapoutzidis
Sk8 (TV series)	author	Thomas W. Lynch
Sk8 (TV series)	author	Douglas Sloan
All About Us (TV series)	author	Lois Bromfield
All About Us (TV series)	author	Elizabeth Craft and Sarah Fain
All About Us (TV series)	author	Amy and Wendy Engelberg
Counter-Clock World	author	Philip K. Dick
Ivanov (play)	author	Anton Chekhov
The Killing Dance (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Postwar: A History of Europe Since 1945	author	Tony Judt
The Ghost at Skeleton Rock	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Scrambled States of America	author	Laurie Keller
Open Wide: Tooth School Inside	author	Laurie Keller
Arnie the Doughnut	author	Laurie Keller
Grandpa Gazillion's Number Yard	author	Laurie Keller
The Flying Sorcerers	author	Larry Niven
The Flying Sorcerers	author	David Gerrold
The House of Dies Drear	author	Virginia Hamilton
Out from Boneville	author	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
A Coyote's in the House	author	Elmore Leonard
The Knights of the Cross	author	Henryk Sienkiewicz
The Harsh Cry of the Heron	author	Gillian Rubinstein
Heaven's Net is Wide	author	Gillian Rubinstein
Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House (novel)	author	Eric Hodgins
Scientology: A History of Man	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Hornblower and the Atropos	author	C. S. Forester
Three Hands in the Fountain	author	Lindsey Davis
Henry and Ribsy	author	Beverly Cleary
King David's Spaceship	author	Jerry Pournelle
The Graduate (novel)	author	Charles Webb (author)
Night Without End	author	Alistair MacLean
The Executioner (book series)	author	Don Pendleton
Gregor the Overlander	author	Suzanne Collins
Stuart Little: The Animated Series	author	Rick Wilkie
Baidu Baike	author	Robin Li
ITV Local	author	ITV plc
Misteriosa Buenos Aires	author	Manuel Mujica Láinez
La casa	author	Manuel Mujica Láinez
El laberinto	author	Manuel Mujica Láinez
El gran teatro	author	Manuel Mujica Láinez
The New Republic (novel)	author	William Hurrell Mallock
The Lambing Flat	author	Nerida Newton
Death of a Whaler	author	Nerida Newton
The Ship (novel)	author	C. S. Forester
Dear John (UK TV series)	author	John Sullivan (writer)
Stronghold (novel)	author	Melanie Rawn
Bumageddon: The Final Pongflict	author	Andy Griffiths
Aliens in the Family	author	Andy Borowitz
Aliens in the Family	author	Patricia Marx
Aliens in the Family	author	Charlie Rubin
O Crime do Padre Amaro	author	José Maria de Eça de Queiroz
The Tale of Little Pig Robinson	author	Beatrix Potter
City of God (novel)	author	Paulo Lins
The American Embassy	author	Kip Koenig
The American Embassy	author	James D. Parriott
Iberia (book)	author	James A. Michener
The Book of the Dead (novel)	author	Douglas Preston
The Book of the Dead (novel)	author	Lincoln Child
Lovelock	author	Orson Scott Card
Cruising (novel)	author	Gerald Walker (writer)
Great Lies to Tell Small Kids	author	Andy Riley
Fripp (novel)	author	Miles Tredinnick
Amnesia Moon	author	Jonathan Lethem
Race Differences in Intelligence (book)	author	Richard Lynn
Young Adam	author	Alexander Trocchi
The Merry Men and Other Tales and Fables	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
What the Dormouse Said	author	John Markoff
The Roads to Sata	author	Alan Booth
The Iron Hand of Mars	author	Lindsey Davis
The Silver Pigs	author	Lindsey Davis
Island at War	author	Stephen Mallatratt
The Great Cow Race	author	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
Eyes of the Storm	author	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
The Dragonslayer	author	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
Rock Jaw: Master of the Eastern Border	author	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
Old Man's Cave	author	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
Ghost Circles	author	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
Crown of Horns (book)	author	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
A Ship of the Line	author	C. S. Forester
Dealing with Dragons	author	Patricia Wrede
The Clock Winder	author	Anne Tyler
Andersonville (novel)	author	MacKinlay Kantor
Safe Area Goražde	author	Joe Sacco
Rough Ride	author	Paul Kimmage
Brother Fish	author	Bryce Courtenay
The River (Gary Paulsen novel)	author	Gary Paulsen
Polio: An American Story	author	David Oshinsky
The Unlimited Dream Company	author	J. G. Ballard
Bound and Gagged: Pornography and the Politics of Fantasy in America	author	Laura Kipnis
The Cindy Margolis Show	author	Steve Sobel
The Cindy Margolis Show	author	Emma Wilson
Deafening	author	Frances Itani
Tom and Jerry Tales	author	Joseph Barbera
Tom and Jerry Tales	author	Charles Schneider
Tom and Jerry Tales	author	Spike Brandt and Tony Cervone
Tom and Jerry Tales	author	Spike Brandt and Tony Cervone
Tom and Jerry Tales	author	Chris Painter
Tom and Jerry Tales	author	Tom Minton
Tom and Jerry Tales	author	Mark Turosz
Tom and Jerry Tales	author	Bradley Zweig
Les Parents terribles	author	Jean Cocteau
Facing the Future	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
Facing the Future	author	Tim LaHaye
Drood	author	Rupert Holmes
The Call of Cthulhu and Other Weird Stories	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Morpho Eugenia	author	A. S. Byatt
The Lords of the North	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Chasm of Doom	author	Joe Dever
Shadow on the Sand	author	Joe Dever
The Kingdoms of Terror	author	Joe Dever
Sharpe's Fury	author	Bernard Cornwell
Castle Death	author	Joe Dever
The Jungle of Horrors	author	Joe Dever
The Cauldron of Fear	author	Joe Dever
The Dungeons of Torgar	author	Joe Dever
The Prisoners of Time	author	Joe Dever
The Masters of Darkness	author	Joe Dever
The Plague Lords of Ruel	author	Joe Dever
The Captives of Kaag	author	Joe Dever
The Darke Crusade	author	Joe Dever
Icebound (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
The Curse of Naar	author	Joe Dever
The Codex (novel)	author	Douglas Preston
Under the Eagle	author	Simon Scarrow
Night Chills	author	Dean Koontz
The Vision (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
The Key to Midnight	author	Dean Koontz
The Face of Fear	author	Dean Koontz
Whispers (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
The Voice of the Night	author	Dean Koontz
The Funhouse (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
The Mask (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
The Eyes of Darkness	author	Dean Koontz
The House of Thunder	author	Dean Koontz
White Dog (book)	author	Romain Gary
Dr. Ox's Experiment	author	Jules Verne
Darkfall (Koontz novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Twilight Eyes	author	Dean Koontz
The Door to December	author	Dean Koontz
Strangers (Dean Koontz novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Shadow Fires	author	Dean Koontz
Watchers (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
The Servants of Twilight	author	Dean Koontz
Lightning (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Midnight (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
The Bad Place	author	Dean Koontz
Cold Fire (Koontz novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Mr. Murder	author	Dean Koontz
Dragon Tears	author	Dean Koontz
The Last Gentleman (novel)	author	Walker Percy
Invasion (1975 novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Dark Rivers of the Heart	author	Dean Koontz
Intensity (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Denshin 8 go	author	Ishioka Takamitsu
The Ruling Class (novel)	author	Francine Pascal
The Crack in Space	author	Philip K. Dick
Tyrannosaur Canyon	author	Douglas Preston
Dance of Death (novel)	author	Douglas Preston
Dance of Death (novel)	author	Lincoln Child
Leap of Faith : Memoirs of an Unexpected Life	author	Queen Noor of Jordan
Peter Schlemiel	author	Adelbert von Chamisso
Air (novel)	author	Geoff Ryman
Flying Colours (novel)	author	C. S. Forester
Wolf's Bane	author	Joe Dever
Higher-Order Perl	author	Mark Jason Dominus
The Grantville Gazettes	author	Eric Flint
Demon Seed (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Sole Survivor (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Fear Nothing (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
False Memory (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
One Door Away from Heaven	author	Dean Koontz
From the Corner of His Eye	author	Dean Koontz
By the Light of the Moon	author	Dean Koontz
Prodigal Son (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
The Husband	author	Dean Koontz
Brother Odd	author	Dean Koontz
City of Night (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
City of Night (novel)	author	Edward Gorman
Forever Odd	author	Dean Koontz
Grindl	author	Jay Sommers
Grindl	author	Burt Styler
Grindl	author	David Swift (director)
King & King	author	King & King
King & King	author	King & King
The Sissy Duckling	author	Harvey Fierstein
Daddy's Roommate	author	Michael Willhoite
Who's in a Family?	author	Robert Skutch
Sheep (novel)	author	Simon Maginn
Dead Calm	author	Charles Williams (U.S. author)
The Eiger Sanction	author	Trevanian
Marley & Me	author	John Grogan (journalist)
Saintspeak	author	Orson Scott Card
Dr. Futurity	author	Philip K. Dick
The World Made Straight	author	Ron Rash
Brian's Winter	author	Gary Paulsen
Chicka Chicka Boom Boom	author	Bill Martin, Jr.
Chicka Chicka Boom Boom	author	John Archambault
Voyage of the Shadowmoon	author	Sean McMullen
A Rather English Marriage	author	Angela Lambert
Spider Riders	author	Yōsuke Kuroda
The Eternal Champion (novel)	author	Michael Moorcock
Vote for the Worst	author	Dave Della Terza
The Tale of Johnny Town-Mouse	author	Beatrix Potter
An Age	author	Brian Aldiss
Don't Stop the Carnival (novel)	author	Herman Wouk
Green for Danger	author	Christianna Brand
Bloody Jack (novel)	author	L.A. Meyer
Mistress of Spices	author	Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni
And Tango Makes Three	author	Peter Parnell
And Tango Makes Three	author	Justin Richardson
Dragonfly (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
The Lost Language of Cranes	author	David Leavitt
Three Day Road	author	Joseph Boyden
Wolfbane (novel)	author	Frederik Pohl
Wolfbane (novel)	author	Cyril M. Kornbluth
The Space Merchants	author	Frederik Pohl
The Space Merchants	author	Cyril M. Kornbluth
The Princess Diaries, Volume II: Princess in the Spotlight	author	Meg Cabot
The Rag and Bone Shop	author	Robert Cormier
Codes, Ciphers and Other Cryptic and Clandestine Communication	author	Fred B. Wrixon
The Ego and the Id	author	Sigmund
Solomon's Stone	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Miracles on Maple Hill	author	Virginia Sorenson
My Cat Likes to Hide in Boxes	author	Lynley Dodd
My Cat Likes to Hide in Boxes	author	Eve Sutton
Fail-Safe (novel)	author	Eugene Burdick
The Vampire Prince	author	Darren Shan
Hunters of the Dusk	author	Darren Shan
Killers of the Dawn	author	Darren Shan
Changeling (novel)	author	Roger Zelazny
Madwand	author	Roger Zelazny
Lord Demon	author	Roger Zelazny
Lord Demon	author	Jane Lindskold
Barney's Version (novel)	author	Mordecai Richler
Montauk Project (book)	author	Preston Nichols
Montauk Project (book)	author	Peter Moon
The Benny Hill Show	author	Benny Hill
Newsical	author	Rick Crom
Stopped at Stalingrad	author	Joel Hayward
The Viceroy of Ouidah	author	Bruce Chatwin
Initng	author	Jimmy Wennlund
Today with Kris Aquino	author	Jillmer Dy
Behind the Scenes at the Museum	author	Kate Atkinson
Brian's Hunt	author	Gary Paulsen
La Chatte	author	Colette
Xavras Wyżryn	author	Jacek Dukaj
Flashman (novel)	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Lost City	author	Clive Cussler
Lost City	author	Paul Kemprecos
Hunter (Pierce novel)	author	William Luther Pierce
When Bad Things Happen to Good People	author	Harold Kushner
The Day of the Scorpion	author	Paul Mark Scott
The Cat Who Came to Breakfast	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Revenge of the Lawn	author	Richard Brautigan
The American Boy's Handy Book	author	Daniel Carter Beard
Royal Flash	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flash for Freedom!	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman in the Great Game	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman at the Charge	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Camino de Perfección	author	Teresa of Ávila
Flashman's Lady	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman and the Redskins	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman and the Dragon	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman and the Mountain of Light	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman and the Angel of the Lord	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman and the Tiger	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Flashman on the March	author	George MacDonald Fraser
Mr American	author	George MacDonald Fraser
33 Snowfish	author	Adam Rapp
Birdy (novel)	author	William Wharton (author)
Heaven Knows, Mr. Allison (novel)	author	Charles Shaw (writer)
Barbary Coast (TV series)	author	Douglas Heyes
Mountains Beyond Mountains	author	Tracy Kidder
Donnerjack	author	Roger Zelazny
Donnerjack	author	Jane Lindskold
The House on the Borderland	author	William Hope Hodgson
Sarum (novel)	author	Edward Rutherfurd
Us Girls	author	Lisselle Kayla
A Dying Light in Corduba	author	Lindsey Davis
MASH: A Novel About Three Army Doctors	author	Richard Hooker (author)
The Hunger of Sejanoz	author	Joe Dever
Where Rainbows End	author	Cecelia Ahern
The Brethren (non-fiction)	author	Bob Woodward
The Champion Maker	author	Kevin Joseph
The Impending Crisis of the South	author	Hinton Rowan Helper
On the Shore of the Wide World	author	Simon Stephens
Cobra II	author	Michael R. Gordon
Cobra II	author	Bernard E. Trainor
Archer's Goon	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Ultimate Guide to Anal Sex for Women	author	Tristan Taormino
Lion in the Valley	author	Barbara Mertz
Double Whammy (novel)	author	Carl Hiaasen
Just as Long as We're Together (novel)	author	Judy Blume
Places I Never Meant to Be	author	Judy Blume
Call for the Dead	author	John le Carré
A Murder of Quality	author	John le Carré
In Custody (novel)	author	Anita Desai
Iggie's House	author	Judy Blume
Otherwise Known as Sheila the Great	author	Judy Blume
Forever... (novel)	author	Judy Blume
The Unvanquished	author	William Faulkner
More Die of Heartbreak	author	Saul Bellow
Will You Please Be Quiet, Please?	author	Raymond Carver
Honey Vicarro	author	Daniel Knauf
Cracking India	author	Bapsi Sidhwa
Vampirium	author	Joe Dever
How to Stop Worrying and Start Living	author	Dale Carnegie
The Fall of Blood Mountain	author	Joe Dever
Trail of the Wolf	author	Joe Dever
Rune War	author	Joe Dever
Mydnight's Hero	author	Joe Dever
Voyage of the Moonstone	author	Joe Dever
Nastanirh	author	Rabindranath Tagore
The Tower on the Rift	author	Ian Irvine
Dark is the Moon	author	Ian Irvine
The Way Between the Worlds	author	Ian Irvine
Not Before Sundown	author	Johanna Sinisalo
The Eleventh Hour (book)	author	Graeme Base
A Good Scent from a Strange Mountain	author	Robert Olen Butler
Definitely Maybe (novel)	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
From the Ashes (Dungeons & Dragons)	author	Carl Sargent
Wild at Heart (book)	author	John Eldredge
The Future and Its Enemies	author	Virginia Postrel
The Phish Book	author	Phish
All American Boy	author	William J. Mann
Vector (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
The Living and the Dead (1954 novel)	author	Boileau-Narcejac
The Da Vinci Code	author	Dan Brown
Akhnaton (play)	author	Agatha Christie
Wikipedia	author	Jimmy Wales
Wikipedia	author	Larry Sanger
Birds Without Wings (novel)	author	Louis de Bernières
Tetrarch (Well of Echoes)	author	Ian Irvine
Citizen Cyborg	author	James Hughes (sociologist)
The Rotters' Club (novel)	author	Jonathan Coe
How the Irish Saved Civilization	author	Thomas Cahill
Gangtokey Gondogol	author	Satyajit Ray
The Passion According to G.H.	author	Clarice Lispector
How to Be Cool	author	Philip Pullman
A Cry in the Night (novel)	author	Mary Higgins Clark
Honus & Me	author	Dan Gutman
Another Day of Life	author	Ryszard Kapuściński
Ashes and Diamonds	author	Jerzy Andrzejewski
Them: Adventures with Extremists	author	Jon Ronson
Power-Up: How Japanese Video Games Gave the World an Extra Life	author	Chris Kohler
Searching for God Knows What	author	Donald Miller (author)
Edinburgh (novel)	author	Alexander Chee
The Coming Storm	author	Paul Russell (novelist)
A Short History of Tractors in Ukrainian	author	Marina Lewycka
The Manchurian Candidate	author	Richard Condon
The Pain and the Great One	author	Judy Blume
Starring Sally J. Freedman as Herself	author	Judy Blume
Wifey (novel)	author	Judy Blume
Smart Women	author	Judy Blume
Fudge-a-Mania	author	Judy Blume
Trace (novel)	author	Patricia Cornwell
Here's to You, Rachel Robinson	author	Judy Blume
Star King	author	Jack Vance
The One in the Middle Is the Green Kangaroo	author	Judy Blume
Burnt Offerings (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Man Who Walked Through Time	author	Colin Fletcher
The Thousand Mile Summer	author	Colin Fletcher
The Complete Walker	author	Colin Fletcher
The Complete Walker	author	Chip Rawlins
Aliens: Colonial Marines Technical Manual	author	Lee Brimmicombe-Wood
Islands in the Stream (novel)	author	Ernest Hemingway
Shadow (book)	author	Bob Woodward
Shuttle Down	author	G. Harry Stine
Grey Gardens (musical)	author	Doug Wright
A History of US	author	Joy Hakim
The Face (Vance)	author	Jack Vance
The Killing Machine	author	Jack Vance
Room at the Top (novel)	author	John Braine
The Judy Blume Diary	author	Judy Blume
Letters to Judy: What Kids Wish They Could Tell You	author	Judy Blume
For the Term of His Natural Life	author	Marcus Clarke
Corduroy (book)	author	Don Freeman
Death in Holy Orders	author	P. D. James
The Murder Room	author	P. D. James
The Skull Beneath the Skin	author	P. D. James
Devices and Desires	author	P. D. James
Original Sin (novel)	author	P. D. James
Empire Square	author	Matt Morgan (comedian)
The Interruption of Everything	author	Terry McMillan
The Cripple of Inishmaan	author	Martin McDonagh
Multitude: War and Democracy in the Age of Empire	author	Michael Hardt
Multitude: War and Democracy in the Age of Empire	author	Antonio Negri
Sweet Danger	author	Margery Allingham
The Silver Sword	author	Ian Serraillier
An Actor Prepares	author	Constantin Stanislavski
Tuck Everlasting	author	Natalie Babbitt
The Thing on the Doorstep and Other Weird Stories	author	H. P. Lovecraft
In Praise of Slow	author	Carl Honoré
Sideways (novel)	author	Rex Pickett
The Big Six	author	Arthur Ransome
Missee Lee	author	Arthur Ransome
Nemesis (Nesbø novel)	author	Jo Nesbø
The Tar-Aiym Krang	author	Alan Dean Foster
Bloodhype	author	Alan Dean Foster
Orphan Star	author	Alan Dean Foster
The End of the Matter	author	Alan Dean Foster
Islands in the Sky	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Flinx in Flux	author	Alan Dean Foster
Menace in Europe: Why the Continent's Crisis Is America's, Too	author	Claire Berlinski
For Love of Mother-Not	author	Alan Dean Foster
It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown	author	Charles M. Schulz
Mid-Flinx	author	Alan Dean Foster
You're in the Super Bowl, Charlie Brown	author	Charles M. Schulz
Reunion (novel)	author	Alan Dean Foster
A Cavern of Black Ice	author	J. V. Jones
The Naïve and Sentimental Lover	author	John le Carré
A Small Town in Germany	author	John le Carré
The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh    1	author	Richard Woodley
Havana (novel)	author	Stephen Hunter
Flinx's Folly	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Sterile Cuckoo (novel)	author	John Nichols (American writer)
Sliding Scales	author	Alan Dean Foster
Running from the Deity	author	Alan Dean Foster
TechCrunch	author	Michael Arrington
Trouble Magnet	author	Alan Dean Foster
Patrimony (novel)	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Dharma of Star Wars	author	Matthew Bortolin
Spellsinger (novel)	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Hour of the Gate	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Day of the Dissonance	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Moment of the Magician	author	Alan Dean Foster
Atlantis Found	author	Clive Cussler
The Paths of the Perambulator	author	Alan Dean Foster
Blue Moon (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
9tail Fox	author	Jon Courtenay Grimwood
Bloomability	author	Sharon Creech
Gandalara Cycle	author	Randall Garrett
Medicine River	author	Thomas King (novelist)
Charlie Siringo's West: An Interpretive Biography	author	Howard R. Lamar
Chinese Cinderella	author	Adeline Yen Mah
A Long Short War: The Postponed Liberation of Iraq	author	Christopher Hitchens
Kassandra (TV series)	author	Delia Fiallo
Jeff Dunham: Arguing with Myself	author	Jeff Dunham
The Time of the Transference	author	Alan Dean Foster
Perfect Dark: Initial Vector	author	Greg Rucka
Son of Spellsinger	author	Alan Dean Foster
Chorus Skating	author	Alan Dean Foster
Settling Accounts: In at the Death	author	Harry Turtledove
Bazil Broketail (novel)	author	Christopher Rowley
A Sword for a Dragon	author	Christopher Rowley
Dragons of War	author	Christopher Rowley
Battledragon	author	Christopher Rowley
The Captal's Tower	author	Melanie Rawn
The Dragon Token	author	Melanie Rawn
Skybowl	author	Melanie Rawn
Evolution of the Vertebrates	author	Edwin Harris Colbert
Evolution of the Vertebrates	author	Michael Morales (geologist)
Evolution of the Vertebrates	author	Eli C. Minkoff
Doña Bárbara	author	Rómulo Gallegos
Catriona (novel)	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Vertebrate Palaeontology (Benton)	author	Michael Benton
The Riddle of the Wren	author	Charles de Lint
Attack from Atlantis	author	Lester del Rey
Scrutator	author	Ian Irvine
Chimaera (Well of Echoes)	author	Ian Irvine
Curse of the Mistwraith	author	Janny Wurts
F.M. (novel)	author	Boris Akunin
Ships of Merior	author	Janny Wurts
Warhost of Vastmark	author	Janny Wurts
Halloween Is Grinch Night	author	Dr. Seuss
Miss Hickory	author	Carolyn Sherwin Bailey
The Trial of Henry Kissinger	author	Christopher Hitchens
Harm's Way (novel)	author	James Bassett (author)
The Second Summer of the Sisterhood	author	Ann Brashares
Ender in Exile	author	Orson Scott Card
The Room (play)	author	Harold Pinter
See How They Run (play)	author	Philip King (playwright)
Ancient Mysteries	author	Tom Jennings
Ancient Mysteries	author	Gregory Orr
The Last Albatross	author	Ian Irvine
Terminator Gene	author	Ian Irvine
Endymion Spring	author	Endymion Spring
The Life Lottery	author	Ian Irvine
It's Like This, Cat	author	Emily Cheney Neville
Fugitive Prince	author	Janny Wurts
Grand Conspiracy	author	Janny Wurts
Peril's Gate	author	Janny Wurts
Traitor's Knot	author	Janny Wurts
Stormed Fortress	author	Janny Wurts
How Late It Was, How Late	author	James Kelman
Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day	author	Judith Viorst
The Tartar Steppe	author	Dino Buzzati
The Captive Mind	author	Czesław Miłosz
The Political Zoo	author	Michael Savage (commentator)
Grantville Gazette II	author	Eric Flint
See What I Wanna See	author	Michael John LaChiusa
Nightingale (musical)	author	Charles Strouse
Aztec (novel)	author	Gary Jennings
Obsidian Butterfly	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Two Women (novel)	author	Alberto Moravia
Dragons of Argonath	author	Christopher Rowley
Londonistan: How Britain is Creating a Terror State Within	author	Melanie Phillips
Dragon Ultimate	author	Christopher Rowley
A Dragon at Worlds' End	author	Christopher Rowley
Occasional Wife	author	John Erman
Occasional Wife	author	Martin Ragaway
A Fan's Notes	author	Frederick Exley
Wild Magic	author	Tamora Pierce
Hobgoblin (novel)	author	John Coyne (writer)
Primary Inversion	author	Catherine Asaro
The Sunday Philosophy Club	author	Alexander McCall Smith
A Great and Terrible Beauty	author	Libba Bray
Justine (novel)	author	Lawrence Durrell
Toxin (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
1634: The Galileo Affair	author	Eric Flint
1635: The Cannon Law	author	Eric Flint
1634: The Baltic War	author	Eric Flint
1634: The Baltic War	author	David Weber
Grantville Gazette III	author	Eric Flint
Rider at the Gate	author	C. J. Cherryh
Cloud's Rider	author	C. J. Cherryh
Altar Boyz	author	Kevin Del Aguila
The Palace of Love	author	Jack Vance
Necessary Roughness (book)	author	Marie Lee
The Prophet (book)	author	Khalil Gibran
Snugglepot and Cuddlepie	author	May Gibbs
Top Banana (musical)	author	Hy Kraft
King Dork	author	Frank Portman
The Loner	author	Robert Lewin
The Loner	author	Rod Serling
Schott's Almanac	author	Ben Schott
The Casino Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
Kissing the Gunner's Daughter	author	Ruth Rendell
Checkers (novel)	author	John Marsden (writer)
Sir Harry Hotspur of Humblethwaite	author	Anthony Trollope
The Harmony Silk Factory	author	Tash Aw
The Soul of a Butterfly	author	Muhammad Ali
The Soul of a Butterfly	author	Hana Yasmeen Ali
Being Dead (novel)	author	Jim Crace
Blitzkrieg: From the Rise of Hitler to the Fall of Dunkirk	author	Len Deighton
Google Web Toolkit	author	Google
The Autocrat of the Breakfast-Table	author	Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.
Cotillion (novel)	author	Georgette Heyer
The Biographer's Tale	author	A. S. Byatt
Arc Light	author	Eric L. Harry
A Fortress of Grey Ice	author	J. V. Jones
I Love You, You're Perfect, Now Change	author	Joe DiPietro
The Quiet Gentleman	author	Georgette Heyer
The Toll-Gate	author	Georgette Heyer
April Lady	author	Georgette Heyer
Dreadnought (book)	author	Robert K. Massie
Joe Turner's Come and Gone	author	August Wilson
Narcissus in Chains	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Party of Death	author	Ramesh Ponnuru
Hannibal (novel)	author	Thomas Harris
The Golden Egg	author	Tim Krabbé
The Siege of Krishnapur	author	James Gordon Farrell
Firstborn (novel)	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Firstborn (novel)	author	Stephen Baxter
Vulcan's Hammer	author	Philip K. Dick
Seeking Whom He May Devour	author	Fred Vargas
Calling Out for You	author	Karin Fossum
The Lover (2004 novel)	author	Laura Wilson (writer)
Fox Evil	author	Minette Walters
A Small Death in Lisbon	author	Robert Wilson (crime novelist)
Acid Row	author	Minette Walters
In My Father's Den	author	Maurice Gee
Blacklist (novel)	author	Sara Paretsky
Midworld	author	Alan Dean Foster
One of Ours	author	Willa Cather
Cachalot (novel)	author	Alan Dean Foster
Voyage to the City of the Dead	author	Alan Dean Foster
Sentenced to Prism	author	Alan Dean Foster
Sacrament (novel)	author	Clive Barker
The Howling Stones	author	Alan Dean Foster
Drowning World	author	Alan Dean Foster
Eureka! (TV series)	author	David Stansfield
Eureka! (TV series)	author	Denise Boiteau
In a Free State	author	V. S. Naipaul
Evil Star (novel)	author	Anthony Horowitz
The Medusa Touch	author	Peter Van Greenaway
Phoenix in Obsidian	author	Michael Moorcock
The Unknown Ajax	author	Georgette Heyer
Bad Bargain	author	Diana G. Gallagher
The War of Don Emmanuel's Nether Parts	author	Louis de Bernières
Utopia (Lincoln Child novel)	author	Lincoln Child
Blast from the Past (novel)	author	Ben Elton
How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying (book)	author	Shepherd Mead
The House of Dr. Edwardes	author	Hilary Saint George Saunders
The House of Dr. Edwardes	author	John Palmer (author)
The City in the Autumn Stars	author	Michael Moorcock
The Laughter of Carthage	author	Michael Moorcock
The Lady from the Sea	author	Henrik Ibsen
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas	author	John Boyne
If Beale Street Could Talk	author	James Baldwin
The Archaeology of Knowledge	author	Michel Foucault
Witness (novel)	author	Karen Hesse
Time and Again (novel)	author	Jack Finney
The Order of Things	author	Michel Foucault
Cerulean Sins (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Gentleman Junkie and Other Stories of the Hung-Up Generation	author	Harlan Ellison
The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis	author	Jacques Lacan
The Emperor (book)	author	Ryszard Kapuściński
The Making of a Moonie	author	Eileen Barker
A Demon in My View	author	Ruth Rendell
Athyra	author	Steven Brust
Noisy Nora	author	Rosemary Wells
Doing It	author	Melvin Burgess
A Sharp Intake of Breath	author	Vince Powell
Toccio the Angel	author	Akira Toriyama
Ashanti to Zulu: African Traditions	author	Margaret Musgrove
The Family Trade	author	Charles Stross
Meccan Trade and the Rise of Islam	author	Patricia Crone
To Ride Hell's Chasm	author	Janny Wurts
Legions of Hell	author	C. J. Cherryh
You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown (TV special)	author	Charles M. Schulz
You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown (TV special)	author	Clark Gesner
Tenafly (TV series)	author	Richard Levinson
Tenafly (TV series)	author	William Link
The House of Stairs (Barbara Vine novel)	author	Ruth Rendell
Snakecharm	author	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
Falcondance	author	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
Hilltop Hospital	author	Nicholas Allan
Thirteen Steps Down	author	Ruth Rendell
The Rottweiler	author	Ruth Rendell
Deep Secret	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Babes in the Wood	author	Ruth Rendell
The Thief (novella)	author	Ruth Rendell
The Water's Lovely	author	Ruth Rendell
Piranha to Scurfy	author	Ruth Rendell
Shah of Shahs	author	Ryszard Kapuściński
Mr. Muo's Travelling Couch	author	Dai Sijie
A Man Named Dave	author	Dave Pelzer
Harm Done	author	Ruth Rendell
A Sight For Sore Eyes (novel)	author	Ruth Rendell
Road Rage (novel)	author	Ruth Rendell
The Keys to the Street	author	Ruth Rendell
Kristin Lavransdatter	author	Sigrid Undset
A Fine Dark Line (novel)	author	Joe R. Lansdale
Simisola	author	Ruth Rendell
Wrong Planet	author	Alex Plank
The Crocodile Bird	author	Ruth Rendell
Phylogenesis (novel)	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Copper Peacock	author	Ruth Rendell
Dirge (novel)	author	Alan Dean Foster
Journey to the Center of the Earth (TV series)	author	Don R. Christensen
Journey to the Center of the Earth (TV series)	author	Barry Gaines
Shadows in Bronze	author	Lindsey Davis
Poseidon's Gold	author	Lindsey Davis
Last Act in Palmyra	author	Lindsey Davis
Diuturnity's Dawn	author	Alan Dean Foster
Going Wrong	author	Ruth Rendell
The Bridesmaid	author	Ruth Rendell
The Veiled One	author	Ruth Rendell
Talking to Strange Men	author	Ruth Rendell
Heartstones	author	Ruth Rendell
The New Girlfriend	author	Ruth Rendell
Woman on the Edge of Time	author	Marge Piercy
An Unkindness of Ravens	author	Ruth Rendell
Forbidden (Cooney novel)	author	Caroline B. Cooney
The Deeds of the Disturber	author	Barbara Mertz
Yo Gabba Gabba!	author	Christian Jacobs
The Woman in White (musical)	author	Charlotte Jones (writer)
The Woman in White (novel)	author	Wilkie Collins
A Briefer History of Time (Schulman book)	author	Eric Schulman
A Briefer History of Time (Hawking and Mlodinow book)	author	Stephen Hawking
A Briefer History of Time (Hawking and Mlodinow book)	author	Leonard Mlodinow
OpenBIOS  OpenBOOT   1	author	Sun Microsystems
The Jewel in the Crown (novel)	author	Paul Mark Scott
The Towers of Silence	author	Paul Mark Scott
A Division of the Spoils	author	Paul Mark Scott
Vortex (novel)	author	Larry Bond
Vortex (novel)	author	Patrick Larkin
The Loss of El Dorado	author	V. S. Naipaul
The Winter King	author	Bernard Cornwell
Enemy of God (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
Glory Lane	author	Alan Dean Foster
Created By	author	Richard Christian Matheson
Gem of the Ocean	author	August Wilson
The Killing Doll	author	Ruth Rendell
The Speaker of Mandarin	author	Ruth Rendell
The Garden of Abdul Gasazi	author	Chris Van Allsburg
Pig Island (novel)	author	Mo Hayder
The Real Majority	author	Ben J. Wattenberg
The Real Majority	author	Richard M. Scammon
Excalibur: A Novel of Arthur	author	Bernard Cornwell
Bulugh al-Maram	author	Ibn Hajar al-Asqalani
Can't Stop Won't Stop	author	Jeff Chang (journalist)
The French Connection (book)	author	Robin Moore
Zombie Prom	author	John Dempsey (lyricist)
Fires of Azeroth	author	C. J. Cherryh
Gate of Ivrel	author	C. J. Cherryh
Well of Shiuan	author	C. J. Cherryh
Exile's Gate	author	C. J. Cherryh
Ordinary Jack	author	Helen Cresswell
The Grand Duchy of Karameikos	author	Aaron Allston
Breakfast in the Ruins	author	Michael Moorcock
Udayar (novel)	author	V. Balakumaran
Cities in Flight	author	James Blish
Eight Days of Luke	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Specimen Days	author	Michael Cunningham
To Mock a Mockingbird	author	Raymond Smullyan
Wild C.A.T.s (TV series)	author	David Wise (composer)
Jim Baen's Universe	author	Eric Flint
Jim Baen's Universe	author	Jim Baen
Jim Baen's Universe	author	Mike Resnick
The Cat Ate My Gymsuit	author	Paula Danziger
The Fever Tree	author	Ruth Rendell
Master of the Moor	author	Ruth Rendell
Put on By Cunning	author	Ruth Rendell
The Lake of Darkness	author	Ruth Rendell
The World of Peter Rabbit and Friends	author	Beatrix Potter
The World of Peter Rabbit and Friends	author	Dianne Jackson
Means of Evil	author	Ruth Rendell
A Sleeping Life	author	Ruth Rendell
Dawn (Wiesel novel)	author	Elie Wiesel
Torments of the Traitor	author	Ian Irvine
The Black Flame (novel)	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
The Last Camel Died at Noon	author	Barbara Mertz
Fabchannel.com	author	Justin Kniest
Running Out of Time (novel)	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Omg!	author	Yahoo! News
Incubus Dreams (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Agile Project Management (book)	author	Jim Highsmith
There's a Bat in Bunk Five	author	Paula Danziger
The Most Amazing Man Who Ever Lived	author	Robert Rankin
A Thousand Lies	author	Laura Wilson (writer)
Truth and Bright Water	author	Thomas King (novelist)
Body of Secrets	author	James Bamford
Prisoners of Love (fictional play)	author	List of The Producers characters#Franz Liebkind
Something to Answer For	author	P. H. Newby
Jalna (novel)	author	Mazo de la Roche
The Fallen Curtain	author	Ruth Rendell
Shake Hands Forever	author	Ruth Rendell
The Face of Trespass	author	Ruth Rendell
Some Lie and Some Die	author	Ruth Rendell
Murder Being Once Done	author	Ruth Rendell
No More Dying Then	author	Ruth Rendell
One Across, Two Down	author	Ruth Rendell
A Guilty Thing Surprised	author	Ruth Rendell
The Best Man to Die	author	Ruth Rendell
The Secret House of Death	author	Ruth Rendell
A New Lease of Death	author	Ruth Rendell
Wolf to the Slaughter	author	Ruth Rendell
Vanity Dies Hard	author	Ruth Rendell
The Desperate Hours (play)	author	Joseph Hayes (author)
To Fear a Painted Devil	author	Ruth Rendell
Naver	author	NHN Corporation
The Godfather Returns	author	Mark Winegardner
The Godfather's Revenge	author	Mark Winegardner
Summer of the Monkeys	author	Wilson Rawls
Lion's Blood	author	Steven Barnes
The Ape Who Guards the Balance	author	Barbara Mertz
Dante's Equation	author	Jane Jensen
Two to Conquer	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Family Secrets (novel)	author	Norma Klein
I Am Not Spock	author	Leonard Nimoy
The Minotaur (novel)	author	Ruth Rendell
The Dream of Scipio (novel)	author	Iain Pears
The Blood Doctor	author	Ruth Rendell
Mazes and Monsters (novel)	author	Rona Jaffe
Grasshopper (novel)	author	Ruth Rendell
The Chimney-sweeper's Boy	author	Ruth Rendell
Imagining Argentina	author	Lawrence Thornton
Red Dragon (novel)	author	Thomas Harris
The Day After Tomorrow (TV special)	author	Johnny Byrne (writer)
Micah Clarke	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Midnight Rain (novel)	author	Holly Lisle
The Capeman	author	Paul Simon
The Capeman	author	Derek Walcott
The Dragon Can't Dance	author	Earl Lovelace
Hollywood, Interrupted	author	Mark Ebner
Hollywood, Interrupted	author	Andrew Breitbart
The Door (novel)	author	Magda Szabó
No Man Knows My History: The Life of Joseph Smith	author	Fawn M. Brodie
Ancestors of Avalon	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Comrade Dad	author	Ian Davidson (scriptwriter)
Half-Broken Things	author	Morag Joss
The Master of Petersburg	author	J. M. Coetzee
The True Story of the Three Little Pigs	author	Jon Scieszka
The True Story of the Three Little Pigs	author	Lane Smith (illustrator)
The Happy Hocky Family!	author	Lane Smith
The Happy Hocky Family Moves to the Country!	author	Lane Smith (illustrator)
Kiss the Girls	author	James Patterson
Among the Betrayed	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
The Osterman Weekend	author	Robert Ludlum
BadJocks.com	author	Bob Reno
The Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain (1999 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
As the Crow Flies (novel)	author	Jeffrey Archer
Last Orders	author	Graham Swift
Asimov's Guide to Shakespeare	author	Isaac Asimov
Go-Go Beach (musical)	author	John Wimbs
Jurassic Park (novel)	author	Michael Crichton
Future Cop (TV series)	author	Allen S. Epstein
Future Cop (TV series)	author	Anthony Wilson
The Lost Boy	author	Dave Pelzer
The Hawk Eternal	author	David Gemmell
The Balkans Since 1453	author	L. S. Stavrianos
No Longer Human	author	Osamu Dazai
Among the Barons	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
It's Spring Training, Charlie Brown	author	Charles M. Schulz
It Was My Best Birthday Ever, Charlie Brown	author	Charles M. Schulz
Snoopy!!! The Musical (TV special)	author	Charles M. Schulz
Debug (command)	author	Tim Paterson
The Foundling and Other Tales from Prydain	author	Lloyd Alexander
The White Mercedes	author	Philip Pullman
The Penguin Encyclopedia of Horror and the Supernatural	author	Jack Sullivan (literary scholar)
The Undercover Economist	author	Tim Harford
Butley (play)	author	Simon Gray
The Front Runner	author	Patricia Nell Warren
The Bisexual Option	author	Fritz Klein
A Pretext for War	author	James Bamford
Godless: The Church of Liberalism	author	Ann Coulter
In Search of a Distant Voice	author	Taichi Yamada
N-Space (short story collection)	author	Larry Niven
Gormenghast (TV serial)	author	Malcolm McKay
FETCH! with Ruff Ruffman	author	Jim Conroy
The Halloween Tree (1993 TV film)	author	Ray Bradbury
The Loveday Loyalty	author	Kate Tremayne
Serious Money	author	Caryl Churchill
What About Joan?	author	Paige Bernhardt
What About Joan?	author	Chris Downey
Enter the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
Good Morning, World	author	James L. Brooks
Good Morning, World	author	Sam Denoff
Good Morning, World	author	Bill Idelson
Good Morning, World	author	Bill Persky
My Brother Sam Is Dead	author	James Lincoln Collier
My Brother Sam Is Dead	author	Christopher Collier (historian)
Micah (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Old New Land	author	Theodor Herzl
Stv.tv	author	STV (TV network)
Petals on the Wind	author	V. C. Andrews
If There Be Thorns	author	V. C. Andrews
Seeds of Yesterday	author	V. C. Andrews
The Three Evangelists	author	Fred Vargas
Garden of Shadows	author	V. C. Andrews
Have Mercy on Us All	author	Fred Vargas
Heaven (Casteel Series)	author	V. C. Andrews
Dark Angel (Casteel Series)	author	V. C. Andrews
The Black Book (1993 novel)	author	Ian Rankin
There's a Boy in the Girls' Bathroom	author	Louis Sachar
Three Lives	author	Gertrude Stein
Man on Fire (novel)	author	A. J. Quinnell
Fallen Hearts	author	V. C. Andrews
Web of Dreams	author	V. C. Andrews
Dawn (Andrews novel)	author	V. C. Andrews
Secrets of the Morning	author	V. C. Andrews
Twilight's Child	author	V. C. Andrews
Midnight Whispers	author	V. C. Andrews
Ruby (Andrews novel)	author	V. C. Andrews
Knots and Crosses	author	Ian Rankin
To Live Again (novel)	author	Robert Silverberg
The River of Time	author	David Brin
Marnie	author	Winston Graham
Otherness (book)	author	David Brin
Psycho (novel)	author	Robert Bloch
Clue (musical)	author	Peter De Pietro
Soft City	author	Jonathan Raban
Hide and Seek (novel)	author	Ian Rankin
Tooth and Nail (novel)	author	Ian Rankin
Strip Jack	author	Ian Rankin
The Stranger (Chris Van Allsburg book)	author	Chris Van Allsburg
Mortal Causes	author	Ian Rankin
Let It Bleed (novel)	author	Ian Rankin
De Bello Africo	author	Julius Caesar
De Bello Alexandrino	author	Julius Caesar
Involuntary Witness	author	Gianrico Carofiglio
Black and Blue (novel)	author	Ian Rankin
Poison (novel)	author	Alexander Kielland
The Hanging Garden (novel)	author	Ian Rankin
Dead Souls (1999 novel)	author	Ian Rankin
Set in Darkness	author	Ian Rankin
Resurrection Men	author	Ian Rankin
Big: the musical	author	John Weidman
A Question of Blood	author	Ian Rankin
The Falls (Rankin novel)	author	Ian Rankin
Fleshmarket Close	author	Ian Rankin
The Naming of the Dead	author	Ian Rankin
Kisarazu Cat's Eye	author	Kankurō Kudō
Google Code	author	Google
A Dictionary of Maqiao	author	Han Shaogong
The Hiding Place (biography)	author	Corrie ten Boom
Peveril of the Peak	author	Walter Scott
Weir of Hermiston	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Fair Maid of Perth	author	Walter Scott
Anne of Geierstein	author	Walter Scott
Witch Hunt (novel)	author	Ian Rankin
Bleeding Hearts	author	Ian Rankin
Blood Hunt	author	Ian Rankin
Before the Fact	author	Anthony Berkeley Cox
The Talented Mr. Ripley	author	Patricia Highsmith
The Gene Wars universe	author	C. J. Cherryh
The Gene Wars universe  Forge of Heaven   1	author	C. J. Cherryh
Alternate Realities (Cherryh)	author	C. J. Cherryh
On Acting	author	Laurence Olivier
Confessions of an Actor: An Autobiography	author	Laurence Olivier
Obernewtyn (novel)	author	Isobelle Carmody
Farseekers	author	Isobelle Carmody
The Keeping Place	author	Isobelle Carmody
Secret Windows	author	Stephen King
The Eye (novel)	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Darkfall (Carmody novel)	author	Isobelle Carmody
Primal Fear (novel)	author	William Diehl
A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake	author	Joseph Campbell
A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake	author	Henry Morton Robinson
The Swords Trilogy	author	Michael Moorcock
The Swords Trilogy  The Knight of the Swords   1	author	Michael Moorcock
The Swords Trilogy  The Queen of the Swords   1	author	Michael Moorcock
The Swords Trilogy  The King of the Swords   1	author	Michael Moorcock
Beyond the Down Low	author	Keith Boykin
Drift House: The First Voyage	author	Dale Peck
The Professor of Desire	author	Philip Roth
The Writer's Journey: Mythic Structure for Writers	author	Christopher Vogler
Dreams from My Father	author	Barack Obama
The Last Hero (The Saint)	author	Leslie Charteris
The Naked Woman	author	Desmond Morris
Forty Thousand in Gehenna	author	C. J. Cherryh
The Maid of Arran	author	L. Frank Baum
Space Station Seventh Grade	author	Jerry Spinelli
The Begum's Fortune	author	Jules Verne
45 (book)	author	Bill Drummond
The Prophet of Yonwood	author	Jeanne DuPrau
Old Man's War	author	John Scalzi
In Defense of Global Capitalism	author	Johan Norberg
To Reign in Hell	author	Steven Brust
Sharpe's Waterloo (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Lost Weekend (novel)	author	Charles R. Jackson
Devil to the Belt	author	C. J. Cherryh
The Innocent Man: Murder and Injustice in a Small Town	author	John Grisham
The God Delusion	author	Richard Dawkins
The Survival of St. Joan	author	James Lineberger
Someday Angeline	author	Louis Sachar
The People of Paper	author	Salvador Plascencia
Featuring the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
French Leave (de Larrabeiti)	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
The Redwater Raid	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
A Rose Beyond the Thames	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
The Bunce	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
David Copperfield (1999 film)	author	Adrian Hodges
The Hollywood Takes	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
Alias the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
She Was a Lady	author	Leslie Charteris
Critic's Choice (play)	author	Ira Levin
The Bronze God of Rhodes	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Ozzie's Girls	author	Ozzie Nelson
The Black Moth	author	Georgette Heyer
Night Work	author	Laurie R. King
To Play the Fool	author	Laurie R. King
With Child	author	Laurie R. King
The Art of Detection	author	Laurie R. King
A Monstrous Regiment of Women	author	Laurie R. King
A Letter of Mary	author	Laurie R. King
Absolute Zero (novel)	author	Helen Cresswell
Miss Liberty	author	Robert E. Sherwood
The Holy Terror (The Saint)	author	Leslie Charteris
Getaway (The Saint)	author	Leslie Charteris
Once More the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
Presumed Innocent	author	Scott Turow
Serpent's Reach	author	C. J. Cherryh
The Brighter Buccaneer	author	Leslie Charteris
The Misfortunes of Mr. Teal	author	Leslie Charteris
An Elephant for Aristotle	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Boodle (The Saint)	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint Goes On	author	Leslie Charteris
Billiards at Half-past Nine	author	Heinrich Böll
Seven Little Australians	author	Ethel Turner
Cats Have No Lord	author	Will Shetterly
Contingency, Hegemony, Universality	author	Judith Butler
Contingency, Hegemony, Universality	author	Ernesto Laclau
Contingency, Hegemony, Universality	author	Slavoj Žižek
Stalingrad (book)	author	Antony Beevor
What to Do After You Hit Return or P.C.C.'s First Book of Computer Games	author	Bob Albrecht
Killing Time in St. Cloud	author	Judith Guest
Killing Time in St. Cloud	author	Rebecca Hill
Around the Moon	author	Jules Verne
The Ace of Knaves	author	Leslie Charteris
Thieves' Picnic	author	Leslie Charteris
The Fall of Neskaya	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Fall of Neskaya	author	Deborah J. Ross
Prelude for War	author	Leslie Charteris
The Devil's Tune	author	Iain Duncan Smith
The Doctor's Wife	author	Sawako Ariyoshi
Follow the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
The Happy Highwayman	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint in Miami	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint Goes West	author	Leslie Charteris
Saturnin (novel)	author	Zdeněk Jirotka
The Day of the Dog	author	George Barr McCutcheon
The Saint Steps In	author	Leslie Charteris
Der Glöckner von Notre Dame	author	James Lapine
The Saint on Guard	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint Sees it Through	author	Leslie Charteris
Call for the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
Throat Sprockets	author	Tim Lucas
Saint Errant	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint in Europe	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint on the Spanish Main	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint Around the World	author	Leslie Charteris
Thanks to the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
Hex (novel)	author	Rhiannon Lassiter
The Hardy Boys Detective Handbook	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The 80's: A Look Back at the Tumultuous Decade 1980-1989	author	Tony Hendra
The 80's: A Look Back at the Tumultuous Decade 1980-1989	author	Christopher Cerf
The 80's: A Look Back at the Tumultuous Decade 1980-1989	author	Peter Elbling
Concept of the Corporation	author	Peter Drucker
Desecration (novel)	author	Tim LaHaye
Desecration (novel)	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
The Regime (novel)	author	Tim LaHaye
The Regime (novel)	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
Rimrunners	author	C. J. Cherryh
Señor Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint to the Rescue	author	Leslie Charteris
Tripoint (novel)	author	C. J. Cherryh
Merchanter's Luck	author	C. J. Cherryh
Finity's End	author	C. J. Cherryh
Trust the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
Fame, Glory, and Other Things on My To Do List	author	Janette Rallison
The Saint in the Sun	author	Leslie Charteris
Vuk (novel)	author	István Fekete
Glide Path	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Enrique's Journey	author	Sonia Nazario
Kira-Kira	author	Cynthia Kadohata
Terry Jones' Barbarians	author	Terry Jones
A Feast Unknown	author	Philip José Farmer
An Anthropologist on Mars	author	Oliver Sacks
Eternity (novel)	author	Greg Bear
The Last Season: A Team in Search of Its Soul	author	Phil Jackson
The Baker's Wife	author	Joseph Stein
Caroline, or Change	author	Tony Kushner
Draconomicon	author	Nigel Findley
Draconomicon	author	Christopher Kubasik
Draconomicon	author	Carl Sargent
Draconomicon    1	author	Skip Williams
Draconomicon    1	author	James Wyatt (game designer)
The Organon of the Healing Art	author	Samuel Hahnemann
Ghost Stories of an Antiquary	author	M. R. James
The Saint on TV	author	Fleming Lee
The Saint on TV	author	John Kruse
The Saint on TV	author	Leslie Charteris
The Two of Them	author	Joanna Russ
The Saint Returns	author	Fleming Lee
The Saint Returns	author	D. R. Motton
The Saint Returns	author	Leigh Vance
The Saint Returns	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint and the Fiction Makers	author	Fleming Lee
The Saint and the Fiction Makers	author	John Kruse
The Saint and the Fiction Makers	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint Abroad	author	Fleming Lee
The Saint Abroad	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint in Pursuit	author	Fleming Lee
The Saint in Pursuit	author	Leslie Charteris
The Zanzibar Cat	author	Joanna Russ
The Dragon of the Ishtar Gate	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Lord of the Trees	author	Philip José Farmer
Never End	author	Åke Edwardson
The Saint and the People Importers	author	Fleming Lee
The Saint and the People Importers	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint and the People Importers	author	Donald James
Catch the Saint	author	Fleming Lee
Catch the Saint	author	Norman Worker
Catch the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint and the Hapsburg Necklace	author	Christopher Short
The Saint and the Hapsburg Necklace	author	Leslie Charteris
Locked Rooms	author	Laurie R. King
Towards the End of the Morning	author	Michael Frayn
Disinformation (TV series)	author	Richard Metzger
Lost (novel)	author	Gregory Maguire
Cain's Hundred	author	Eliot Asinof
Cain's Hundred	author	Robert Culp
Cain's Hundred	author	Fred Freiberger
Cain's Hundred	author	David Karp (novelist)
Cain's Hundred	author	Daniel Mainwaring
Cain's Hundred	author	Paul Monash
Cain's Hundred	author	Jim Thompson (writer)
Lost Souls (Poppy Z. Brite novel)	author	Poppy Z. Brite
Exquisite Corpse (novel)	author	Poppy Z. Brite
Fairy Tales (Terry Jones book)	author	Terry Jones
Send for the Saint	author	Peter Bloxsom
Send for the Saint	author	John Kruse
Send for the Saint	author	Donald James
Send for the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint in Trouble	author	Graham Weaver
The Saint in Trouble	author	Terence Feely
The Saint in Trouble	author	John Kruse
The Saint in Trouble	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint and the Templar Treasure	author	Graham Weaver
The Saint and the Templar Treasure	author	Donne Avenell
The Saint and the Templar Treasure	author	Leslie Charteris
Count on the Saint	author	Graham Weaver
Count on the Saint	author	Donne Avenell
Count on the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
Salvage for the Saint	author	Peter Bloxsom
Salvage for the Saint	author	John Kruse
Salvage for the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
Capture the Saint	author	Burl Barer
Capture the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
Hyperland	author	Douglas Adams
Half-Life (novel)	author	Aaron Krach
The Education of Max Bickford	author	David Black
The Education of Max Bickford	author	Linda Burstyn
Londonstani	author	Gautam Malkani
A Whole New Mind	author	Daniel H. Pink
Freckles (novel)	author	Gene Stratton-Porter
La Tormenta	author	Tabare Perez
La Tormenta	author	Humberto "Kico" Olivieri
La Tormenta	author	Isamar Hernández
La Tormenta	author	Carolina Diaz
La Tormenta	author	Alejandro Vergara
Profiles in Terror	author	Aaron Mannes
Out of This World (musical)	author	Dwight Taylor (writer)
Out of This World (musical)	author	Reginald Lawrence
The Darkest Road	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
Moondyne	author	John Boyle O'Reilly
The Flanders Panel	author	Arturo Pérez-Reverte
The Secret World of Og	author	Pierre Berton
The Fourth Bear	author	Jasper Fforde
The Ordeal of Gilbert Pinfold	author	Evelyn Waugh
The Magnificent Evans	author	Roy Clarke
The Right to Arm Bears	author	Gordon R. Dickson
The Snake, the Crocodile, and the Dog	author	Barbara Mertz
Ealdwood Stories	author	C. J. Cherryh
Ealdwood	author	C. J. Cherryh
The Charnel Prince	author	Gregory Keyes
Crash (1996 novel)	author	Jerry Spinelli
The Sweetest Fig	author	Chris Van Allsburg
Modesty Blaise (novel)	author	Peter O'Donnell
Sabre-Tooth	author	Peter O'Donnell
A Taste for Death (Modesty Blaise)	author	Peter O'Donnell
The Impossible Virgin	author	Peter O'Donnell
Last Day in Limbo	author	Peter O'Donnell
Dragon's Claw	author	Peter O'Donnell
The Xanadu Talisman	author	Peter O'Donnell
The Night of Morningstar	author	Peter O'Donnell
Dead Man's Handle	author	Peter O'Donnell
Jack Maggs	author	Peter Carey (novelist)
The Final Reflection	author	John M. Ford
Junior (novel)	author	Macaulay Culkin
The Book on Adler	author	Søren Kierkegaard
The Gospel According to Adam	author	Muhammad Aladdin
The Frog Prince, Continued	author	Jon Scieszka
Race, Evolution, and Behavior	author	J. Philippe Rushton
The Wild Geese (novel)	author	Mori Ōgai
After the First Death	author	Robert Cormier
Un Lun Dun	author	China Miéville
Mutineers' Moon	author	David Weber
Tarzán	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan: The Epic Adventures  Tarzan: The Epic Adventures   1	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Keeper of the Isis Light	author	Monica Hughes
The Last Thing He Wanted	author	Joan Didion
Conundrum (novel)	author	Jeff Crook
Cuckoo's Egg (novel)	author	C. J. Cherryh
The Lioness (novel)	author	Nancy Varian Berberick
Dark Thane	author	Jeff Crook
Vampirates: Demons of the Ocean	author	Justin Somper
Spin (novel)	author	Robert Charles Wilson
Fear Is the Key	author	Alistair MacLean
Darwin Streaming Server	author	Apple Inc.
Clarence (TV series)	author	Ronnie Barker
Borkmann's Point	author	Håkan Nesser
Dr. Franklin's Island	author	Gwyneth Jones (novelist)
Memoirs of a Survivor	author	Doris Lessing
The Twenty-Seventh City	author	Jonathan Franzen
The Bancroft Strategy	author	Robert Ludlum
Australia in the War of 1939–1945	author	Gavin Long
Seven Guitars	author	August Wilson
The Witches of Eastwick (musical)	author	John Dempsey
Parallelities	author	Alan Dean Foster
Glass and Amber	author	C. J. Cherryh
Itv.com	author	ITV
The Silver Donkey	author	Sonya Hartnett
Back in the USSA	author	Eugene Byrne
Back in the USSA	author	Kim Newman
The Motel Life	author	Willy Vlautin
Bro (software)	author	Vern Paxson
The Hammer and the Cross	author	Harry Harrison
The Hammer and the Cross	author	Tom Shippey
Princess Hours	author	In Eun-A
The Hippopotamus Pool	author	Barbara Mertz
Ode to Gallantry	author	Jin Yong
That Book ...of Perfectly Useless Information	author	Mitchell Symons
The Mad Goblin	author	Philip José Farmer
What Dreams May Come	author	Richard Matheson
L.A. Heat (TV series)	author	Joseph Merhi
L.A. Heat (TV series)	author	Richard Pepin
Abbey Series	author	Elsie J. Oxenham
Now It's My Turn	author	Mary Cheney
The Peacekeepers	author	Gene DeWeese
Charlotte Gray (novel)	author	Sebastian Faulks
Dragons of Light	author	Orson Scott Card
Suicide Circle: The Complete Edition	author	Sion Sono
Outrageous Betrayal	author	Steven Pressman
Belle Kendrick Abbott	author	Belle Kendrick Abbott
A Beautiful Mind (book)	author	Sylvia Nasar
Q & A (novel)	author	Vikas Swarup
Before They Were Stars	author	Philip Gurin
Wash This Blood Clean from My Hand	author	Fred Vargas
The Night Listener (novel)	author	Armistead Maupin
The Golden Wind	author	L. Sprague de Camp
District and Circle	author	Seamus Heaney
The Log from the Sea of Cortez	author	John Steinbeck
Paul McCartney: Many Years from Now	author	Barry Miles
Woodsmen of the West	author	Martin Allerdale Grainger
The Art of Dreaming	author	Carlos Castaneda
The Last Unicorn	author	Peter S. Beagle
The Coal Question	author	William Stanley Jevons
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Stephen Ashton
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Thomas LaPierre
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Patrick Granleese
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Matthew Cope
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Paul Mullie
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Nicole Keefler
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Dennise Fordham
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Kenneth Ross
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Joseph Mallozzi
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Rowby Goren
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Brian Cameron Fuld
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Bruce Robb (producer)
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Rick Jones (voice actor)
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Christel Kleitsch
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Brendan Walsh
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Frances Gallager
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Peter Landecker
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	author	Lucie Lortie
Programming the Universe	author	Seth Lloyd
The Outpost (Mike Resnick novel)	author	Mike Resnick
Diplomatic Immunity (novel)	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Gregor and the Prophecy of Bane	author	Suzanne Collins
Gregor and the Curse of the Warmbloods	author	Suzanne Collins
Gregor and the Marks of Secret	author	Suzanne Collins
The Beast Master	author	Andre Norton
The Bad News Bears (TV series)	author	Bill Lancaster
The Sacred Art of Stealing	author	Christopher Brookmyre
Poodle Springs	author	Raymond Chandler
Poodle Springs	author	Robert B. Parker
Rockstar Advanced Game Engine	author	Rockstar Games
The Abyssinian	author	Jean-Christophe Rufin
Parallel Virtual File System	author	Clemson University
Parallel Virtual File System	author	Argonne National Laboratory
Parallel Virtual File System	author	Ohio Supercomputer Center
World War Z	author	Max Brooks
The Electronic Revolution	author	William S. Burroughs
The Tenth Insight: Holding the Vision	author	James Redfield
The Guardian of Isis	author	Monica Hughes
The Isis Pedlar	author	Monica Hughes
Breakdown (book)	author	Bill Gertz
The Howling	author	Gary Brandner
Futurewise	author	Patrick Dixon
The Panda's Thumb (book)	author	Stephen Jay Gould
An Urchin in the Storm	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Eight Little Piggies	author	Stephen Jay Gould
The Unwritten Girl	author	James Bow
The Royal Family (TV series)	author	David Garber
The Royal Family (TV series)	author	Mark McClafferty
The Royal Family (TV series)	author	Eddie Murphy
Sten Adventures Book 1: Sten	author	Chris Bunch
Sten Adventures Book 1: Sten	author	Allan Cole
Monkeewrench	author	P. J. Tracy
Revenge of the Sith: The Visual Dictionary	author	James Luceno
The Broom of the System	author	David Foster Wallace
Live Bait (novel)	author	P. J. Tracy
Doonesbury (musical)	author	Garry Trudeau
The Foot Book	author	Dr. Seuss
The Disowned Self	author	Nathaniel Branden
Seeing a Large Cat	author	Barbara Mertz
TJ-2	author	Peter Samson
The Parched Sea	author	Troy Denning
Expensive Planetarium	author	Peter Samson
Living Greyhawk Gazetteer	author	Gary Holian
Living Greyhawk Gazetteer	author	Erik Mona
Living Greyhawk Gazetteer	author	Sean K. Reynolds
Living Greyhawk Gazetteer	author	Frederick Weining
My Uncle Napoleon	author	Iraj Pezeshkzad
Big Fish: A Novel of Mythic Proportions	author	Daniel Wallace (author)
The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven	author	Sherman Alexie
Beasts of No Nation	author	Uzodinma Iweala
Unknown Man No. 89	author	Elmore Leonard
Facing the Flag	author	Jules Verne
Mao Tse-tung: Ruler of Red China	author	Pierre Stephen Robert Payne
Beyond the Black Stump	author	Nevil Shute
The War Machine	author	Roger MacBride Allen
The War Machine	author	David Drake
Riders in the Chariot	author	Patrick White
Bergdorf Blondes	author	Plum Sykes
Cleopatra (novel)	author	H. Rider Haggard
The Rink (musical)	author	Terrence McNally
United States (TV series)	author	Larry Gelbart
When the Wind Blows (James Patterson novel)	author	James Patterson
Blades of the Tiger	author	Chris Pierson
Acquainted with the Night (book)	author	Christopher Dewdney
Wheelock's Latin	author	Frederic M. Wheelock
Memos from Purgatory	author	Harlan Ellison
Like Colour to the Blind	author	Donna Williams
Sellevision	author	Augusten Burroughs
Raymond Chandler Speaking	author	Raymond Chandler
Raymond Chandler Speaking	author	Dorothy Gardiner
Raymond Chandler Speaking	author	Kathrine Sorley Walker
The Riddle (novel)	author	Alison Croggon
The Adventures of Twizzle	author	Janey Scott
The Mocking Program	author	Alan Dean Foster
Torchy the Battery Boy	author	Janey Scott
The World Swappers	author	John Brunner (novelist)
The Martian Sphinx	author	John Brunner (novelist)
The Infinitive of Go	author	John Brunner (novelist)
Night Fall	author	Nelson DeMille
Inca Gold	author	Clive Cussler
Valhalla Rising (novel)	author	Clive Cussler
Period Piece (book)	author	Gwen Raverat
Expensive Desk Calculator	author	Robert A. Wagner
War of the Worlds: New Millennium	author	Douglas Niles
Generation "П"	author	Victor Pelevin
Wild Energy. Lana	author	Maryna and Serhiy Dyachenko
Stolen (novel)	author	Kelley Armstrong
Dime Store Magic (novel)	author	Kelley Armstrong
Industrial Magic (novel)	author	Kelley Armstrong
Operation Hell Gate	author	Marc Cerasini
Haunted (Armstrong novel)	author	Kelley Armstrong
Chaotic (novella)	author	Kelley Armstrong
Broken (novel)	author	Kelley Armstrong
The Lion's Game	author	Nelson DeMille
Plum Island (novel)	author	Nelson DeMille
Beastly	author	Alex Flinn
The Great War: Walk in Hell	author	Harry Turtledove
American Empire: The Victorious Opposition	author	Harry Turtledove
Flaming Idiots	author	Tom Rooney (playwright)
I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You	author	Ally Carter
Come over to My House	author	Dr. Seuss
The Third World War: The Untold Story	author	John Hackett (British Army officer)
Carbonel: The King of the Cats	author	Barbara Sleigh
We Gotta Get out of This Place: Popular Conservatism and Postmodern Culture	author	Lawrence Grossberg
The Voyage Out	author	Virginia Woolf
Conrad's Fate	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Spadework	author	Timothy Findley
Sweet Silver Blues	author	Glen Cook
Casper's Halloween Special	author	Robert Ogle
Bitter Gold Hearts	author	Glen Cook
Cold Copper Tears	author	Glen Cook
Old Tin Sorrows	author	Glen Cook
Dread Brass Shadows	author	Glen Cook
Red Iron Nights	author	Glen Cook
Deadly Quicksilver Lies	author	Glen Cook
Petty Pewter Gods	author	Glen Cook
Faded Steel Heat	author	Glen Cook
Angry Lead Skies	author	Glen Cook
Whispering Nickel Idols	author	Glen Cook
The Pilgrims of Rayne	author	D. J. MacHale
Passport to Europe	author	Samantha Brown
Passport to Europe	author	David Dean
The Magician (novel)	author	Sol Stein
Tex (novel)	author	S. E. Hinton
Picnic (play)	author	William Inge
When Heaven Fell	author	William Barton (writer)
Unaccompanied Sonata and Other Stories	author	Orson Scott Card
Fatal Desire	author	Paul Janczewski
Fatal Desire	author	Mark Morris
Coots in the North	author	Arthur Ransome
The Good Life (1994 TV series)	author	Warren Bell
The Good Life (1994 TV series)	author	Wendy Braff
Together (book)	author	Dimitrea Tokunbo
Food Fight: The Inside Story of the Food Industry	author	Kelly D. Brownell
Black Sheep (novel)	author	Georgette Heyer
The Man Who Grew Young	author	Daniel Quinn
Inconstant Star	author	Poul Anderson
Boogiepop Returns: VS Imaginator Part 1	author	Kouhei Kadono
The Devil in Love (novel)	author	Jacques Cazotte
Doctor Omega	author	Arnould Galopin
Lovemark	author	Kevin Roberts
The Black Company (novel)	author	Glen Cook
Shadows Linger	author	Glen Cook
The White Rose (novel)	author	Glen Cook
The Silver Spike	author	Glen Cook
Shadow Games (novel)	author	Glen Cook
Dreams of Steel	author	Glen Cook
Bleak Seasons	author	Glen Cook
She Is the Darkness	author	Glen Cook
Water Sleeps	author	Glen Cook
Soldiers Live	author	Glen Cook
Till Death Do Us Part (novel)	author	Lurlene McDaniel
Twilight Watch	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
Wanted for Murder	author	Leslie Charteris
The Camomile Lawn	author	Mary Wesley
The Yeshiva (novel)	author	Chaim Grade
Death of a Citizen	author	Donald Hamilton
Alive: The Story of the Andes Survivors	author	Piers Paul Read
Miracle in the Andes: 72 Days on the Mountain and My Long Trek Home	author	Nando Parrado
Miracle in the Andes: 72 Days on the Mountain and My Long Trek Home	author	Vince Rause
Murder on the Midnight Plane	author	Gaby Waters
The New Centurions (novel)	author	Joseph Wambaugh
Rough Crossings	author	Simon Schama
Consent to Kill	author	Vince Flynn
New Keywords: A Revised Vocabulary of Culture and Society	author	Tony Bennett
New Keywords: A Revised Vocabulary of Culture and Society	author	Lawrence Grossberg
New Keywords: A Revised Vocabulary of Culture and Society	author	Meaghan Morris
Traveler (TV series)	author	David DiGilio
To Be the Man	author	Ric Flair
The Wrecking Crew (novel)	author	Donald Hamilton
Faery in Shadow	author	C. J. Cherryh
Stand by the River	author	Joanne Sutton-Smith
Spartacus (Fast novel)	author	Howard Fast
Trail of the Black Wyrm	author	Chris Pierson
Brothers of Earth	author	C. J. Cherryh
Hunter of Worlds	author	C. J. Cherryh
Manservant and Maidservant	author	Ivy Compton-Burnett
A House and Its Head	author	Ivy Compton-Burnett
Sara Payne: A Mother's Story	author	Sara Payne
Getting Together (TV series)	author	Richard Baer
Getting Together (TV series)	author	Dick Bensfield
2 Weeks with the Queen	author	Morris Gleitzman
Tactics of Mistake	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Colossal Typewriter	author	John McCarthy (computer scientist)
His Master's Voice (novel)	author	Stanisław Lem
The Convent of Hell	author	Ricardo Barreiro
Gil's All Fright Diner	author	A. Lee Martinez
The Armageddon Inheritance	author	David Weber
What a Life! (novel)	author	E. V. Lucas
Harmony Compiler	author	Peter Samson
Hestia (novel)	author	C. J. Cherryh
I, Lucifer (2003 novel)	author	Glen Duncan
The Falcon at the Portal	author	Barbara Mertz
He Shall Thunder in the Sky	author	Barbara Mertz
The Crimson Petal and the White	author	Michel Faber
The Paladin	author	C. J. Cherryh
Rich Hall's Fishing Show	author	Rich Hall
The Seeing Stone	author	Kevin Crossley-Holland
Girl with Curious Hair	author	David Foster Wallace
The Curse of the Gloamglozer	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
The Curse of the Gloamglozer	author	Chris Riddell
Alanna: The First Adventure	author	Tamora Pierce
In the Hand of the Goddess	author	Tamora Pierce
The Woman Who Rides Like a Man	author	Tamora Pierce
Lioness Rampant	author	Tamora Pierce
Someone Like You (novel)	author	Sarah Dessen
That Summer	author	Sarah Dessen
Fletch (novel)	author	Gregory Mcdonald
A Random Walk Down Wall Street	author	Burton Malkiel
Bump in the Night (novel)	author	Isabelle Holland
The Cosmic Puppets	author	Philip K. Dick
Sleepers (TV series)	author	John Flanagan
Celebrity Boxing	author	Barry Adelman
Wolf-Speaker	author	Tamora Pierce
Emperor Mage	author	Tamora Pierce
The Realms of the Gods	author	Tamora Pierce
Shadows on the Stars	author	T. A. Barron
The Removers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Lazarus Heart (novel)	author	Poppy Z. Brite
Rock 'n' Roll (play)	author	Tom Stoppard
Amongst Women	author	John McGahern
Matter (novel)	author	Iain Banks
Big Top (1950 TV series)	author	Ed McMahon
Strong at the Heart	author	Carolyn Lehman
Lords of the Levee	author	Lloyd Wendt
Lords of the Levee	author	Herman Kogan
HylaFAX	author	Samuel J Leffler
Devlin's Luck	author	Patricia Bray
The Secret Pilgrim	author	John le Carré
Danse Macabre (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Cutting Edge (novel)	author	Dave Duncan (writer)
Ten Little Wizards	author	Michael Kurland
A Study in Sorcery	author	Michael Kurland
Learning the World	author	Ken MacLeod
Operation Luna	author	Poul Anderson
Bernard the Brave	author	Margery Sharp
Worldwar: In the Balance	author	Harry Turtledove
Bel Canto (novel)	author	Ann Patchett
Theft: A Love Story	author	Peter Carey (novelist)
Sarah (novel)	author	JT LeRoy
The Singer of All Songs	author	Kate Constable
Iracema	author	José de Alencar
The Waterless Sea	author	Kate Constable
The Last of the Wine	author	Mary Renault
The Tenth Power	author	Kate Constable
Worldwar: Tilting the Balance	author	Harry Turtledove
Lord of the Silent	author	Barbara Mertz
The Golden One	author	Barbara Mertz
Children of the Storm	author	Barbara Mertz
Guardian of the Horizon	author	Barbara Mertz
The Serpent on the Crown	author	Barbara Mertz
Tomb of the Golden Bird	author	Barbara Mertz
Mitch and Amy	author	Beverly Cleary
Ramona the Brave	author	Beverly Cleary
A Return to Love	author	Marianne Williamson
Invasion: Earth (TV series)	author	Jed Mercurio
The Caine Mutiny	author	Herman Wouk
The Charmings	author	Danny Kallis
Brain Droppings	author	George Carlin
The Wizard of Oz (1902 musical)	author	L. Frank Baum
The Wizard of Oz (1902 musical)	author	Glen MacDonough
The Floating Island	author	Elizabeth Haydon
Olympos (novel)	author	Dan Simmons
If Morning Ever Comes	author	Anne Tyler
The Thirteen Problems	author	Agatha Christie
Ramona and Her Father	author	Beverly Cleary
Ramona and Her Mother	author	Beverly Cleary
Ellen Tebbits	author	Beverly Cleary
The First Casualty	author	Ben Elton
Kermit the Hermit	author	Bill Peet
The Watsons	author	Jane Austen
The Akhenaten Adventure	author	Philip Kerr
When Patty Went to College	author	Jean Webster
DonationCoder.com	author	Jesse Reichler
The Sum of All Men	author	Dave Wolverton
Brotherhood of the Wolf (novel)	author	Dave Wolverton
The Conqueror Worms	author	Brian Keene
7 Lives Exposed	author	Tom Lazarus
Aelita (novel)	author	Aleksey Nikolayevich Tolstoy
Metamorphoses (play)	author	Mary Zimmerman
Wizardborn	author	Dave Wolverton
The Lair of Bones	author	Dave Wolverton
Worldwar: Upsetting the Balance	author	Harry Turtledove
Worldwar: Striking the Balance	author	Harry Turtledove
At the Earth's Core (novel)	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer: My Life at Rose Red	author	Ridley Pearson
Masud Rana	author	Qazi Anwar Hussain
A Satire of the Three Estates	author	David Lindsay
Bus Stop (play)	author	William Inge
Whole Internet User's Guide and Catalog	author	Ed Krol
My Brother's Keeper (Charles Sheffield novel)	author	Charles Sheffield
The Message in the Hollow Oak	author	Carolyn Keene
Perfekcyjna niedoskonałość	author	Jacek Dukaj
Among the Brave	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Amelia Peabody's Egypt: A Compendium	author	Barbara Mertz
The Moor (novel)	author	Laurie R. King
Flying Saucers from Outer Space	author	Donald Keyhoe
O Jerusalem (novel)	author	Laurie R. King
Jumper (novel)	author	Steven Gould
Rant (novel)	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Question and Answer	author	Poul Anderson
Among the Enemy	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Among the Free	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Lolita, My Love	author	Alan Jay Lerner
A Stroke of Midnight	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
It's a Bird...It's a Plane...It's Superman	author	David Newman (filmmaker)
It's a Bird...It's a Plane...It's Superman	author	Robert Benton
Seduced by Moonlight	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
A Caress of Twilight	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
A Kiss of Shadows	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Mistral's Kiss	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Monster Planet (novel)	author	David Wellington (author)
Journey (novel)	author	James A. Michener
Pipe Dream (musical)	author	Oscar Hammerstein II
Fair Exchange (TV series)	author	Tom Adair
Fair Exchange (TV series)	author	James B. Allardice
Shinsengumi!	author	Kōki Mitani
Shadows of the Mind	author	Roger Penrose
Private Parts (book)	author	Howard Stern
Private Parts (book)	author	Larry Sloman
Hear the Wind Sing	author	Haruki Murakami
Smokey Joe's Cafe	author	Revue
My Cousin Rachel	author	Daphne du Maurier
Revolt on Alpha C	author	Robert Silverberg
The Outcasts of 19 Schuyler Place	author	E. L. Konigsburg
The Revenge of Gaia	author	James Lovelock
The Two Captains	author	Veniamin Kaverin
Chicago Story	author	Lee H. Katzin
The Book of Dave	author	Will Self
Out (novel)	author	Natsuo Kirino
Stanley Yelnats' Survival Guide to Camp Green Lake	author	Louis Sachar
Adverbs (novel)	author	Daniel Handler
Aulularia	author	Plautus
The Gift of Asher Lev	author	Chaim Potok
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas	author	Hunter S. Thompson
The Bride Price	author	Buchi Emecheta
Sculpting in Time	author	Andrei Tarkovsky
Weapon (novel)	author	Robert Mason (writer)
4th of July (novel)	author	James Patterson
4th of July (novel)	author	Maxine Paetro
The Year of the Hangman	author	Gary Blackwood
Second Sight (novel)	author	Gary Blackwood
The Likes of Us	author	Leslie Thomas
Qijian Xia Tianshan	author	Liang Yusheng
Dubrovsky	author	Alexander Pushkin
Haasil Ghaat	author	Bano Qudsia
Gather Yourselves Together	author	Philip K. Dick
Voices from the Street	author	Philip K. Dick
The Professor's House	author	Willa Cather
Mary and the Giant	author	Philip K. Dick
A Time for George Stavros	author	Philip K. Dick
The Well at the World's End	author	William Morris
Kaddish for an Unborn Child	author	Imre Kertész
HOSxP	author	Chaiyaporn Suratemekul
Pilgrim on the Hill	author	Philip K. Dick
The Broken Bubble	author	Philip K. Dick
The Octagonal Raven	author	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
Puttering About in a Small Land	author	Philip K. Dick
Nicholas and the Higs	author	Philip K. Dick
The Space Vampires	author	Colin Wilson
Faiths and Pantheons	author	Erik Mona
This Island Earth (novel)	author	Raymond F. Jones
The Siren (musical)	author	Leo Stein
The Siren (musical)	author	A. M. Willner
Time After Time (Alexander novel)	author	Karl Alexander (writer)
A Cellarful of Noise	author	Brian Epstein
Accidental Family	author	Sam Bobrick
Accidental Family	author	Bill Idelson
Accidental Family	author	Melville Shavelson
Accidental Family	author	Treva Silverman
Accidental Family	author	James L. Brooks
The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight	author	Jimmy Breslin
Edenborn	author	Nick Sagan
Dirty Jokes and Beer: Stories of the Unrefined	author	Drew Carey
Tutinama	author	Nakhshabi
The Last Empress	author	Mun Yol Yi
Inkdeath	author	Cornelia Funke
The Blue Djinn of Babylon	author	Philip Kerr
Dicey's Song	author	Cynthia Voigt
A Visit to William Blake's Inn	author	Nancy Willard
A Gathering of Days	author	Joan Blos
M. C. Higgins, the Great	author	Virginia Hamilton
I, Juan de Pareja	author	Elizabeth Borton de Treviño
The Bronze Bow	author	Elizabeth George Speare
...And Now Miguel	author	Joseph Krumgold
Amos Fortune, Free Man	author	Elizabeth Yates (author)
King of the Wind	author	Marguerite Henry
Rabbit Hill	author	Robert Lawson (author)
Daniel Boone (book)	author	James Daugherty
Adam of the Road	author	Elizabeth Gray Vining
The White Stag	author	Kate Seredy
Roller Skates	author	Ruth Sawyer
Invincible Louisa	author	Cornelia Meigs
Young Fu of the Upper Yangtze	author	Elizabeth Foreman Lewis
The Cat Who Went to Heaven	author	Elizabeth Coatsworth
Gay Neck, the Story of a Pigeon	author	Dhan Gopal Mukerji
The Snarkout Boys and the Avocado of Death	author	Daniel Pinkwater
Crimson Joy	author	Robert B. Parker
End Day	author	Gareth Edwards (television)
Bearing an Hourglass	author	Piers Anthony
With a Tangled Skein	author	Piers Anthony
Wielding a Red Sword	author	Piers Anthony
Being a Green Mother	author	Piers Anthony
For Love of Evil	author	Piers Anthony
And Eternity	author	Piers Anthony
Lives of the Saints	author	Nino Ricci
Whale Song (novel)	author	Cheryl Kaye Tardif
The Guns of Will Sonnett	author	Harry Basch
The Guns of Will Sonnett	author	Peter B. Germano
The Guns of Will Sonnett	author	James Komack
The Guns of Will Sonnett	author	Robert Pirosh
The Guns of Will Sonnett	author	Aaron Spelling
Edison's Conquest of Mars	author	Garrett P. Serviss
The Last Hawk	author	Catherine Asaro
No Turn Unstoned	author	Diana Rigg
Laughable Loves	author	Milan Kundera
People of the Deer	author	Farley Mowat
The 33 Strategies of War	author	Robert Greene (American author)
Leaf Storm	author	Gabriel García Márquez
An Old Captivity	author	Nevil Shute
Muñeca Brava	author	Enrique Oscar Torres
The Wind in the Willows (TV series)	author	Kenneth Grahame
The Wind in the Willows (TV series)	author	Rosemary Anne Sisson
The Wind in the Willows (TV series)	author	Brian Trueman
Golden Checkerboard	author	Ed Ainsworth
Joris of the Rock	author	Leslie Barringer
The War in 2020	author	Ralph Peters
Finding Serenity	author	Jane Espenson
Gerfalcon (novel)	author	Leslie Barringer
Shy Leopardess	author	Leslie Barringer
Whistle (novel)	author	James Jones (author)
Geek Chic (book)	author	Neil Feineman
Chris Cross (TV series)	author	Gary Cohen
Chris Cross (TV series)	author	Michael Leo Donovan
The Smiths: Songs That Saved Your Life	author	Simon Goddard
The Hello, Goodbye Window	author	Norton Juster
Kitten's First Full Moon	author	Kevin Henkes
Officer Buckle and Gloria	author	Peggy Rathmann
His Excellency: George Washington	author	Joseph Ellis
Guestward, Ho!	author	Bob Schiller
Guestward, Ho!	author	Bob Weiskopf
Know Ye Not Agincourt?	author	Leslie Barringer
The Chaneysville Incident	author	David Bradley (novelist)
Cowboy Mouth (play)	author	Sam Shepard
Cowboy Mouth (play)	author	Patti Smith
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button (short story)	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
On Stranger Tides	author	Tim Powers
Eh?	author	Henry Livings
Deathtrap (play)	author	Ira Levin
Brotherhood (2006 TV series)	author	Henry Bromell
Brotherhood (2006 TV series)	author	Dawn Prestwich
Brotherhood (2006 TV series)	author	Nicole Yorkin
Brotherhood (2006 TV series)	author	Karen Hall
A Long Long Way	author	Sebastian Barry
Wings (play)	author	Arthur Kopit
Bearcats!	author	Douglas Heyes
FOB (play)	author	David Henry Hwang
Face Value (play)	author	David Henry Hwang
Skybreaker	author	Kenneth Oppel
How I Live Now	author	Meg Rosoff
Merlin (musical)	author	Richard Levinson
Merlin (musical)	author	William Link
Orbital Resonance (novel)	author	John Barnes (author)
The Cocktail Party	author	T. S. Eliot
Cover Her Face	author	P. D. James
Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman	author	Haruki Murakami
The Brothers (novella)	author	C. J. Cherryh
Captivi	author	Plautus
Wizard of the Pigeons	author	Robin Hobb
Monster (Walter Dean Myers novel)	author	Walter Dean Myers
The Second Hundred Years (TV series)	author	Robert Lees
The Music Scene	author	Carl Gottlieb
The Music Scene	author	Tony Hendra
The Music Scene	author	David Steinberg
The Music Scene	author	Richard Schaal
Odds On	author	Michael Crichton
Pal Joey (musical)	author	John O'Hara
Bright Lights, Big City (novel)	author	Jay McInerney
The Sinner	author	Tess Gerritsen
The Bourne Betrayal	author	Robert Ludlum
The Bourne Betrayal	author	Eric Van Lustbader
Freedomland (novel)	author	Richard Price (writer)
Green Rider	author	Kristen Britain
Sandry's Book	author	Tamora Pierce
The Maracot Deep	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Carmen (novella)	author	Prosper Mérimée
Lois & Clark: A Superman Novel	author	C. J. Cherryh
Flesh and Blood (novel)	author	Jonathan Kellerman
Justinian (novel)	author	Harry Turtledove
Black Robe	author	Brian Moore (novelist)
Looking for Alibrandi (novel)	author	Melina Marchetta
Ginger You're Barmy	author	David Lodge (author)
Vote for Larry	author	Janet Tashjian
The Blunderer	author	Patricia Highsmith
The Gospel According to Larry	author	Janet Tashjian
The Purple Land	author	William Henry Hudson
The Town (1950 novel)	author	Conrad Richter
Mary Magdalene (1910 play)	author	Maurice Maeterlinck
Tris's Book	author	Tamora Pierce
If Only It Were True	author	Marc Levy
Relatively Speaking (play)	author	Alan Ayckbourn
Bedroom Farce (play)	author	Alan Ayckbourn
Alibi (play)	author	Michael Morton (dramatist)
Alibi (play)	author	Agatha Christie
Verdict (play)	author	Agatha Christie
They Were Strong and Good	author	Robert Lawson (author)
David and the Phoenix	author	Edward Ormondroyd
Leadership (book)	author	Rudy Giuliani
Leadership (book)	author	Ken Kurson
Mala onda	author	Alberto Fuguet
L'écume de l'aube	author	Roger Leloup
Inne pieśni	author	Jacek Dukaj
The Inscrutable Americans	author	Anurag Mathur
Ross (play)	author	Terence Rattigan
Happy End (musical)	author	Elisabeth Hauptmann
Scratch One	author	Michael Crichton
Easy Go	author	Michael Crichton
Some of My Best Friends	author	Marc Cherry
Some of My Best Friends	author	Joey Murphy
Some of My Best Friends	author	Tony Vitale
The Christmas Schooner	author	John Reeger
Quit Digging Your Grave with a Knife and Fork	author	Mike Huckabee
Television Parts	author	Jack Handey
Batman Animated	author	Paul Dini
Batman Animated	author	Chip Kidd
An Acceptable Time	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Ramona Quimby, Age 8	author	Beverly Cleary
The Bird That Drinks Tears	author	Lee Yeongdo
The Bird That Drinks Blood	author	Lee Yeongdo
Lament for a Nation	author	George Grant (philosopher)
Catalyst (novel)	author	Laurie Halse Anderson
René (novella)	author	François-René de Chateaubriand
The Quincunx of Time	author	James Blish
Premonitions (novel)	author	Jude Watson
Magic's Pawn	author	Mercedes Lackey
Taming the Star Runner	author	S. E. Hinton
Magic's Promise	author	Mercedes Lackey
Magic's Price	author	Mercedes Lackey
Grown Ups (1999 TV series)	author	Valerie Ahern
Grown Ups (1999 TV series)	author	Pamela Eells O'Connell
Grown Ups (1999 TV series)	author	Christian McLaughlin
Grown Ups (1999 TV series)	author	Scott Rosenbaum
Grown Ups (1999 TV series)	author	Dan Signer
Dracula's Guest and Other Weird Stories	author	Bram Stoker
The Curse on the Chosen	author	Ian Irvine
Flanimals of the Deep	author	Ricky Gervais
Young Man with a Horn (novel)	author	Dorothy Baker
Energy and Power	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Wheels of Chance	author	H. G. Wells
Engines (children's book)	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Elephant (science book)	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Man and Power	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Darwin and His Great Discovery	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Darwin and His Great Discovery	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
The Day of the Dinosaur	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Day of the Dinosaur	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
The Arrows of Hercules	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Heroic Age of American Invention	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Berlin Game	author	Len Deighton
Late Victorian Holocausts	author	Mike Davis (scholar)
Firefight at Yechon: Courage and Racism in the Korean War	author	Charles M. Bussey
The Beachwood Reporter	author	Steve Rhodes (journalist)
First Rider's Call	author	Kristen Britain
The Ancient Engineers	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Ancient Ruins and Archaeology	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Ancient Ruins and Archaeology	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
Dorothea Dreams	author	Suzy McKee Charnas
Bishad Shindhu	author	Mir Mosharraf Hossain
A Large Attendance in the Antechamber	author	Brian Lipson
Blood Red Rivers	author	Jean-Christophe Grangé
The Sand Pebbles	author	Richard McKenna
Elusive Isabel	author	Jacques Futrelle
Steel Pier (musical)	author	David Thompson (writer)
Vengeance: The True Story of an Israeli Counter-Terrorist Team	author	George Jonas
Ramona Forever	author	Beverly Cleary
Forest Mage	author	Robin Hobb
Pentagon (novel)	author	Allen Drury
Ghost (John Ringo novel)	author	John Ringo
The Story of Science in America	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Story of Science in America	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
Spirits, Stars, and Spells	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Spirits, Stars, and Spells	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
The Ragged Edge of Science	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Jessica (novel)	author	Bryce Courtenay
Lautlos wie sein Schatten	author	Frank Arnau
The Witness for the Prosecution and Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
FreeSWITCH	author	Anthony Minessale
The Spook's Curse	author	Joseph Delaney
The Spook's Secret	author	Joseph Delaney
Prisoner of Haven	author	Nancy Varian Berberick
The Strange Adventures of Rangergirl	author	Tim Pratt
Three Blind Mice and Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
Great Cities of the Ancient World	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Devil's Discus	author	Rayne Kruger
Gemini Man	author	Steven E. de Souza
Gemini Man	author	Leslie Stevens
The True Confessions of Adrian Albert Mole	author	Sue Townsend
The Great Indian Novel	author	Shashi Tharoor
The Under Dog and Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
Spring Awakening (play)	author	Frank Wedekind
Collaborator (novel)	author	Murray Davies
The Insult	author	Rupert Thomson
The Tomb (novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
Legacies (novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
Conspiracies (novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
All the Rage (novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
Hosts (novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
Heavy Weather (Sterling novel)	author	Bruce Sterling
First Among Sequels	author	Jasper Fforde
The Haunted Air (novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
Gateways (novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
Infernal (novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
Harbingers (novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
Gallows Hill (novel)	author	Lois Duncan
The Keep (novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
Meet the Tiger	author	Leslie Charteris
The Touch (Wilson novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
Reborn (novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
Reprisal (novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
Nightworld (novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
The Keep (comics)	author	F. Paul Wilson
Boogiepop Returns: VS Imaginator Part 2	author	Kouhei Kadono
The Pleasures of Japanese Literature	author	Donald Keene
Blues Brothers: Private	author	Judith Belushi Pisano
Blues Brothers: Private	author	Tino Insana
The Golden Ball and Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
Miss Marple's Final Cases and Two Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
Wieland (novel)	author	Charles Brockden Brown
Upland Outlaws	author	Dave Duncan (writer)
Another Day in Paradise (novel)	author	Eddie Little
Jokerman 8	author	Richard Melo
Lost Continents	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Lord of the Fantastic	author	Martin H. Greenberg
Double Sin and Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
Sexual Ecology	author	Gabriel Rotello
The One-Straw Revolution	author	Masanobu Fukuoka
The One-Straw Revolution  Shizen Nōhō Wara Ippon No Kakumei 1st original edi  1	author	Masanobu Fukuoka
Der Weg ins Freie	author	Arthur Schnitzler
Darkness Visible (novel)	author	William Golding
The Silver Wolf	author	Alice Borchardt
The Inheritance (novel)	author	Nancy Varian Berberick
Stone Butch Blues	author	Leslie Feinberg
Against the Day	author	Thomas Pynchon
Molly Moon's Hypnotic Time-Travel Adventure	author	Lady Georgia Byng
European NAvigator	author	Centre Virtuel de la Connaissance sur l'Europe (CVCE)
Moromeţii	author	Marin Preda
Psychoshop	author	Alfred Bester
Psychoshop	author	Roger Zelazny
The Fringe of the Unknown	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Lands Beyond	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Lands Beyond	author	Willy Ley
Crisscross (novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
Lovecraft: a Biography	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Zandru's Forge	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Zandru's Forge	author	Deborah J. Ross
The Monastery	author	Walter Scott
The Memory of Water	author	Shelagh Stephenson
Last Full Measure	author	Andy Mangels
Last Full Measure	author	Michael A. Martin
PNGOUT	author	Ken Silverman
The Computer Connection	author	Alfred Bester
Molly Moon Stops the World	author	Lady Georgia Byng
Dark Valley Destiny	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Dark Valley Destiny	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
Dark Valley Destiny	author	Jane Whittington Griffin
Literary Swordsmen and Sorcerers	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Living and the Dead (1941 novel)	author	Patrick White
Nietzsche contra Wagner	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
An Arrow's Flight	author	Mark Merlis
The Watsons Go to Birmingham - 1963	author	Christopher Paul Curtis
The Complete Book of Humanoids	author	Bill Slavicsek
Fury (novel)	author	Salman Rushdie
Renegade's Magic	author	Robin Hobb
The Wrecker (novel)	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Wrecker (novel)	author	Lloyd Osbourne
The Bears' Famous Invasion of Sicily	author	Dino Buzzati
Lunch Money (novel)	author	Andrew Clements
The Magicians of Caprona	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Cricket in Times Square	author	George Selden (author)
Disney Fairies	author	Gail Carson Levine
Where I Live	author	Michael Jacobs
Where I Live	author	April Kelly
Chuck Taylor, All Star	author	Abraham Aamidor
The Second Confession	author	Rex Stout
Back to Life (novel)	author	Wendy Coakley-Thompson
What You Won't Do for Love (novel)	author	Wendy Coakley-Thompson
And Be a Villain	author	Rex Stout
The People Next Door	author	Wes Craven
The People Next Door	author	Bruce Wagner
The Nutt House	author	Bruce Bilson
The Nutt House	author	Mel Brooks
The Nutt House	author	Alan Spencer
Top of the Hill	author	Stephen J. Cannell
Top of the Hill	author	Morgan Gendel
Mancuso, F.B.I.	author	Steve Sohmer
Mancuso, F.B.I.	author	Gail Morgan Hickman
ATLA – A Story of the Lost Island	author	Ann Eliza Smith
Lottery!	author	Bruce Kalish
Lottery!	author	Lee Philips (actor)
The 25th Hour	author	David Benioff
Like Family	author	Jay Kogen
Like Family	author	Scott Weinger
Hyperion Bay	author	Joseph Dougherty
Hyperion Bay	author	Bernard Lechowick
The Closed Circle (novel)	author	Jonathan Coe
Secret Servant: The Moneypenny Diaries	author	Samantha Weinberg
For the New Intellectual	author	Ayn Rand
The New Left: The Anti-Industrial Revolution	author	Ayn Rand
Philosophy: Who Needs It	author	Ayn Rand
Philosophy: Who Needs It	author	Leonard Peikoff
The Voice of Reason	author	Ayn Rand
The Voice of Reason	author	Leonard Peikoff
The Kobayashi Maru (1989 novel)	author	Julia Ecklar
The Gift (Steel novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Shadow Divers	author	Robert Kurson
Staying Fat for Sarah Byrnes	author	Chris Crutcher
A Village Affair	author	Joanna Trollope
His Majesty's Dragon	author	Naomi Novik
The Goblin Mirror	author	C. J. Cherryh
Monster Blood Tattoo Book One: Foundling	author	D. M. Cornish
Tarzan the Untamed	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
In a Different Voice	author	Carol Gilligan
A Kind of Hush (novel)	author	Richard A. Johnson
The Golden Age (Gore Vidal novel)	author	Gore Vidal
The Lightning Thief	author	Rick Riordan
Cleansed	author	Sarah Kane
A Sinless Season	author	Damon Galgut
The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things (novel)	author	JT LeRoy
Disney's Aladdin: A Musical Spectacular	author	Ron Clements
Disney's Aladdin: A Musical Spectacular	author	John Musker
Disney's Aladdin: A Musical Spectacular	author	Ted Elliott
Disney's Aladdin: A Musical Spectacular	author	Terry Rossio
Twelve Sharp (novel)	author	Janet Evanovich
The Grand Tour (musical)	author	Michael Stewart
The Grand Tour (musical)	author	Mark Bramble
The Language of Goldfish	author	Zibby Oneal
Ar-Raheeq Al-Makhtum	author	Safi-ur-Rahman al-Mubarkpuri
My Friend Leonard	author	James Frey
Gettysburg: A Novel of the Civil War	author	Newt Gingrich
Gettysburg: A Novel of the Civil War	author	William R. Forstchen
Grant Comes East	author	Newt Gingrich
Grant Comes East	author	William R. Forstchen
Grant Comes East	author	Albert S. Hanser
Maybe This Time	author	Amy and Wendy Engelberg
Maybe This Time	author	Michael Jacobs
Maybe This Time	author	Susan Estelle Jansen
Maybe This Time	author	Bob Young (TV producer)
Maybe This Time	author	Steve Young (writer)
The Face in the Frost	author	John Bellairs
Spider (novel)	author	Patrick McGrath (novelist)
Beowulf's Children	author	Larry Niven
Beowulf's Children	author	Jerry Pournelle
Beowulf's Children	author	Steven Barnes
Faultlines	author	George Megalogenis
Absurdistan (novel)	author	Gary Shteyngart
Circus (novel)	author	Alistair MacLean
Blood Sisters	author	Barbara Keating
Blood Sisters	author	Stephanie Keating
Layer Cake (novel)	author	J. J. Connolly
Seeing Islam as Others Saw It	author	Robert G. Hoyland
Dragonkeeper	author	Carole Wilkinson
The Truth About Muhammad	author	Robert Spencer (author)
Bag Limit	author	Steven F. Havill
Alma Cogan (novel)	author	Gordon Burn
The Privilege of Youth	author	Dave Pelzer
Past Master (novel)	author	R. A. Lafferty
Angel (musical)	author	Peter Udell
Angel (musical)	author	Ketti Frings
The Day I Met God	author	Karen Covell
The Day I Met God	author	Victorya Michaels Rogers
The Day I Met God	author	Jim Covell
Microsoft Amalga	author	Washington Hospital Center
Professional Foul	author	Tom Stoppard
The Coming of Conan the Cimmerian	author	Robert E. Howard
The Book of Dreams	author	Jack Vance
I Spy (Scholastic)	author	Jean Marzollo
Dragon Fire (novel)	author	Humphrey Hawksley
Divine Hammer	author	Chris Pierson
The Dargonesti	author	Paul B. Thompson
The Beatles (TV series)	author	Dennis Marks
The Beatles (TV series)	author	Jack Mendelsohn
The Beatles (TV series)	author	Woody Kling
The Beatles (TV series)	author	Bruce Howard (writer)
The Evolution of Naval Weapons	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Miscast Barbarian	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Strange Death of Vincent Foster	author	Christopher Ruddy
The Complete Illustrated Book of Yoga	author	Swami Vishnu-devananda
Rough for Theatre I	author	Samuel Beckett
Trial by Fire (Gerry Spence)	author	Gerry Spence
The Guardians (novel)	author	Samuel Youd
The Bloody Crown of Conan	author	Robert E. Howard
List of Buffyverse guidebooks	author	Christopher Golden
List of Buffyverse guidebooks	author	Nancy Holder
List of Buffyverse guidebooks  Watcher's Guides Vol. 2   1	author	Nancy Holder
List of Buffyverse guidebooks  Watcher's Guides Vol. 2   1	author	Jeff Mariotte
List of Buffyverse guidebooks  Watcher's Guides Vol. 3   1	author	Paul Ruditis
List of Buffyverse guidebooks  Casefiles Vol. 1   1	author	Nancy Holder
List of Buffyverse guidebooks  Casefiles Vol. 1   1	author	Jeff Mariotte
List of Buffyverse guidebooks  Casefiles Vol. 2   1	author	Paul Ruditis
List of Buffyverse guidebooks  Casefiles Vol. 2   1	author	Diana G. Gallagher
List of Buffyverse guidebooks  layer   1	author	Keith Topping
List of Buffyverse guidebooks  Hollywood Vampire   1	author	Keith Topping
List of Buffyverse guidebooks  Dusted   1	author	Lawrence Miles
The Conquering Sword of Conan	author	Robert E. Howard
Gates of Fire	author	Steven Pressfield
The Lies of Locke Lamora	author	Scott Lynch
Runaway Ralph	author	Beverly Cleary
Sandkings (novelette)	author	George R. R. Martin
The Amen Corner	author	James Baldwin
Meet Me in St. Louis (musical)	author	Hugh Wheeler
Tribe Flood Network	author	Mixter
The Undesired Princess	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Plot to Save Socrates	author	Paul Levinson
Harry and the Hendersons (TV series)	author	Sam Denoff
Harry and the Hendersons (TV series)	author	Bob Fraser
Harry and the Hendersons (TV series)	author	Sandy Helberg
A Spectacle of Corruption	author	David Liss
A Conspiracy of Paper	author	David Liss
A Flame in Hali	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
A Flame in Hali	author	Deborah J. Ross
Look Homeward, Angel	author	Thomas Wolfe
Wizardology: The Book of the Secrets of Merlin	author	Dugald Steer
Tequila and Bonetti	author	Donald Bellisario
Citizen Soldiers	author	Stephen E. Ambrose
Murderers' Row (novel)	author	Donald Hamilton
All Watched Over by Machines of Loving Grace	author	Richard Brautigan
Darkness and Light (novel)	author	Paul B. Thompson
The Afghan	author	Frederick Forsyth
The Collected Books of Jack Spicer	author	Jack Spicer
The Dominators (novel)	author	Donald Hamilton
WMAC Masters	author	Alfred R. Kahn
WMAC Masters	author	Carlin West
The Cossacks (novel)	author	Leo Tolstoy
Ida B.	author	Katherine Hannigan
Hadji Murat (novel)	author	Leo Tolstoy
Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain	author	Jin Yong
Witness for the Prosecution (play)	author	Agatha Christie
ARKive	author	Wildscreen
A, A Novel	author	Andy Warhol
A Mouthful of Birds	author	Caryl Churchill
A Mouthful of Birds	author	David Lan
Joss Whedon: The Genius Behind Buffy	author	Candace Havens
Reading the Vampire Slayer	author	Roz Kaveney
What Would Buffy Do?: The Vampire Slayer as Spiritual Guide	author	Jana Riess
London Match	author	Len Deighton
Olivia Joules and the Overactive Imagination	author	Helen Fielding
Other Tales of the Flying Fox	author	Jin Yong
The Second Angel	author	Philip Kerr
The Trickster of Seville and the Stone Guest	author	Tirso de Molina
The Grand Chessboard	author	Zbigniew Brzezinski
The Story of the Phantom: The Ghost Who Walks	author	Lee Falk
Cel mai iubit dintre pământeni	author	Marin Preda
After Dark (novel)	author	Haruki Murakami
TMZ.com	author	Harvey Levin
Bruno the Kid	author	Chris Webb
Mistborn: The Final Empire	author	Brandon Sanderson
The Ruins (novel)	author	Scott Smith (author)
The Honorable Barbarian	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Goblin Tower	author	L. Sprague de Camp
All About the Andersons	author	Anthony Anderson
All About the Andersons	author	Peter Murrieta
All About the Andersons	author	Marco Pennette
All About the Andersons	author	Devon Shepard
Star of the Sea	author	Joseph O'Connor
Glory (novel)	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Blade-dance of the Two Lovers	author	Jin Yong
A Deadly Secret	author	Jin Yong
The Glorious Cause	author	Jeffrey Shaara
Mexico City Blues	author	Jack Kerouac
Book of Dreams (novel)	author	Jack Kerouac
Three Hearts and Three Lions	author	Poul Anderson
Scar Tissue (book)	author	Anthony Kiedis
Scar Tissue (book)	author	Larry Sloman
Andorra (novel)	author	Peter Cameron (writer)
The Clocks of Iraz	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Spectacular Spider-Man (TV series)	author	Greg Weisman
The Spectacular Spider-Man (TV series)	author	Matt Wayne
The Guarani	author	José de Alencar
The Return of the Condor Heroes (2006 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Third Eye (Lois Duncan novel)	author	Lois Duncan
Lonesome Traveler	author	Jack Kerouac
The Grail Quest (novel series)	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Man Who Walked Between the Towers	author	Mordicai Gerstein
La Chamade	author	Françoise Sagan
Dreamsongs: A RRetrospective	author	George R. R. Martin
The Friendship	author	Mildred D. Taylor
Door Wide Open	author	Jack Kerouac
Everything I'm Cracked Up to Be	author	Jen Trynin
The Education of Little Tree	author	Asa Earl Carter
Souls in the Great Machine	author	Sean McMullen
Kaleidoscope (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Letting Go (novel)	author	Philip Roth
Object-Oriented Software Construction	author	Bertrand Meyer
Adrian Mole: From Minor to Major	author	Sue Townsend
Footprints on Sand	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Footprints on Sand	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
The Queen of Zamba	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Moorchild	author	Eloise McGraw
Dogsbody (novel)	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Harlequin Tea Set	author	Agatha Christie
Fun Home	author	Alison Bechdel
A Moose for Jessica	author	Pat A. Wakefield
Chosen of the Gods	author	Chris Pierson
Bard: The Odyssey of the Irish	author	Morgan Llywelyn
Weapons of Legacy	author	Bruce Cordell
Journeys to the Under-World	author	Yangsheng
Rubber Dinosaurs and Wooden Elephants	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Bones of the Earth	author	Michael Swanwick
Adrian Mole: The Wilderness Years	author	Sue Townsend
The Growing Pains of Adrian Mole	author	Sue Townsend
The Restless Supermarket	author	Ivan Vladislavic
Adrian Mole: The Cappuccino Years	author	Sue Townsend
A Fete Worse Than Death	author	Iain Aitch
Land of Unreason	author	Fletcher Pratt
Land of Unreason	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Number Ten (novel)	author	Sue Townsend
Busker Alley	author	AJ Carothers
The Heritage of Hastur	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Boats of the "Glen Carrig"	author	William Hope Hodgson
Jossy's Giants	author	Sid Waddell
Kingdom Come (LaHaye novel)	author	Tim LaHaye
Kingdom Come (LaHaye novel)	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
Alone Against Tomorrow	author	Harlan Ellison
All She Was Worth	author	Miyuki Miyabe
The Zenith Angle	author	Bruce Sterling
Stalking the Nightmare	author	Harlan Ellison
Sprat Morrison	author	Jean D'Costa
La parada de Maimós	author	Alfredo Armas Alfonzo
The Carnelian Cube	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Carnelian Cube	author	Fletcher Pratt
Her Smoke Rose Up Forever	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
Prisoner's Dilemma (novel)	author	Richard Powers
Infinite Joy	author	Revue
Time and Chance: an Autobiography	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Avrupa Yakası	author	Gülse Birsel
The Message in the Bottle	author	Walker Percy
Men and the City	author	Saddam Hussein
Brothers Majere	author	Kevin Stein
Mad Jack the Pirate	author	Bill Kopp
Mad Jack the Pirate	author	Martin Olson
The Shunned House	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Magic of Incarnum	author	James Wyatt (game designer)
The Piano Tuner	author	Daniel Mason
The Headless Horseman (novel)	author	Thomas Mayne Reid
Orpheus Emerged	author	Jack Kerouac
For the Strength of Youth	author	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
The Duke of Mount Deer (2000 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Blood Beast	author	Darren Shan
Demon Apocalypse	author	Darren Shan
Uncle Buck (TV series)	author	Tim O'Donnell (director)
Father of Frankenstein	author	Christopher Bram
Gypsy: A Memoir	author	Gypsy Rose Lee
Nerilka's Story	author	Anne McCaffrey
Life with Roger	author	Todd J. Greenwald
Leonora (novel)	author	Maria Edgeworth
Second Noah	author	Anne Kenney
Second Noah	author	Pam Long
Scribblings	author	L. Sprague de Camp
La Madrastra	author	Liliana Abud
The Ruby in the Smoke	author	Philip Pullman
Common Law (1996 TV series)	author	Rob LaZebnik
Reading in the Dark	author	Seamus Deane
Identifying and Managing Project Risk	author	Tom Kendrick
Uglies	author	Scott Westerfeld
The Silly Book	author	Stoo Hample
Are You My Mother?	author	P. D. Eastman
The Jewel in the Skull	author	Michael Moorcock
Bastard Out of Carolina (novel)	author	Dorothy Allison
The Structure of Evolutionary Theory	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Snakehead (novel)	author	Anthony Horowitz
Skeleton Key (novel)	author	Anthony Horowitz
Las Vías del Amor	author	Alejandro Pohlenz
To Die in Italbar	author	Roger Zelazny
The Stress of Her Regard	author	Tim Powers
The Hand of Zei	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Separation	author	Christopher Priest (novelist)
Coming of Age (1988 TV series)	author	Miriam Trogdon
Coming of Age (1988 TV series)	author	Michael Zinberg
Dear Edwina	author	Marcy Heisler
Knightwatch	author	Nita Nickerson
Good Vibrations (musical)	author	Richard Dresser
Hull High	author	Gil Grant
BookMooch	author	John Buckman
The Judas Pair	author	John Grant (novelist)
The Fanelli Boys	author	Barry Fanaro
The Fanelli Boys	author	Howard Gewirtz
The Fanelli Boys	author	Mort Nathan
The Fanelli Boys	author	Treva Silverman
I, Fatty	author	Jerry Stahl
The Discomfort Zone	author	Jonathan Franzen
Going Places (American TV series)	author	Miller-Boyett Productions
Going Places (American TV series)	author	Miller-Boyett Productions
Going Places (American TV series)	author	Maiya Williams
All Shook Up (musical)	author	Joe DiPietro
Working It Out	author	Anne Flett-Giordano
Working It Out	author	Bill Persky
Working It Out	author	Jeffrey Sweet
Working It Out	author	Adriana Trigiani
The Liar (Goldoni)	author	Carlo Goldoni
Joe Gould's Secret	author	Joseph Mitchell (writer)
The Heralds	author	Brian Killick
Brass Man	author	Neal Asher
Blue Heaven (Channel 4 TV series)	author	Frank Skinner
Magic Moon	author	Wolfgang Hohlbein
An Experiment with an Air Pump	author	Shelagh Stephenson
The Will of the Empress	author	Tamora Pierce
Briar's Book	author	Tamora Pierce
King's Gold	author	Glenn Macaskill
Pirateology: A Pirate Hunter's Companion	author	Dugald Steer
Riverwind the Plainsman	author	Paul B. Thompson
Carol & Company	author	Marilyn Anderson
Carol & Company	author	Dana Coen
DEA (1990 TV series)	author	Michael Ahnemann
DEA (1990 TV series)	author	The Longest Cocktail Party
Dragon (Clive Cussler novel)	author	Clive Cussler
Shock Wave (novel)	author	Clive Cussler
Haywire (TV series)	author	Adam Tyler
The Wrong Box (novel)	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Wrong Box (novel)	author	Lloyd Osbourne
The Hostage of Zir	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Mix Tape: The Art of Cassette Culture	author	Thurston Moore
The Trail of Cthulhu	author	August Derleth
Barefoot in the Park (TV series)	author	Charles Shyer
VBS2	author	Bohemia Interactive Studio
VBS2	author	Bohemia Interactive Studio#Bohemia Interactive Australia
Was (novel)	author	Geoff Ryman
At the Drop of a Hat	author	Michael Flanders
At the Drop of a Hat	author	Donald Swann
Tears of the Giraffe	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Morality for Beautiful Girls	author	Alexander McCall Smith
The Ethics of Liberty	author	Murray Rothbard
The Cobra King of Kathmandu	author	Philip Kerr
Open Veins of Latin America	author	Eduardo Galeano
The Outstretched Shadow	author	Mercedes Lackey
The Outstretched Shadow	author	James Mallory (author)
The Fortunes of Richard Mahony	author	Henry Handel Richardson
Laughter in the Dark (novel)	author	Vladimir Nabokov
The Illearth War	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Loose Ends (novel)	author	Greg Cox (writer)
Fish (BBC TV series)	author	Stephen Tredre
Fish (BBC TV series)	author	Matthew Bardsley
Redwall Map & Riddler	author	Brian Jacques
The Power that Preserves	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Redwall Friend & Foe	author	Brian Jacques
Inventions and Their Management	author	Alf K. Berle
Inventions and Their Management	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Weslandia	author	Paul Fleischman
Hello Muddah, Hello Faddah! (musical review & children's book)  Hello Muddah, Hello Fuddah! book   1	author	Allan Sherman
Free as Air	author	Dorothy Reynolds
Free as Air	author	Julian Slade
Cavalcade (musical)	author	Noël Coward
Black Light (novel)	author	Stephen Hunter
Time to Hunt	author	Stephen Hunter
The Best of L. Sprague de Camp	author	L. Sprague de Camp
A Gun for Dinosaur and Other Imaginative Tales	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Wheels of If and Other Science Fiction	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Sprague de Camp's New Anthology of Science Fiction	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Virgin & the Wheels	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Mad God's Amulet	author	Michael Moorcock
To W.H.	author	Stuart Draper
Peter and the Shadow Thieves	author	Dave Barry
Peter and the Shadow Thieves	author	Ridley Pearson
Lenny (TV series)	author	Brenda Hampton
Lenny (TV series)	author	David Landsberg
Lenny (TV series)	author	Jonathan Prince
Lenny (TV series)	author	Don Reo
The Adventures of Mark & Brian	author	Ed Decter
The Lurker at the Threshold	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Lurker at the Threshold	author	August Derleth
Teech	author	David Frankel
Vixen 03	author	Clive Cussler
Camp Wilder	author	Matthew Carlson
Bless the Bride	author	A. P. Herbert
A Peace to End All Peace	author	David Fromkin
The Vesuvius Club	author	Mark Gatiss
Aiding and Abetting (novel)	author	Muriel Spark
Demons and Dinosaurs	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Rambo: The Force of Freedom	author	Michael Chain
Rambo: The Force of Freedom	author	David Morrell
Phantoms and Fancies	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Masterharper of Pern	author	Anne McCaffrey
An Béal Bocht	author	Brian O'Nolan
Os Maias	author	José Maria de Eça de Queiroz
Cousin Basilio	author	José Maria de Eça de Queiroz
The Shadowers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Ravagers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Devastators	author	Donald Hamilton
The Betrayers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Menacers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Interlopers (novel)	author	Donald Hamilton
The Poisoners	author	Donald Hamilton
The Intriguers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Intimidators	author	Donald Hamilton
The Terminators	author	Donald Hamilton
The Retaliators	author	Donald Hamilton
The Terrorizers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Revengers (novel)	author	Donald Hamilton
The Annihilators	author	Donald Hamilton
The Infiltrators	author	Donald Hamilton
The Detonators	author	Donald Hamilton
The Vanishers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Demolishers	author	Donald Hamilton
The Frighteners (novel)	author	Donald Hamilton
The Threateners	author	Donald Hamilton
The Damagers	author	Donald Hamilton
Flash (novel)	author	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
Weight Loss (novel)	author	Upamanyu Chatterjee
Ignorance (novel)	author	Milan Kundera
MoneySavingExpert.com	author	Martin Lewis (financial journalist)
Night and Day (play)	author	Tom Stoppard
Mission to America	author	Walter Kirn
The Second Form at St. Clare's	author	Enid Blyton
Dragon's Fire	author	Anne McCaffrey
Dead White (Batman novel)	author	John Shirley
Inferno (Batman novel)	author	Alexander C. Irvine
Final Impact	author	John Birmingham
Cousin Henry	author	Anthony Trollope
Murder on the Leviathan	author	Boris Akunin
The Snowy Day	author	Ezra Jack Keats
The Circus Girl	author	James T. Tanner
The Arcadians (musical)	author	Alexander M. Thompson
Showboat World	author	Jack Vance
Night of the Werewolf	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Mystery of the Samurai Sword	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Messenger Boy	author	James T. Tanner
A Country Girl	author	James T. Tanner
Brave New Girl (novel)	author	Louisa Luna
Heroes and Hobgoblins	author	L. Sprague de Camp
César Cascabel	author	Jules Verne
The Dissolution of Nicholas Dee	author	Matthew Stadler
Aristotle and the Gun and Other Stories	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Destry Rides Again (musical)	author	Leonard Gershe
Dragonsblood	author	Todd McCaffrey
A Chinese Honeymoon	author	George Dance (dramatist)
The Boy (musical)	author	Fred Thompson (writer)
The Boy (musical)	author	Percy Greenbank
The Skies of Pern	author	Anne McCaffrey
A Book of Common Prayer	author	Joan Didion
The Dolphins of Pern	author	Anne McCaffrey
Seinlanguage	author	Jerry Seinfeld
Romance of the Three Kingdoms (TV series)	author	Luo Guanzhong
Democracy (novel)	author	Joan Didion
The White Album (book)	author	Joan Didion
After Henry (book)	author	Joan Didion
Rivers of Time	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Memed, My Hawk	author	Yaşar Kemal
King, Queen, Knave	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Strange Meeting (novel)	author	Susan Hill
Mazeppa (Byron)	author	Lord Byron
Abide with Me (novel)	author	Elizabeth Strout
Sharpe's Devil	author	Bernard Cornwell
Dial-a-Ghost	author	Eva Ibbotson
The Teachings of Don Juan	author	Carlos Castaneda
A Gaiety Girl	author	Owen Hall
The Abolition of Britain	author	Peter Hitchens
The Earl and the Girl	author	Seymour Hicks
Jekyll (TV series)	author	Steven Moffat
Flesh 'n' Blood (TV series)	author	Rick Copp
Flesh 'n' Blood (TV series)	author	Michael J. Di Gaetano
Flesh 'n' Blood (TV series)	author	Lawrence Gay
Flesh 'n' Blood (TV series)	author	David A. Goodman
Flesh 'n' Blood (TV series)	author	Daniel Palladino
Guys Next Door	author	Deborah McKay
Guys Next Door	author	Steve Mackal
Guys Next Door	author	Tom Burkhard
The Alteration	author	Kingsley Amis
Show Business (1992 novel)	author	Shashi Tharoor
I Don't Mean to be Rude, but...	author	Simon Cowell
The Ninja (novel)	author	Eric Van Lustbader
In Extremis (play)	author	Howard Brenton
Tome of Magic	author	David Cook (game designer)
Tome of Magic	author	Nigel Findley
Tome of Magic	author	Christopher Kubasik
Tome of Magic	author	Carl Sargent
P.S. I Luv U	author	Glen A. Larson
P.S. I Luv U	author	Gail Morgan Hickman
The Pentagon Spy	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Apeman's Secret	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Mummy Case (Hardy Boys)	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Mystery of Smugglers Cove	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Stone Idol	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Vanishing Thieves	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Outlaw's Silver	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Submarine Caper	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Pope's Children	author	David McWilliams
Wind from the Carolinas	author	Robert Wilder
The Broken Commandment	author	Tōson Shimazaki
The Last Burden	author	Upamanyu Chatterjee
The Mammaries of the Welfare State	author	Upamanyu Chatterjee
Puteri Gunung Ledang (musical)	author	Adlin Aman Ramlie
Nymphomation	author	Jeff Noon
Where I Was From	author	Joan Didion
Lady, Be Good (musical)	author	Guy Bolton
Lady, Be Good (musical)	author	Fred Thompson (writer)
The Doll People	author	Ann M. Martin
The French Maid	author	Basil Hood
The Girls of Gottenberg	author	George Grossmith, Jr.
The Last Open Road	author	B. S. Levy
Gata Salvaje	author	Omaira Rivero
The Winter Queen (novel)	author	Boris Akunin
Spencerville (novel)	author	Nelson DeMille
Tobacco and Slaves: The Development of Southern Cultures in the Chesapeake, 1680–1800	author	Allan Kulikoff
Amelia Peabody series	author	Barbara Mertz
The Icarus Hunt	author	Timothy Zahn
The First Part Last	author	Angela Johnson (writer)
The Penderwicks: A Summer Tale of Four Sisters, Two Rabbits, and a Very Interesting Boy	author	Jeanne Birdsall
Sporting Chance	author	Elizabeth Moon
Once a Hero (novel)	author	Elizabeth Moon
Rules of Engagement (novel)	author	Elizabeth Moon
Winning Colors	author	Elizabeth Moon
Prayers to Broken Stones	author	Dan Simmons
Travelers of a Hundred Ages	author	Donald Keene
In the Ocean of Night	author	Gregory Benford
Four Major Plays of Chikamatsu	author	Chikamatsu Monzaemon
Hunting Party	author	Elizabeth Moon
Heirs of Empire	author	David Weber
Path of the Fury	author	David Weber
Change of Command	author	Elizabeth Moon
Against the Odds	author	Elizabeth Moon
Across the Sea of Suns	author	Gregory Benford
Rationality and power	author	Bent Flyvbjerg
Web (novel)	author	John Wyndham
Dog Years (novel)	author	Günter Grass
Trying to Save Piggy Sneed	author	John Irving
Harlan Ellison's Watching	author	Harlan Ellison
TheDetroiter.com	author	John Sousanis
TheDetroiter.com	author	Nick Sousanis
The Cave (novel)	author	José Saramago
If I Die in a Combat Zone, Box Me Up and Ship Me Home	author	Tim O'Brien (author)
An Artist's Model	author	Owen Hall
Gay's the Word (musical)	author	Ivor Novello
Mary, Mary	author	James Patterson
Judge and Jury	author	James Patterson
Miami (book)	author	Joan Didion
Salvador (book)	author	Joan Didion
Safely Home	author	Randy Alcorn
One, Two, Buckle My Shoe (novel)	author	Agatha Christie
Political Fictions	author	Joan Didion
Dairy Queen (novel)	author	Catherine Gilbert Murdock
The Discovery of Slowness	author	Sten Nadolny
Joseph Had a Little Overcoat	author	Simms Taback
The Mike O'Malley Show	author	Dana Gould
The Mike O'Malley Show	author	Mike O'Malley
Witch Week	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Castle in the Air	author	Diana Wynne Jones
The Infinity Clue	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Terrorist (novel)	author	John Updike
The Four-Headed Dragon	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Track of the Zombie	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Billion Dollar Ransom	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Tic-Tac-Terror	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Trapped at Sea	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Game Plan for Disaster	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Crimson Flame	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Thief (1996 novel)	author	Megan Whalen Turner
Cyborg (novel)	author	Martin Caidin
Hallam Foe (novel)	author	Peter Jinks
Blind Faith (book)	author	Joe McGinniss
The Wild Blue	author	Stephen E. Ambrose
A Perfect Stranger	author	Danielle Steel
Monty (TV series)	author	Jane Espenson
Reaper's Gale	author	Steven Erikson
Go, Dog. Go!	author	P. D. Eastman
Ken Uston's Guide to Buying and Beating the Home Video Games	author	Ken Uston
Gertrude and Claudius	author	John Updike
The Clue of the Tapping Heels	author	Carolyn Keene
Kazohinia	author	Sándor Szathmári
The Individuated Hobbit	author	Timothy R. O'Neill
Summon the Thunder	author	Dayton Ward
Summon the Thunder	author	Kevin Dilmore
Years in the Making: the Time-Travel Stories of L. Sprague de Camp	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	Hugh Walpole
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	Agatha Christie
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	Anthony Berkeley Cox
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	Edmund Clerihew Bentley
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	Ronald Knox
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	Freeman Wills Crofts
The Scoop and Behind the Screen	author	Clemence Dane
The Purple Pterodactyls	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Captain's Daughter	author	Alexander Pushkin
Blackadder: The Cavalier Years	author	Ben Elton
Blackadder: The Cavalier Years	author	Richard Curtis
The Story Girl	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Dragon Sword and Wind Child	author	Noriko Ogiwara
A Choice of Magic	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The Meaning of Night	author	Michael Cox (novelist)
Computers and Cognition	author	James H. Fetzer
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie	author	Laura Numeroff
The Reluctant Shaman and Other Fantastic Tales	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Tales from Gavagan's Bar	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Tales from Gavagan's Bar	author	Fletcher Pratt
The Bird of Night	author	Susan Hill
Jubilee (novel)	author	Margaret Walker
Conservatives without Conscience	author	John Dean
Hot Metal	author	Andrew Marshall
Hot Metal	author	David Renwick
Five on a Treasure Island	author	Enid Blyton
A Man Called Shenandoah	author	Samuel A. Peeples
The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain	author	Charles Dickens
Bears Can't Run Downhill	author	Robert Anwood
The Girl at the Lion d'Or	author	Sebastian Faulks
After Doomsday	author	Poul Anderson
Babyji	author	Abha Dawesar
Dead Girls	author	Richard Calder
The Grass Crown (novel)	author	Colleen McCullough
Talking Right	author	Geoffrey Nunberg
Sunrise at Campobello (play)	author	Dore Schary
The Young Visiters	author	Daisy Ashford
A Fool's Alphabet	author	Sebastian Faulks
The List of Seven	author	Mark Frost
Heart of Gold (novel)	author	Sharon Shinn
A J Wentworth, BA	author	Basil Boothroyd
Mary (1985 TV series)	author	David Isaacs (writer)
Mary (1985 TV series)	author	Ken Levine (TV personality)
Mary (1985 TV series)	author	Merrill Markoe
Line of Delirium	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
Sorcerer's Son	author	Phyllis Eisenstein
The Tritonian Ring and Other Pusadian Tales	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Czarne oceany	author	Jacek Dukaj
Any Human Heart	author	William Boyd (writer)
The Continent Makers and Other Tales of the Viagens	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Crystal Palace (novel)	author	Phyllis Eisenstein
Bandanna (opera)	author	William Shakespeare
The Soap Lady	author	Renée French
The Birth of Venus (novel)	author	Sarah Dunant
The Batman/Superman Hour	author	Dennis Marks
The Batman/Superman Hour	author	Bob Kane
The Class (Erich Segal novel)	author	Erich Segal
Billy Bishop Goes to War	author	John MacLachlan Gray
Billy Bishop Goes to War	author	Eric Peterson
Pickwick (musical)	author	Wolf Mankowitz
The Healthy Dead	author	Steven Erikson
Oracle Designer	author	Oracle Corporation
Daredevil (novel)	author	Leslie Charteris
Animal Crackers (musical)	author	George S. Kaufman
Animal Crackers (musical)	author	Morrie Ryskind
The Bedroom Secrets of the Master Chefs	author	Irvine Welsh
Encounters with the Archdruid	author	John McPhee
The Skystone	author	Jack Whyte
Thieves of Baghdad	author	Matthew Bogdanos
Fermina Márquez	author	Valery Larbaud
The Saint (novel)	author	Burl Barer
The Saint (novel)	author	Leslie Charteris
The Saint (novel)	author	Jonathan Hensleigh
The Saint (novel)	author	Wesley Strick
The Singing Sword	author	Jack Whyte
Divide and Rule (collection)	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Birds of America	author	John James Audubon
The Conservationist	author	Nadine Gordimer
Strands of Starlight	author	Gael Baudino
Centauri Dawn	author	Michael Ely
Confessions of an Heiress	author	Paris Hilton
Confessions of an Heiress	author	Merle Ginsberg
The Pendragon Legend	author	Antal Szerb
In His Own Write	author	John Lennon
A Spaniard in the Works	author	John Lennon
The Story of Lucy Gault	author	William Trevor
The Mystery of the Ivory Charm	author	Carolyn Keene
Falsettos	author	James Lapine
Falsettos	author	William Finn
Owls in the Family	author	Farley Mowat
Cathleen Ní Houlihan	author	W. B. Yeats
Cathleen Ní Houlihan	author	Augusta, Lady Gregory
The Postmodern Condition	author	Jean-François Lyotard
A Nature Conservation Review	author	Derek Ratcliffe
A Book of Ogres and Trolls	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The Saint's Lady	author	Joy Martin
Blond Barbarians and Noble Savages	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Destiny of the Dead	author	Ian Irvine
Philosophy of Arithmetic (book)	author	Edmund Husserl
Marry Me A Little (musical)	author	Revue
Upstart	author	Scott James Remnant
The Apple Tree	author	Jerry Bock
The Apple Tree	author	Sheldon Harnick
The Apple Tree	author	Jerome Coopersmith
Ox-Cart Man	author	Donald Hall
Twilight of the Idols	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
Let's All Kill Constance	author	Ray Bradbury
Elsewhere (anthology)	author	Michael Barry (writer)
Tupac Shakur Legacy	author	Jamal Joseph
L'Encyclopédie Du Savoir Relatif Et Absolu	author	Bernard Werber
So You Want to Be President?	author	Judith St. George
OpenCard Framework	author	IBM
The Flying Trunk	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Treasure Hunters (book)	author	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
One Man's Chorus: The Uncollected Writings	author	Anthony Burgess
Maze of Moonlight	author	Gael Baudino
Shroud of Shadow	author	Gael Baudino
Strands of Sunlight	author	Gael Baudino
In the Best Families	author	Rex Stout
The Wild Boys (novel)	author	William S. Burroughs
Lovecraft: A Look Behind the Cthulhu Mythos	author	Lin Carter
M/F	author	Anthony Burgess
A Book of Spooks and Spectres	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The Fate of the Children	author	Ian Irvine
Rescue 8	author	Jesse L. Lasky, Jr.
Back Street (novel)	author	Fannie Hurst
Firedoglake	author	Jane Hamsher
The Highwayman (poem)	author	Alfred Noyes
Under the Sunset	author	Bram Stoker
The Belle of Mayfair	author	Basil Hood
The Belle of Mayfair	author	Charles Brookfield
The Belle of Mayfair	author	Cosmo Hamilton
Conan and the Spider God	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Antarctic Conquest	author	Finn Ronne
Memphis (musical)	author	Joe DiPietro
You Again?	author	Eric Chappell
You Again?	author	Gary Jacobs (writer)
You Again?	author	Doug McIntyre
You Again?	author	Jerry Stahl
The Man with the Golden Arm (novel)	author	Nelson Algren
God Game (novel)	author	Andrew Greeley
The Magic City (novel)	author	E. Nesbit
Agent Arthur's Desert Challenge	author	Martin Oliver
Stubborn Cinderella	author	William M. Hough
Stubborn Cinderella	author	Frank R. Adams
The Balkan Princess	author	Frederick Lonsdale
The Balkan Princess	author	Frank Curzon
The Girl Behind the Counter	author	Arthur Anderson (dramatist)
Sir Nigel	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
TV's Bloopers & Practical Jokes	author	Bryan Michael Stoller
TV's Bloopers & Practical Jokes	author	Karl Tiedemann
The Count of Luxembourg	author	Basil Hood
The Count of Luxembourg	author	Adrian Ross
'Orrible	author	Johnny Vaughan
The Belle of New York (musical)	author	Hugh Morton (dramatist)
The Most Beautiful Woman in Town	author	Charles Bukowski
Cthulhu Mythos anthology	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Cthulhu Mythos anthology  New Tales of the Cthulhu Mythos   1	author	Ramsey Campbell
Cthulhu Mythos anthology  Tales of the Cthulhu Mythos   1	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Cthulhu Mythos anthology  Tales of the Lovecraft Mythos   1	author	Robert M. Price
Cthulhu Mythos anthology  Cthulhu 2000   1	author	Jim Turner (editor)
Cthulhu Mythos anthology  The New Lovecraft Circle   1	author	Robert M. Price
Cthulhu Mythos anthology  Song of Cthulhu   1	author	Stephen Mark Rainey
Cthulhu Mythos anthology  The Children of Cthulhu   1	author	John Pelan
Cthulhu Mythos anthology  Cthulhu Unbound   1	author	John Sunseri
Cthulhu Mythos anthology  Cthulhu Unbound   1	author	Thom Brannan
Cthulhu Mythos anthology  Cthulhu Unbound 2   1	author	John Sunseri
Cthulhu Mythos anthology  Cthulhu Unbound 2   1	author	Thom Brannan
Cthulhu Mythos anthology  Cthulhu's Reign   1	author	Darrell Schweitzer
Song and Dance Man	author	Karen Ackerman
The Fateful Triangle	author	Noam Chomsky
When Eight Bells Toll	author	Alistair MacLean
The Prophecy of the Stones	author	Flavia Bujor
The Sword of the Dawn	author	Michael Moorcock
Over the Wine Dark Sea	author	Harry Turtledove
Milk and Honey (musical)	author	Don Appell
A Book of Enchantments and Curses	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The Dollar Princess	author	Fritz Grünbaum
The Dollar Princess	author	Basil Hood
The Dollar Princess	author	George Grossmith, Jr.
The Adventures of Superboy (TV series)	author	Vernon E. Clark
The Adventures of Superboy (TV series)	author	Whitney Ellsworth
A Book of Sorcerers and Spells	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Peter and the Piskies: Cornish Folk and Fairy Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Emergence (novel)	author	David R. Palmer
The Anarchical Society	author	Hedley Bull
A Book of Giants	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Superman (TV series)	author	Cherie Wilkerson
The 13½ Lives of Captain Bluebear	author	Walter Moers
Young Bloods	author	Simon Scarrow
Men at Birth	author	David Vernon (writer)
Tom Clancy's Op-Center: Acts of War	author	Tom Clancy
Still Life with Crows	author	Lincoln Child
Still Life with Crows	author	Douglas Preston
Fire in the Steppe	author	Henryk Sienkiewicz
Our House (musical)	author	Tim Firth
The Deluge (novel)	author	Henryk Sienkiewicz
Conquistador (novel)	author	S. M. Stirling
The Thief Queen's Daughter	author	Elizabeth Haydon
The Kingdom of this World	author	Alejo Carpentier
Conan the Liberator	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan the Liberator	author	Lin Carter
Bootleg (TV serial)	author	Alex Shearer
Bootleg (TV serial)	author	Paul Smith (writer)
48 Shades of Brown	author	Nick Earls
The Catch of the Season	author	Seymour Hicks
The Catch of the Season	author	Cosmo Hamilton
First Test	author	Tamora Pierce
Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice (TV series)	author	James S. Henerson
Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice (TV series)	author	Bernard M. Kahn
The Ape-Man Within	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan the Barbarian (novel)	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan the Barbarian (novel)	author	Lin Carter
Conan the Barbarian (novel)	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
The New Adventures of Perry Mason	author	Erle Stanley Gardner
Tur-Strato 4	author	H. Weinhengst
The Sands of Time (Hoeye novel)	author	Michael Hoeye
No Time Like Show Time	author	Michael Hoeye
Anna and the King (TV series)	author	Bill Idelson
Anna and the King (TV series)	author	Margaret Landon
What Is to Be Done? (novel)	author	Nikolay Chernyshevsky
Nichols (TV series)	author	Juanita Bartlett
Nichols (TV series)	author	Gene L. Coon
Nichols (TV series)	author	Theodore J. Flicker
Nichols (TV series)	author	Marion Hargrove
Nichols (TV series)	author	Buck Houghton
Nichols (TV series)	author	George Kirgo
Nichols (TV series)	author	Frank Pierson
Nichols (TV series)	author	Shimon Wincelberg
Three Days to Never	author	Tim Powers
Metro (novel)	author	Vladimir Varankin
Death Match	author	Lincoln Child
The Enchanted Type-Writer	author	John Kendrick Bangs
Throne of Jade	author	Naomi Novik
Throne of Jade  Temeraire: Throne of Jade   1	author	Naomi Novik
This Way for the Gas, Ladies and Gentlemen	author	Tadeusz Borowski
Pother Kanta	author	Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay
The Brothers K	author	David James Duncan
The Glory That Was	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The D.A. (1971 TV series)	author	Stephen J. Cannell
The D.A. (1971 TV series)	author	Robert A. Cinader
O'Hara, U.S. Treasury	author	Richard Carlson
O'Hara, U.S. Treasury	author	Jackson Gillis
O'Hara, U.S. Treasury	author	William P. McGivern
O'Hara, U.S. Treasury	author	Gilbert Ralston
O'Hara, U.S. Treasury	author	Hank Searls
Page (novel)	author	Tamora Pierce
Alexandr v tramvaji	author	Pavel Řezníček
Diamonds Are Forever (novel)	author	Ian Fleming
Street Magic	author	Tamora Pierce
The Process (novel)	author	Brion Gysin
The Turkish Gambit	author	Boris Akunin
3rd Degree (novel)	author	James Patterson
3rd Degree (novel)	author	Andrew Gross
Das Dreimäderlhaus	author	A. M. Willner
A Book of Devils and Demons	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Rise of the Ogre	author	Cass Browne
Rise of the Ogre	author	Gorillaz
Kredu min, sinjorino!	author	Cezaro Rossetti
Mr. Tot Aĉetas Mil Okulojn	author	Jan Fethke
Saltego trans Jarmiloj	author	Jan Fethke
Conan of the Isles	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan of the Isles	author	Lin Carter
Adequacy.org	author	Online identity
Legion (novel)	author	William Peter Blatty
Wolf Brother	author	Michelle Paver
Conan the Avenger	author	Robert E. Howard
Conan the Avenger	author	Björn Nyberg
Conan the Avenger	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Tree of Knowledge	author	Pío Baroja
Dead Boys (novel)	author	Richard Calder (writer)
Abismoj	author	Jan Fethke
Seemanto-heera	author	Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay
The Little House	author	Virginia Lee Burton
The Gods of Pegāna	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
A Book of Wizards	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Sherlock Holmes's War of the Worlds	author	Manly Wade Wellman
A Book of Dragons	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The Return of Conan	author	Björn Nyberg
The Return of Conan	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Genus Homo (novel)	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Genus Homo (novel)	author	P. Schuyler Miller
Staying On	author	Paul Mark Scott
St. Ronan's Well	author	Walter Scott
Witch Wood	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
Google Image Labeler	author	Google
MyFonts	author	Various contributors
The Island of Sheep	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
Some Buried Caesar	author	Rex Stout
Palace Walk	author	Naguib Mahfouz
You Suck: A Love Story	author	Christopher Moore (author)
What Witches Do	author	Stewart Farrar
Having a Great Birth in Australia	author	David Vernon
The Gatekeepers	author	Jacques Steinberg
Tales from Pleasure Beach	author	Roger Williams (playwright)
The Tangle Box	author	Terry Brooks
The Black Unicorn	author	Terry Brooks
Magic Kingdom for Sale — SOLD!	author	Terry Brooks
The Talismans of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
The Elf Queen of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
The Druid of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
A Knight of the Word	author	Terry Brooks
Running with the Demon	author	Terry Brooks
Angel Fire East	author	Terry Brooks
The Three Impostors	author	Arthur Machen
Your Spaceflight Manual	author	David Ashford
Your Spaceflight Manual	author	Patrick Collins (author)
Why Is Sex Fun?	author	Jared Diamond
Conan of Aquilonia	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan of Aquilonia	author	Lin Carter
Fossil Hunter	author	Robert J. Sawyer
Science-Fiction Handbook	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan of Cimmeria	author	Robert E. Howard
Conan of Cimmeria	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan of Cimmeria	author	Lin Carter
A Glass of Blessings	author	Barbara Pym
Champagne for One	author	Rex Stout
Special Topics in Calamity Physics	author	Marisha Pessl
The Canon of Judo	author	Kyuzo Mifune
The Invasion (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Cults in Our Midst	author	Margaret Singer
Cults in Our Midst	author	Janja Lalich
Cults in Our Midst	author	Robert Jay Lifton
Conan the Warrior	author	Robert E. Howard
Witches' Brew (novel)	author	Terry Brooks
Wizard at Large	author	Terry Brooks
Both Sides of Time	author	Caroline B. Cooney
Prisoner of Time	author	Caroline B. Cooney
For All Time	author	Caroline B. Cooney
The Protector's War	author	S. M. Stirling
Not the End of the World (crime novel)	author	Christopher Brookmyre
The Fox and the Hound (novel)	author	Daniel P. Mannix
Bet on the Saint	author	Fleming Lee
Bet on the Saint	author	Leslie Charteris
The Overachievers	author	Alexandra Robbins
A Book of Monsters	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
A Book of Mermaids	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Conan the Adventurer (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
Conan the Adventurer (collection)	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan the Freebooter	author	Robert E. Howard
Conan the Freebooter	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
Conan (collection)	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan (collection)	author	Lin Carter
The Visitor (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Season of the Witch	author	James Leo Herlihy
The Beginning (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Encounter (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Android (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Cold Fire (Tamora Pierce novel)	author	Tamora Pierce
Wayfarer Redemption	author	Sara Douglass
Wayfarer Redemption  Enchanter   1	author	Sara Douglass
Wayfarer Redemption  StarMan   1	author	Sara Douglass
The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid	author	Bill Bryson
Roll Out	author	Gene Reynolds
Parti Parikatha	author	Phanishwar Nath 'Renu'
The Hidden Family	author	Charles Stross
The Clan Corporate	author	Charles Stross
Imperium (novel)	author	Robert Harris (novelist)
The Athenian Murders	author	José Carlos Somoza
Flipped	author	Wendelin Van Draanen
Conan the Usurper	author	Robert E. Howard
Conan the Usurper	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Tantrasamgraha	author	Nilakantha Somayaji
A Book of Dwarfs	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Conan the Wanderer	author	Robert E. Howard
Conan the Wanderer	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan the Wanderer	author	Lin Carter
The Power of the Dog	author	Don Winslow
The Don Flows Home to the Sea	author	Mikhail Sholokhov
Curse of the Viking Grave	author	Farley Mowat
Donkeys' Years	author	Michael Frayn
Squire (novel)	author	Tamora Pierce
Koko (novel)	author	Peter Straub
Dawkins' God: Genes, Memes, and the Meaning of Life	author	Alister McGrath
A Suitable Boy	author	Vikram Seth
Count Robert of Paris	author	Walter Scott
Castle Dangerous	author	Walter Scott
Conan the Buccaneer	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan the Buccaneer	author	Lin Carter
The Silver Kiss	author	Annette Curtis Klause
How to Be Popular	author	Meg Cabot
A Land Remembered	author	Patrick D. Smith
Jamaica (musical)	author	Yip Harburg
Jamaica (musical)	author	Fred Saidy
Conan the Swordsman	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Conan the Swordsman	author	Lin Carter
Conan the Swordsman	author	Björn Nyberg
Tales of Conan	author	Robert E. Howard
Tales of Conan	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Answer (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Sunlight Dialogues	author	John Gardner (American writer)
Tesseract (software)	author	Hewlett-Packard
Teen Idol (novel)	author	Meg Cabot
The Wish (novel)	author	Gail Carson Levine
40 Days with God: A Devotional Journey	author	Rebecca St. James
The Tiger Rising	author	Kate DiCamillo
Hothouses	author	Maurice Maeterlinck
Sarek (Star Trek novel)	author	Ann C. Crispin
A Book of Witches	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The State Counsellor	author	Boris Akunin
The Way We Talk Now	author	Geoffrey Nunberg
Vampirates: Tide of Terror	author	Justin Somper
The Mystery of the Brass Bound Trunk	author	Carolyn Keene
The Mystery at the Moss-Covered Mansion	author	Carolyn Keene
The Quest of the Missing Map	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue in the Jewel Box	author	Carolyn Keene
The Secret in the Old Attic	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue in the Crumbling Wall	author	Carolyn Keene
The Mystery of the Tolling Bell	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue in the Old Album	author	Carolyn Keene
The Ghost of Blackwood Hall	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue of the Leaning Chimney	author	Carolyn Keene
The Secret of the Wooden Lady	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue of the Black Keys	author	Carolyn Keene
The Mystery at the Ski Jump	author	Carolyn Keene
Maximum City	author	Suketu Mehta
The Ringmaster's Secret	author	Carolyn Keene
The Scarlet Slipper Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
The Witch Tree Symbol	author	Carolyn Keene
The Hidden Window Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
The Secret of the Golden Pavilion	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue of the Dancing Puppet	author	Carolyn Keene
The Moonstone Castle Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue of the Whistling Bagpipes	author	Carolyn Keene
The Phantom of Pine Hill	author	Carolyn Keene
The Mystery of the 99 Steps	author	Carolyn Keene
The Clue in the Crossword Cipher	author	Carolyn Keene
The Spider Sapphire Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
The Invisible Intruder	author	Carolyn Keene
The Mysterious Mannequin	author	Carolyn Keene
The Crooked Banister	author	Carolyn Keene
Blood Done Sign My Name	author	Timothy Tyson
Beat Generation (play)	author	Jack Kerouac
Sexual Politics	author	Kate Millett
You're the Voice: 40 More Days with God	author	Rebecca St. James
Yesterday's Son	author	Ann C. Crispin
Time for Yesterday	author	Ann C. Crispin
A Book of Cats and Creatures	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
A Book of Ghosts and Goblins	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
A Book of Princes and Princesses	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The Double Jinx Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
A Spot of Bother	author	Mark Haddon
Maps for Lost Lovers	author	Nadeem Aslam
The Last Theorem	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Last Theorem	author	Frederik Pohl
Bengal Nights (novel)	author	Mircea Eliade
The Strange Case of Peter the Lett	author	Georges Simenon
Mystery of the Glowing Eye	author	Carolyn Keene
The Secret of the Forgotten City	author	Carolyn Keene
The Sky Phantom	author	Carolyn Keene
The Strange Message in the Parchment	author	Carolyn Keene
Mystery of Crocodile Island	author	Carolyn Keene
The Thirteenth Pearl	author	Carolyn Keene
To Quebec and the Stars	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Incorporated Knight	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Incorporated Knight	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
Wait for Me: Rediscovering the Joy of Purity in Romance	author	Rebecca St. James
A Book of Magic Animals	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The Red King and the Witch: Gypsy Folk and Fairy Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The Pixilated Peeress	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Pixilated Peeress	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
Nightrise	author	Anthony Horowitz
Deep Six (novel)	author	Clive Cussler
Cyclops (novel)	author	Clive Cussler
Treasure (Clive Cussler novel)	author	Clive Cussler
Pacific Vortex!	author	Clive Cussler
Der Giftpilz	author	Ernst Hiemer
The Martian Chronicles (TV miniseries)	author	Richard Matheson
Werner Erhard (book)	author	William Warren Bartley
Flood Tide	author	Clive Cussler
Perfect Dark: Second Front	author	Greg Rucka
The Lost Prince (novel)	author	Frances Hodgson Burnett
Black Skin, White Masks	author	Frantz Fanon
As Simple as Snow	author	Gregory Galloway
Sebastian (novel)	author	Anne Bishop
A Book of Charms and Changelings	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
A Book of Kings and Queens	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Evil Dead: The Musical	author	George Reinblatt
Sagas of Conan	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Sagas of Conan	author	Lin Carter
Sagas of Conan	author	Björn Nyberg
Hills End	author	Ivan Southall
A Drama in Mexico	author	Jules Verne
The Mutineers of the Bounty	author	Jules Verne
The Hallo-Wiener	author	Dav Pilkey
Comfort Food (novel)	author	Noah Ashenhurst
Dolphin Island (novel)	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Farsight	author	Collabora
A Book of Magic Horses	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
A Book of Magical Beasts	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
23 Years	author	Ali Dashti
The Virgin of Zesh	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Zorba (musical)	author	Joseph Stein
More New Arabian Nights: The Dynamiter	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
More New Arabian Nights: The Dynamiter	author	Fanny Van de Grift
Love Bites (TV series)	author	Cindy Chupack
The Death of Achilles	author	Boris Akunin
The Garin Death Ray	author	Aleksey Nikolayevich Tolstoy
Breakfast at Tiffany's (novella)	author	Truman Capote
Hadon of Ancient Opar	author	Philip José Farmer
The Message (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Hope Leslie	author	Catharine Sedgwick
The Sea Devil's Eye (novel)	author	Mel Odom (author)
The Adventures of Captain Hatteras	author	Jules Verne
The Rings of Saturn	author	W. G. Sebald
Gil Braltar	author	Jules Verne
The Lost Stradivarius	author	J. Meade Falkner
The Happy Day	author	Seymour Hicks
Next (novel)	author	Michael Crichton
Ordinary People (novel)	author	Judith Guest
Frritt-Flacc	author	Jules Verne
Raising Hell (book)	author	David Weir (journalist)
Raising Hell (book)	author	Mike Wallace (journalist)
Movies in Fifteen Minutes	author	Cleolinda Jones
Movies in Fifteen Minutes  : Hollywood Blockbusters   1	author	Cleolinda Jones
Black Powder War	author	Naomi Novik
Black Powder War    1	author	Naomi Novik
Jonnikin and the Flying Basket: French Folk and Fairy Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The Ultimate Solution	author	Eric Norden
Man Equals Man	author	Bertolt Brecht
The Bone Doll's Twin	author	Lynn Flewelling
Hoy No Me Puedo Levantar	author	David Serrano
William the Detective	author	Richmal Crompton
Psycho House	author	Robert Bloch
Bunny Lake Is Missing (novel)	author	Merriam Modell
The 85 Ways to Tie a Tie	author	Thomas Fink
The 85 Ways to Tie a Tie	author	Yong Mao
The Predator (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Capture (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Hope and Other Dangerous Pursuits	author	Laila Lalami
Battlefield Earth (novel)	author	L. Ron Hubbard
The Making of Robert E. Lee	author	Michael Fellman
Young Men and Fire	author	Norman Maclean
Invariances	author	Robert Nozick
A Kid for Two Farthings	author	Wolf Mankowitz
The Virgin of Zesh & The Tower of Zanid	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Knight Life	author	Peter David
The Iron Horse (TV series)	author	Stanley Adams (actor)
The Iron Horse (TV series)	author	Samuel Fuller
The Iron Horse (TV series)	author	Peter B. Germano
The Iron Horse (TV series)	author	Gilbert Ralston
Two Hearts (story)	author	Peter S. Beagle
Mirror, Mirror (novel)	author	Gregory Maguire
The Grinch Grinches the Cat in the Hat	author	Dr. Seuss
Hidden Warrior	author	Lynn Flewelling
The Lady of the Sorrows	author	Cecilia Dart-Thornton
Westinghouse Playhouse	author	Luther Davis
The Eclipse: A Memoir of Suicide	author	Antonella Gambotto-Burke
The Pure Weight of the Heart	author	Antonella Gambotto-Burke
Love, Janis (musical)	author	Janis Joplin
Love, Janis (musical)	author	Randal Myler
1945 (1995 novel)	author	Newt Gingrich
1945 (1995 novel)	author	William R. Forstchen
War Trash	author	Ha Jin
The Sound of His Horn	author	Sarban
Godaan	author	Premchand
The Early Admissions Game: Joining the Elite	author	Richard Zeckhauser
Marco's Millions (novel)	author	William Sleator
New Moon (novel)	author	Stephenie Meyer
Celestial Matters	author	Richard Garfinkle
Sister Freaks	author	Rebecca St. James
Deryni Rising	author	Katherine Kurtz
The Treasure of Tranicos (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
The Treasure of Tranicos (collection)	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Deryni Checkmate	author	Katherine Kurtz
Cameo Murders	author	Barry Shortall
The Great Controversy (book)	author	Ellen G. White
The Stranger (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Men Like Gods	author	H. G. Wells
Danton's Death	author	Georg Büchner
The Intelligent Man's Guide to Science	author	Isaac Asimov
The Genocides	author	Thomas M. Disch
Citizendium	author	Larry Sanger
Jurgen, A Comedy of Justice	author	James Branch Cabell
Miss Viola Swamp	author	Harry Allard
Miss Viola Swamp	author	James Marshall (author)
Miss Viola Swamp  Miss Nelson is Back   1	author	Harry Allard
Miss Viola Swamp  Miss Nelson is Back   1	author	James Marshall (author)
Miss Viola Swamp  Miss Nelson Has a Field Day   1	author	Harry Allard
Miss Viola Swamp  Miss Nelson Has a Field Day   1	author	James Marshall (author)
Doctor Dolittle (TV series)	author	Paul Harrison
Doctor Dolittle (TV series)	author	Lennie Weinrib
The Goblin Wood	author	Hilari Bell
Forging the Sword	author	Hilari Bell
The Barkleys	author	Woody Kling
The Barkleys	author	Dennis Marks
The Barkleys	author	David Evans
Summer (novel)	author	Edith Wharton
The New Andy Griffith Show	author	Aaron Ruben
Time of the Twins	author	Margaret Weis
Meet the Austins	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Moral Disorder	author	Margaret Atwood
Duma Key	author	Stephen King
The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz (novel)	author	Mordecai Richler
Harry's Mad	author	David Lloyd (actor)
Harry's Mad	author	Mark Billingham
The White People	author	Arthur Machen
The Flame Knife	author	Robert E. Howard
The Flame Knife	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Hallelujah, Baby!	author	Arthur Laurents
Sixth Grade Secrets	author	Louis Sachar
Paradise of the Blind	author	Duong Thu Huong
Letter to a Child Never Born	author	Oriana Fallaci
The Great Gilly Hopkins	author	Katherine Paterson
The Marriage-Go-Round	author	Leslie Stevens
Bring in 'da Noise, Bring in 'da Funk	author	Reg E. Gaines
Billion Dollar Baby	author	Betty Comden
Billion Dollar Baby	author	Adolph Green
The Devil in the White City	author	Erik Larson (author)
Brightness Reef	author	David Brin
Lunch of Blood	author	Antonella Gambotto-Burke
High Deryni	author	Katherine Kurtz
Live and Let Die (novel)	author	Ian Fleming
I Loved Tiberius	author	Elisabeth Dored
Magic Steps	author	Tamora Pierce
Bikini Planet	author	David S. Garnett
For One More Day	author	Mitch Albom
The Glass Man and the Golden Bird: Hungarian Folk and Fairy Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Ticktock (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Theory and Technique	author	Renzo Gracie
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Theory and Technique	author	Royler Gracie
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Theory and Technique	author	Kid Peligro
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Theory and Technique	author	John Danaher (martial artist)
Gianni and the Ogre	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The Dooley and Pals Show	author	Ken Jones
The Dooley and Pals Show	author	Adriane McCann
The Alien (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Horn of Mortal Danger	author	Lawrence Leonard
The Conan Chronicles	author	Robert E. Howard
The Conan Chronicles	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Conan Chronicles	author	Lin Carter
The Conan Chronicles 2	author	Robert E. Howard
The Conan Chronicles 2	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Conan Chronicles 2	author	Lin Carter
Song in the Silence	author	Elizabeth Kerner
Google.by	author	Google
Tales from the Expat Harem	author	Anastasia M. Ashman
Tales from the Expat Harem	author	Jennifer Eaton Gokmen
The Legend of the Condor Heroes (1983 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Matroesjka's	author	Marc Punt
Matroesjka's	author	Guy Goossens
Central Park West (TV series)	author	Terri Minsky
Central Park West (TV series)	author	Darren Star
Central Park West (TV series)	author	Adriana Trigiani
The Children of Húrin	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Children of Húrin	author	Christopher Tolkien
Wrong about Japan	author	Peter Carey (novelist)
The Black Prince (novel)	author	Iris Murdoch
Anna in the Tropics	author	Nilo Cruz
The Reluctant King	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Moth Smoke	author	Mohsin Hamid
The Reluctant Fundamentalist	author	Mohsin Hamid
The Child Garden	author	Geoff Ryman
Foundations of Christianity	author	Karl Kautsky
The Return of Tarzan	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Camber of Culdi (novel)	author	Katherine Kurtz
Psycho II (novel)	author	Robert Bloch
Frostburn	author	Wolfgang Baur
Frostburn	author	James Jacobs (game designer)
Newt (programming library)	author	Red Hat
Robert Bloch's Psychos	author	Stephen King
Robert Bloch's Psychos	author	List of Latin phrases (E)#et alibi
As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning	author	Laurie Lee
The Secret River	author	Kate Grenville
Island in the Sea of Time	author	S. M. Stirling
Flight to Opar	author	Philip José Farmer
The Consumer's Guide to Effective Environmental Choices: Practical Advice from the Union of Concerned Scientists	author	Michael Brower
The Consumer's Guide to Effective Environmental Choices: Practical Advice from the Union of Concerned Scientists	author	Warren Leon
A Tree Is Nice	author	Janice May Udry
The Brothers' War	author	Jeff Grubb
Eight Habits of the Heart: Embracing the Values that Build Strong Communities	author	Clifton Taulbert
The Fifth Form at St. Dominic's	author	Talbot Baines Reed
Hardboiled & Hard Luck (novel)	author	Banana Yoshimoto
Oracle's Queen	author	Lynn Flewelling
Face to Fate	author	Wen Ruian
Daja's Book	author	Tamora Pierce
Chamber Music (play)	author	Arthur Kopit
Paper Doll (novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Time of Wonder	author	Robert McCloskey
Snakes in Suits: When Psychopaths Go to Work	author	Paul Babiak
Snakes in Suits: When Psychopaths Go to Work	author	Robert Hare (psychologist)
The Secret (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Visser (novel)	author	K. A. Applegate
Wizards at War	author	Diane Duane
Saint Camber	author	Katherine Kurtz
How to Make Money Like a Porn Star	author	Neil Strauss
Queen Bees and Wannabes	author	Rosalind Wiseman
The Pirates! in an Adventure with Communists	author	Gideon Defoe
I Put a Spell on You (book)	author	Nina Simone
Resurrection Day	author	Brendan DuBois
Shaheen (novel)	author	Naseem Hijazi
Pretties	author	Scott Westerfeld
The Penguins of Doom	author	Greg R. Fishbone
Specials (novel)	author	Scott Westerfeld
The Love Machine (novel)	author	Jacqueline Susann
My Opposition	author	Friedrich Kellner
Jozi-H	author	Alyson Feltes
Mimi and Toutou Go Forth: The Bizarre Battle for Lake Tanganyika	author	Giles Foden
The Great Unraveling	author	Paul Krugman
The God Who Is There	author	Francis Schaeffer
The Bighead	author	Edward Lee (writer)
The Great History	author	Muhammad al-Bukhari
Baby Bob	author	Dan Signer
Al-Kamal fi Asma' al-Rijal	author	Abd al-Ghani al-Maqdisi
Blood and Guts in High School	author	Kathy Acker
Horowitz Horror	author	Anthony Horowitz
Horowitz Horror  More Horowitz Horror   1	author	Anthony Horowitz
Tarzan and the Ant Men	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Mask of Apollo	author	Mary Renault
Victory (novel)	author	Joseph Conrad
Green Thumb	author	Rob Thomas (writer)
The Falls (Oates novel)	author	Joyce Carol Oates
A Causa das Coisas	author	Miguel Esteves Cardoso
Jo's Boys	author	Louisa May Alcott
Odeo	author	Evan Williams (entrepreneur)
Out of Time (McPhee novel)	author	Peter McPhee (author)
The Rescue (Conrad novel)	author	Joseph Conrad
Nightmare in Pink	author	John D. MacDonald
Salt (novel)	author	Adam Roberts (British writer)
The Forests of Silence	author	Jennifer Rowe
The Lake of Tears	author	Jennifer Rowe
Frost/Nixon (play)	author	Peter Morgan
Fashion Babylon	author	Imogen Edwards-Jones
A Body in the Bath House	author	Lindsey Davis
Enchanted Boy	author	Richie McMullen
The Egg Tree	author	Katherine Milhous
Indiana (novel)	author	George Sand
Dimsie Goes to School	author	Dorita Fairlie Bruce
The Fallible Fiend	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Dimsie Moves Up	author	Dorita Fairlie Bruce
Le Chevalier de Maison-Rouge	author	Alexandre Dumas
Gradisil	author	Adam Roberts (British writer)
Kill the Messenger (novel)	author	Tami Hoag
To Herat and Cabul, A Story of the First Afghan War	author	G. A. Henty
The Carved Lions	author	Mary Louisa Molesworth
Doctor De Soto	author	William Steig
26 Fairmount Avenue	author	Tomie dePaola
The Pirate (novel)	author	Walter Scott
Father of Lies	author	Brian Evenson
A Shade of Difference	author	Allen Drury
Capable of Honor	author	Allen Drury
Preserve and Protect	author	Allen Drury
The Transall Saga	author	Gary Paulsen
An Instinct for the Kill	author	Antonella Gambotto-Burke
Decline and Fall of the American Programmer	author	Edward Yourdon
Fortune's Favourites	author	Colleen McCullough
Camber the Heretic	author	Katherine Kurtz
Peony (novel)	author	Pearl S. Buck
The Bishop's Heir	author	Katherine Kurtz
The Toyminator	author	Robert Rankin
In the Line of Fire: A Memoir	author	Pervez Musharraf
Tome of Battle	author	Richard Baker (game designer)
Rio Rita (musical)	author	Guy Bolton
Rio Rita (musical)	author	Fred Thompson (writer)
Bridge of Souls	author	Fiona McIntosh
Myrren's Gift	author	Fiona McIntosh
The Runestaff	author	Michael Moorcock
Savage Inequalities	author	Jonathan Kozol
La Terre	author	Émile Zola
Traitor's Purse	author	Margery Allingham
Ishmael (Star Trek)	author	Barbara Hambly
The Sherwood Ring	author	Elizabeth Marie Pope
The Wonderful Flight to the Mushroom Planet	author	Eleanor Cameron
Stowaway to the Mushroom Planet	author	Eleanor Cameron
Imperial Woman	author	Pearl S. Buck
Furies of Calderon	author	Jim Butcher
When Darkness Falls	author	Mercedes Lackey
When Darkness Falls	author	James Mallory (author)
The King's Justice	author	Katherine Kurtz
Amaryllis Night and Day	author	Russell Hoban
A Woman of Substance	author	Barbara Taylor Bradford
The Practice of the Presence of God	author	Brother Lawrence
Let It Come Down (novel)	author	Paul Bowles
The Stones of Summer	author	Dow Mossman
Byte Beautiful: Eight Science Fiction Stories	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
Grave of the Fireflies (novel)	author	Akiyuki Nosaka
Scorpions (novel)	author	Walter Dean Myers
A Very Private Life (novel)	author	Michael Frayn
Vinland (novel)	author	George Mackay Brown
Eucalyptus (novel)	author	Murray Bail
Conviction (novel)	author	Richard North Patterson
Norwegian Electronic Health Library	author	The Norwegian Knowledge Centre for the Health Services
The Bull from the Sea	author	Mary Renault
Rise of a Hero	author	Hilari Bell
Omenuko	author	Pita Nwana
For a New Liberty	author	Murray Rothbard
Baby with the Bathwater	author	Christopher Durang
Love Medicine	author	Louise Erdrich
How Much for Just the Planet?	author	John M. Ford
Sender Unknown	author	Sallie Lowenstein
The Goose-Step (book)	author	Upton Sinclair
IUP (software)	author	Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro
IUP (software)	author	Petrobras
Machinima.com	author	Strange Company
Simpy	author	Otis Gospodnetic
Journey to the River Sea	author	Eva Ibbotson
The Devils of Loudun	author	Aldous Huxley
Electric Brae (novel)	author	Andrew Greig
Fledgling (novel)	author	Octavia E. Butler
The Lesson	author	Eugène Ionesco
Sacred Hunger	author	Barry Unsworth
Hungry Hill (novel)	author	Daphne du Maurier
Uma Deusa na Bruma	author	João Aguiar
Flying Daggers	author	Gu Long
A Card from Morocco	author	Robert Shaw (actor)
Hollywood Wives	author	Jackie Collins
Young Robin Hood	author	Cheryl Blakeney
Young Robin Hood	author	Mary Crawford
Young Robin Hood	author	Peter Landecker
Young Robin Hood	author	Alan Templeton
Young Robin Hood	author	Patrick Granleese
Young Robin Hood	author	Thor Bishopric
Short Eyes (play)	author	Miguel Piñero
The Conan Reader	author	L. Sprague de Camp
State of Denial: Bush at War, Part III	author	Bob Woodward
Magic (novel)	author	William Goldman
Draconian Measures	author	Don Perrin
Draconian Measures	author	Margaret Weis
The Machine's Child	author	Kage Baker
Wolves Eat Dogs	author	Martin Cruz Smith
On the Razzle (play)	author	Tom Stoppard
Uncle Silas	author	Sheridan Le Fanu
The Phoenix (novel)	author	Henning Boëtius
Plain Tales from the Hills	author	Rudyard Kipling
Things Not Seen	author	Andrew Clements
The Conan Grimoire	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Conan Grimoire	author	George H. Scithers
The Landry News	author	Andrew Clements
The Conan Swordbook	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Conan Swordbook	author	George H. Scithers
Smoky Night	author	Eve Bunting
Amazon (1999 TV series)	author	Alison Lea Bingeman
Amazon (1999 TV series)	author	Paul Aitken
Janissaries (novel)	author	Jerry Pournelle
Shadowplay	author	Tad Williams
Private Peaceful	author	Michael Morpurgo
Janissaries II: Clan and Crown	author	Jerry Pournelle
Janissaries II: Clan and Crown	author	Roland J. Green
Janissaries III: Storms of Victory	author	Jerry Pournelle
Janissaries III: Storms of Victory	author	Roland J. Green
The Lottie Project	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Rite: Short Work	author	Tad Williams
Only Forward	author	Michael Marshall Smith
Hamlet's Mill	author	Giorgio de Santillana
Hamlet's Mill	author	Hertha von Dechend
Larklight	author	Philip Reeve
Red Seas Under Red Skies	author	Scott Lynch
Owl Moon	author	Jane Yolen
Children of Orpheus	author	Hendrik Bulthuis
Toons For Our Times	author	Berkeley Breathed
Penguin Dreams and Stranger Things	author	Berkeley Breathed
Stormrider	author	David Gemmell
The Birds of Africa	author	C. Hilary Fry
The Birds of Africa	author	Stuart Keith
The Birds of Africa	author	Emil Urban
On the Track of Unknown Animals	author	Bernard Heuvelmans
Communion (book)	author	Whitley Strieber
Yes, Uncle!	author	Austen Hurgen
Yes, Uncle!	author	George Arthurs
The Shadow in the North	author	Philip Pullman
The Tiger in the Well	author	Philip Pullman
The Tin Princess	author	Philip Pullman
The Cone Gatherers	author	Robin Jenkins
Hardcore History	author	Scott E. Willams
The Adding Machine: Collected Essays	author	William S. Burroughs
Loose Tails	author	Berkeley Breathed
Blade Runner (a movie)	author	William S. Burroughs
Blade Runner (a movie)	author	The Bladerunner
Sam, Bangs and Moonshine	author	Evaline Ness
Going Up (musical)	author	Otto Harbach
May I Bring a Friend?	author	Beatrice Schenk de Regniers
Always Room for One More	author	Sorche Nic Leodhas
El Tigre: The Adventures of Manny Rivera	author	Scott Gimple
El Tigre: The Adventures of Manny Rivera	author	Doug Langdale
El Tigre: The Adventures of Manny Rivera	author	Jorge R. Gutierrez
Phoenix (novel)	author	Steven Brust
Taltos (Steven Brust novel)	author	Steven Brust
Orca (novel)	author	Steven Brust
Dragon (Steven Brust novel)	author	Steven Brust
Me'am Lo'ez	author	Yaakov Culi
Me'am Lo'ez	author	Yitzhak Magriso
Me'am Lo'ez	author	Yitzhak Bechor Agruiti
Me'am Lo'ez	author	Me'am Lo'ez#Authorship
Me'am Lo'ez	author	Raphael Chiyya Pontremoli
Issola	author	Steven Brust
Death of an Expert Witness	author	P. D. James
The Cat Inside	author	William S. Burroughs
Ghost of Chance	author	William S. Burroughs
The Wu-Tang Manual	author	RZA
Wringer (novel)	author	Jerry Spinelli
A Corner of the Universe	author	Ann M. Martin
Tortoise Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Sex in Video Games	author	Brenda Brathwaite
To-Night's the Night (musical)	author	Fred Thompson (writer)
Sten Adventures Book 2: The Wolf Worlds	author	Chris Bunch
Sten Adventures Book 2: The Wolf Worlds	author	Allan Cole
Sten Adventures Book 3: The Court of a Thousand Suns	author	Chris Bunch
Sten Adventures Book 3: The Court of a Thousand Suns	author	Allan Cole
Sten Adventures Book 4: Fleet of the Damned	author	Chris Bunch
Sten Adventures Book 4: Fleet of the Damned	author	Allan Cole
The Quest for Saint Camber	author	Katherine Kurtz
Hiawatha (web server)	author	Hugo Leisink
Darkwitch Rising	author	Sara Douglass
Gypsy Girl	author	Elizabeth Arnold (children's writer)
Gypsy Girl	author	Carol Noble
The Magic Christian (novel)	author	Terry Southern
Over My Dead Body (novel)	author	Rex Stout
The Queen's Fool	author	Philippa Gregory
ExtremeTech	author	Ziff Davis
Disney.com	author	The Walt Disney Company
Aaron's Way	author	Jeff Baron
Aaron's Way	author	William Blinn
Kentucky Ham	author	William S. Burroughs, Jr.
Hope Was Here	author	Joan Bauer (novelist)
Garfield At Large: His First Book	author	Jim Davis (cartoonist)
Flying Blind (novel)	author	Max Allan Collins
Betty (musical)	author	Frederick Lonsdale
Betty (musical)	author	Gladys Buchanan Unger
Endgame (Derrick Jensen books)	author	Derrick Jensen
The Anatomy of Dependence	author	Takeo Doi
Fake: Forgery, Lies, & eBay	author	Kenneth Walton (writer)
I Hate My Job	author	Andrea Levin
The Conspiracy Zone	author	Joe Bolster
The Conspiracy Zone	author	Tony DeSena
Hotlines	author	Scott Gurney
Hotlines	author	Matt Pizzolo
The Other Log of Phileas Fogg	author	Philip José Farmer
Man Descending	author	Guy Vanderhaeghe
The J Curve: A New Way to Understand Why Nations Rise and Fall	author	Ian Bremmer
The Beauty of Bath	author	Seymour Hicks
The Beauty of Bath	author	Cosmo Hamilton
The Book of Fate	author	Brad Meltzer
Gentleman Joe	author	Basil Hood
A Riddle of Roses	author	Caryl Cude Mullin
Fer-de-Lance (novel)	author	Rex Stout
Races of Destiny	author	David Noonan (game designer)
Races of Destiny	author	Aaron S. Rosenberg
Infidel (book)	author	Ayaan Hirsi Ali
Human Croquet	author	Kate Atkinson
Kiss of the Spider Woman (musical)	author	Terrence McNally
My Present Age	author	Guy Vanderhaeghe
San Andreas (novel)	author	Alistair MacLean
The Pink Panther in: Pink at First Sight	author	Owen Crump
The Pink Panther in: Pink at First Sight	author	D.W. Owen
Ancient Rome: The Rise and Fall of an Empire	author	Nick Murphy (television)
Wolf's Head, Wolf's Heart	author	Jane Lindskold
The Harrowing of Gwynedd	author	Katherine Kurtz
Ever Since Darwin	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Peter Pan in Scarlet	author	Geraldine McCaughrean
Just Ella	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Ultraviolet (novel)	author	Yvonne Navarro
That Summer (Greig novel)	author	Andrew Greig
Getting It (novel)	author	Alex Sánchez
The Magic Show	author	Robert Randall
Thirteen Bullets (novel)	author	David Wellington (author)
Man in the Holocene	author	Max Frisch
To Light a Candle	author	Mercedes Lackey
To Light a Candle	author	James Mallory (author)
The Return of John MacNab	author	Andrew Greig
When They Lay Bare	author	Andrew Greig
In Another Light	author	Andrew Greig
The Wish Giver	author	Bill Brittain
Sinner (novel)	author	Sara Douglass
Pilgrim (Sara Douglass novel)	author	Sara Douglass
RedRobe	author	Jon Courtenay Grimwood
King Javan's Year	author	Katherine Kurtz
The Years	author	Virginia Woolf
The Collected Stories of Vernor Vinge	author	Vernor Vinge
Crusader (Sara Douglass novel)	author	Sara Douglass
1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die	author	Steven Jay Schneider
Cythera (novel)	author	Richard Calder
The Sculptress	author	Minette Walters
The Runaway Bunny	author	Margaret Wise Brown
Mon Nationalism and Civil War in Burma	author	Ashley South
The Meanest Doll in the World	author	Ann M. Martin
The Meanest Doll in the World	author	Laura Godwin
A Dog's Life: The Autobiography of a Stray	author	Ann M. Martin
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Checkmate	author	David Michaels
Killer on the Road	author	James Ellroy
Eli Stone	author	Greg Berlanti
Eli Stone	author	Marc Guggenheim
The Boleyn Inheritance	author	Philippa Gregory
Leonardo's Mountain of Clams and the Diet of Worms	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Eight Lectures on Yoga	author	Aleister Crowley
Quicker Than the Eye	author	Ray Bradbury
Ghanada	author	Premendra Mitra
Dracula – Entre l'amour et la mort	author	Bruno Pelletier
Dracula – Entre l'amour et la mort	author	Richard Ouzounian
The Bastard Prince	author	Katherine Kurtz
Fly Away Peter	author	David Malouf
Princess Diana's Revenge	author	Michael de Larrabeiti
Those Who Walk in Darkness	author	John Ridley
Deathwatch (novel)	author	Robb White
Melting Stones	author	Tamora Pierce
Montada	author	Rimal
Victory Canteen	author	Milt Larsen
Victory Canteen	author	Bobby Lauher
An Introduction to Old Norse	author	E. V. Gordon
Beside Still Waters	author	Gregg Easterbrook
King Kelson's Bride	author	Katherine Kurtz
Clade (novel)	author	Mark Budz
The Castle of Perseverance	author	Anonymous work
Manchester Slingback	author	Nicholas Blincoe
Creationism's Trojan Horse	author	Barbara Forrest
Creationism's Trojan Horse	author	Paul R. Gross
Kaaterskill Falls (novel)	author	Allegra Goodman
Undaunted Courage	author	Stephen E. Ambrose
CollectSPACE	author	Robert Pearlman
Culture Warrior	author	Bill O'Reilly (political commentator)
A Day in Hollywood / A Night in the Ukraine	author	Dick Vosburgh
Starter for Ten (novel)	author	David Nicholls (writer)
I Have Landed	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Watt (novel)	author	Samuel Beckett
The Line of Polity	author	Neal Asher
Polity Agent	author	Neal Asher
Angel Rock	author	Darren Williams (author)
The Lying Stones of Marrakech	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Kleinzeit	author	Russell Hoban
Put Out More Flags	author	Evelyn Waugh
Mercier and Camier	author	Samuel Beckett
The Young Lawyers	author	Harlan Ellison
The Inheritance of Loss	author	Kiran Desai
The Valley of Bones	author	Anthony Powell
The Vivisector	author	Patrick White
Cool Million	author	Larry Cohen
The Skinner	author	Neal Asher
Wolfskin	author	Juliet Marillier
John Macnab	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
Celeste (Gemini series)	author	V. C. Andrews
The Village by the Sea	author	Anita Desai
Voyage to Faremido	author	Frigyes Karinthy
Prisoner's Base	author	Rex Stout
What Color is Your Parachute?	author	Richard Nelson Bolles
The Enchanter Completed: A Tribute Anthology for L. Sprague de Camp	author	Harry Turtledove
The Constitution of Liberty	author	Friedrich Hayek
Restoration (Tremain novel)	author	Rose Tremain
The Road	author	Cormac McCarthy
Aliens vs. Predator (novel series)	author	Steve Perry (author)
Aliens vs. Predator (novel series)	author	S. D. Perry
Aliens vs. Predator (novel series)	author	David Bischoff
The Moth Diaries	author	Rachel Klein
The Making of the Atomic Bomb	author	Richard Rhodes
In the King's Service	author	Katherine Kurtz
The Lion	author	Joseph Kessel
Childe Morgan	author	Katherine Kurtz
The Voyage of QV66	author	Penelope Lively
Inferno (Strindberg)	author	August Strindberg
The Law of Dreams	author	Peter Behrens (writer)
Books Do Furnish a Room	author	Anthony Powell
A Christmas Memory	author	Truman Capote
The Venus of Konpara	author	John Masters
The Hitchhiker's Guide to Lean	author	Jamie Flinchbaugh
The Hitchhiker's Guide to Lean	author	Andy Carlino
The Hitchhiker's Guide to Lean	author	Dennis Pawley
The Brief History of the Dead	author	Kevin Brockmeier
The Female Brain (book)	author	Louann Brizendine
Mental Radio	author	Upton Sinclair
The Gregory Hines Show	author	Michael Carrington (voice actor)
The Gregory Hines Show	author	Michael Feldman (writer)
The Gregory Hines Show	author	Ali LeRoi
The Gregory Hines Show	author	Alex Reid (screenwriter)
The Gregory Hines Show	author	Kriss Turner
Dark Wraith of Shannara	author	Robert Place Napton
Dark Wraith of Shannara	author	Terry Brooks
The Illustrated Mum	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Wolfcry	author	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
Ernest Hemingway: The Collected Stories	author	Ernest Hemingway
Ernest Hemingway: The Collected Stories	author	James Fenton
The Composer Is Dead	author	Lemony Snicket
The Composer Is Dead	author	Nathaniel Stookey
Rocks of Ages	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Evolution: A Theory in Crisis	author	Michael Denton
Encyclopedia of Unusual Sex Practices	author	Brenda Love
The Man-Eater of Malgudi	author	R. K. Narayan
Banker to the Poor	author	Muhammad Yunus
Banker to the Poor	author	Alan Jolis
The Anomalies	author	Joey Goebel
The White Castle	author	Orhan Pamuk
Torture the Artist	author	Joey Goebel
Nothing But Blue Skies	author	Tom Holt
The Octette Bridge Club	author	P.J. Barry
Jelly's Last Jam	author	George C. Wolfe
Tempting Faith: An Inside Story of Political Seduction	author	David Kuo (author)
Questioning the Millennium	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Night and Day (Woolf novel)	author	Virginia Woolf
The Hothouse	author	Harold Pinter
Venus in Furs	author	Leopold von Sacher-Masoch
Crimes of War	author	Roy Gutman
Crimes of War	author	David Rieff
Reminiscences of a Stock Operator	author	Edwin Lefèvre
As Is (play)	author	William M. Hoffman
A Bad Case of Stripes	author	David Shannon
Controversy Creates Cash	author	Eric Bischoff
Black Water (novella)	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The FairTax Book	author	Neal Boortz
The FairTax Book	author	John Linder
In Search of Schrödinger's Cat	author	John Gribbin
Venus in Copper	author	Lindsey Davis
Darwinism, Design and Public Education	author	John Angus Campbell
Darwinism, Design and Public Education	author	Stephen C. Meyer
Thrill Me	author	Stephen Dolginoff
Monday Mourning	author	Kathy Reichs
Little Talent Show	author	Howard Kuperberg
Little Talent Show	author	Opus Moreschi
Chaos: Making a New Science	author	James Gleick
Castles of Steel	author	Robert K. Massie
Gambit (novel)	author	Rex Stout
Roald Dahl: Collected Stories	author	Roald Dahl
Roald Dahl: Collected Stories	author	Jeremy Treglown
Glasshouse (novel)	author	Charles Stross
Deathswitch	author	David Eagleman
Soulless: Ann Coulter and the Right-Wing Church of Hate	author	Susan Estrich
Under the Skin (novel)	author	Michel Faber
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang (musical)	author	Jeremy Sams
Alcoa Theatre	author	Leonard Freeman
Alcoa Theatre	author	Ruth McKenney
Alcoa Theatre	author	Stirling Silliphant
A History of Pi	author	Petr Beckmann
La Viuda de Blanco	author	Patricia Cuba
La Viuda de Blanco	author	Jenny Suarez
River (novel)	author	Skyla Dawn Cameron
Two Fables	author	Roald Dahl
It's a Miracle (TV series)	author	Jule Gilfillan
It's a Miracle (TV series)	author	Chris Pechin
Quick Blog	author	Go Daddy
The Audacity of Hope	author	Barack Obama
Psychological Types	author	Carl Jung
Millicent Min, Girl Genius	author	Lisa Yee
Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid	author	Lemony Snicket
The Tesseract (novel)	author	Alex Garland
The Blade of Conan	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Spell of Conan	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Dark Forces (book)	author	Kirby McCauley
Hades' Daughter	author	Sara Douglass
Sing to the Dawn	author	Minfong Ho
The Andalite's Gift (Megamorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Price of the Ticket	author	James Baldwin
In the Time of Dinosaurs	author	K. A. Applegate
Memories with Food at Gipsy House	author	Roald Dahl
My Year	author	Roald Dahl
Rhyme Stew	author	Roald Dahl
Sometime Never: A Fable for Supermen	author	Roald Dahl
Icerigger	author	Alan Dean Foster
Iraq Study Group Report	author	James Baker
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Lee H. Hamilton
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Lawrence Eagleburger
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Vernon Jordan
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Edwin Meese
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Sandra Day O'Connor
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Leon Panetta
Iraq Study Group Report	author	William Perry
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Chuck Robb
Iraq Study Group Report	author	Alan K. Simpson
Body of Evidence (novel)	author	Patricia Cornwell
All That Remains (novel)	author	Patricia Cornwell
Cruel and Unusual (novel)	author	Patricia Cornwell
The Body Farm (novel)	author	Patricia Cornwell
From Potter's Field (novel)	author	Patricia Cornwell
Cause of Death (novel)	author	Patricia Cornwell
Hornet's Nest (novel)	author	Patricia Cornwell
Unnatural Exposure (novel)	author	Patricia Cornwell
The Jade Trilogy	author	Noriko Ogiwara
The American Diary of a Japanese Girl	author	Yone Noguchi
Irretrievable	author	Theodor Fontane
Legally Blonde (musical)	author	Heather Hach
Marco Polo (TV miniseries)	author	David Butler (screenwriter)
Marco Polo (TV miniseries)	author	Vincenzo Labella
Marco Polo (TV miniseries)	author	Giuliano Montaldo
Children of a Lesser God (play)	author	Mark Medoff
Elfangor's Secret (Megamorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Soulforge	author	Margaret Weis
The Wild Irish Girl	author	Lady Morgan
Back to Before (Megamorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Betrothed (1825 novel)	author	Walter Scott
The First Journey (Alternamorphs)	author	Ghostwriter
The Next Passage (Alternamorphs)	author	Ghostwriter
The Titan's Curse	author	Rick Riordan
Black Saddle	author	Richard Levinson
Black Saddle	author	William Link
Forever Young: Cory Quirino's Guide to Beauty & Fitness	author	Cory Quirino
The Great Fetish	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Forever Young: Cory Quirino's Guide to Beauty and Wellness	author	Cory Quirino
Immodest Proposals	author	William Tenn
My ABCs of Beauty and Wellness	author	Cory Quirino
Ladies Almanack	author	Djuna Barnes
Crazy Therapies (book)	author	Margaret Singer
Crazy Therapies (book)	author	Janja Lalich
Captive Hearts, Captive Minds	author	Madeleine Landau Tobias
Captive Hearts, Captive Minds	author	Janja Lalich
Captive Hearts, Captive Minds	author	Michael Langone
The Master of Hestviken	author	Sigrid Undset
Bounded Choice	author	Janja Lalich
The Color Purple (musical)	author	Marsha Norman
The Politically Incorrect Guide to American History	author	Thomas Woods
Billy and the Boingers Bootleg	author	Berkeley Breathed
Mr. Tall	author	Roger Hargreaves
Combatting Cult Mind Control	author	Steven Hassan
The Price of Privilege	author	Madeline Levine
The Twelve Little Cakes	author	Dominika Dery
The Glass Inferno	author	Thomas N. Scortia
The Glass Inferno	author	Frank M. Robinson
Doppelganger (novel)	author	Marie Brennan
Glory Days (TV series)	author	Elizabeth Craft and Sarah Fain
Glory Days (TV series)	author	Kevin Williamson
Blueberries for Sal	author	Robert McCloskey
Jovah's Angel	author	Sharon Shinn
The Truth-Teller's Tale	author	Sharon Shinn
The Alleluia Files	author	Sharon Shinn
Angel-Seeker	author	Sharon Shinn
The Hockey Book for Girls	author	Stacy Wilson
The Yiddish Policemen's Union	author	Michael Chabon
The Oxford Murders (novel)	author	Guillermo Martínez
Damian and the Dragon: Modern Greek Folk-Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Bad Blood (Lorna Sage)	author	Lorna Sage
Spring Awakening	author	Steven Sater
Swords and Sorcery	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Spell of Seven	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Force 10 From Navarone	author	Alistair MacLean
Thoroughly Modern Millie (musical)	author	Richard Morris
Thoroughly Modern Millie (musical)	author	Dick Scanlan
The Rez Sisters	author	Tomson Highway
More Tomorrow & Other Stories	author	Michael Marshall Smith
Off the Main Sequence	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Pit (novel)	author	Frank Norris
Danny and the Dinosaur	author	Syd Hoff
The Fantastic Swordsmen	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Warlocks and Warriors	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Space Viking	author	H. Beam Piper
The Discoverers	author	Daniel J. Boorstin
The Wounded Land	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
The One Tree	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
White Gold Wielder	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Water (novel)	author	Bapsi Sidhwa
Prayer for a Child	author	Rachel Field
Eldritch Wizardry	author	Gary Gygax
Eldritch Wizardry	author	Brian Blume
IWoz	author	Steve Wozniak
Out of Africa	author	Karen Blixen
Aliens: Earth Hive	author	Steve Perry (author)
With Every Mistake	author	Gwynne Dyer
Mad White Giant	author	Benedict Allen
None But Lucifer	author	H. L. Gold
None But Lucifer	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Zündels Abgang	author	Markus Werner
John Henry Days	author	Colson Whitehead
Zombie (novel)	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Déjà Dead	author	Kathy Reichs
Death du Jour (novel)	author	Kathy Reichs
Golem (book)	author	David Wisniewski
Arrow to the Sun	author	Gerald McDermott
Treasure of Khan	author	Clive Cussler
Thumbsucker (novel)	author	Walter Kirn
The Creators	author	Daniel J. Boorstin
Deadly Decisions	author	Kathy Reichs
Expecting Someone Taller	author	Tom Holt
Who's Afraid of Beowulf?	author	Tom Holt
Dorsai!	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Harold and the Purple Crayon	author	Crockett Johnson
Bloom County Babylon	author	Berkeley Breathed
A House Like a Lotus	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Nightjohn	author	Gary Paulsen
Treasure Box	author	Orson Scott Card
Md5deep	author	Jesse Kornblum
The Echo Maker	author	Richard Powers
Take a Girl Like You	author	Kingsley Amis
Dumb Luck (novel)	author	Vu Trong Phung
The Time of Our Singing	author	Richard Powers
It's Halloween	author	Jack Prelutsky
Slowness (novel)	author	Milan Kundera
Here Comes the Sun (novel)	author	Tom Holt
Dragons of the Dwarven Depths	author	Tracy Hickman
Dragons of the Dwarven Depths	author	Margaret Weis
Giant Phantom Monster Agon	author	Shinichi Sekizawa
Giant Phantom Monster Agon	author	Kôzô Uchida
Lord Kalvan of Otherwhen	author	H. Beam Piper
Dr. DivX	author	DivX, Inc.
Dr. DivX  OSS for Mac OS X   1	author	DivX, Inc.
The Enchanter Reborn	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Enchanter Reborn	author	Christopher Stasheff
The Hedgehog, the Fox, and the Magister's Pox	author	Stephen Jay Gould
Time of our Darkness	author	Stephen Gray (writer)
T zero	author	Italo Calvino
Tovarich (musical)	author	David Shaw (screenwriter)
Uncommon Dissent	author	William A. Dembski
The Exotic Enchanter	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Exotic Enchanter	author	Christopher Stasheff
A Trip to Chinatown	author	Charles Hale Hoyt
The Maze (2004)	author	Panos Karnezis
The City of Ravens	author	Richard Baker (game designer)
Brain (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Endymion (Simmons novel)	author	Dan Simmons
Sharpe's Escape	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Survivors of the Chancellor	author	Jules Verne
Your Arms Too Short to Box with God	author	Vinnette Justine Carroll
A Girl Named Disaster	author	Nancy Farmer
The Seekers (book)	author	Daniel J. Boorstin
A Minute with Stan Hooper	author	Norm Macdonald
A Minute with Stan Hooper	author	Barry Kemp (TV producer)
The Richard Boone Show	author	Harry Julian Fink
The Richard Boone Show	author	Clifford Odets
The Richard Boone Show	author	John Haase
The Richard Boone Show	author	Dale Wasserman
Thunder Oak	author	Garry Kilworth
Tales Too Ticklish to Tell	author	Berkeley Breathed
He's a Bully, Charlie Brown	author	Charles M. Schulz
He's a Bully, Charlie Brown	author	Justine Fontes
The Compleat Enchanter	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Compleat Enchanter	author	Fletcher Pratt
War of the Twins	author	Margaret Weis
War of the Twins	author	Tracy Hickman
Time for a Tiger	author	Anthony Burgess
Finding Darwin's God	author	Kenneth R. Miller
Selby's Secret	author	Duncan Ball
Haters (novel)	author	Alisa Valdes-Rodriguez
On Beauty	author	Zadie Smith
The Green Berets (book)	author	Robin Moore
The New Biographical Dictionary of Film	author	David Thomson (film critic)
JQuery	author	John Resig
The Woolgatherer	author	William Mastrosimone
The Stars are Ours!	author	Andre Norton
The Complete Compleat Enchanter	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Complete Compleat Enchanter	author	Fletcher Pratt
A Fortunate Life	author	Albert Facey
American Appetites	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Lenin (novel)	author	Alan Brien
Jeremy Thatcher, Dragon Hatcher	author	Bruce Coville
Guts: The True Stories Behind Hatchet and the Brian Books	author	Gary Paulsen
Webkinz	author	Ganz (toy company)
House of Flowers (musical)	author	Truman Capote
Yavana Rani	author	Sandilyan
Killer in the Rain	author	Raymond Chandler
Fever 1793	author	Laurie Halse Anderson
Sid!	author	Sid Hartman
Heart Full of Soul: An Inspirational Memoir About Finding Your Voice and Finding Your Way	author	Taylor Hicks
Book of Sketches	author	Jack Kerouac
A Far Sunset	author	Edmund Cooper
Darkly Dreaming Dexter	author	Jeff Lindsay (writer)
The Doomsters	author	Ross Macdonald
One Hand Clapping (novel)	author	Anthony Burgess
Through Violet Eyes	author	Stephen Woodworth
With Red Hands	author	Stephen Woodworth
In Golden Blood	author	Stephen Woodworth
From Black Rooms	author	Stephen Woodworth
I Am a Barbarian	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Carrie (musical)	author	Lawrence D. Cohen
Wigfield	author	Amy Sedaris
Wigfield	author	Paul Dinello
Wigfield	author	Stephen Colbert
Complete Mage	author	Skip Williams
Live from Golgotha: The Gospel according to Gore Vidal	author	Gore Vidal
The Night of the Mary Kay Commandos	author	Berkeley Breathed
Confessions of a Yakuza	author	Junichi Saga
Never Too Young	author	Ron Sproat
The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game	author	Michael Lewis (author)
Katrina (novel)	author	Sally Salminen
Family Without a Name	author	Jules Verne
Leonardo da Vinci: Flights of the Mind	author	Charles Nicholl (author)
The First Intimate Contact	author	Tsai Jhi-hsin
Founding Brothers: The Revolutionary Generation	author	Joseph Ellis
Ruby Holler	author	Sharon Creech
The Pinhoe Egg	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Tracks (novel)	author	Louise Erdrich
Tea with the Black Dragon	author	R. A. MacAvoy
San Sombrèro	author	Tom Gleisner
San Sombrèro	author	Santo Cilauro
San Sombrèro	author	Rob Sitch
Kabataan Habambuhay: Ang Gabay ni Cory Quirino tungo sa Kagandahan at Kalusugan	author	Cory Quirino
Nintendo World Report	author	Billy Berghammer
The Fabulous Clipjoint	author	Fredric Brown
The Physics of Star Trek	author	Lawrence M. Krauss
The Little White Horse	author	Elizabeth Goudge
Clea (novel)	author	Lawrence Durrell
Mr. Novak	author	John D. F. Black
Mr. Novak	author	Meyer Dolinsky
Mr. Novak	author	Carol Sobieski
News Lab	author	News Digital Media
The Phantom Blooper	author	Gustav Hasford
A Year at the Movies: One Man's Filmgoing Odyssey	author	Kevin Murphy (actor)
Prince of Ayodhya	author	Ashok Banker
Sugar (musical)	author	Peter Stone
Billy (musical)	author	Dick Clement
Billy (musical)	author	Ian La Frenais
The Wealthy Barber	author	David Barr Chilton
A Traveler from Altruria	author	William Dean Howells
Coke Time with Eddie Fisher	author	Gordon Auchincloss
Tales of the 77th Bengal Lancers	author	Jennings Cobb
Tales of the 77th Bengal Lancers	author	John O'Dea
Tales of the 77th Bengal Lancers	author	Douglas Heyes
In Praise of Shadows	author	Jun'ichirō Tanizaki
Ford Star Jubilee	author	Maxwell Anderson
Ford Star Jubilee	author	Robert Buckner
Ford Star Jubilee	author	Noël Coward
Ford Star Jubilee	author	Ben Hecht
Ford Star Jubilee	author	John Hersey
Ford Star Jubilee	author	Charles MacArthur
Ford Star Jubilee	author	John Cherry Monks, Jr.
Ford Star Jubilee	author	Denis Sanders
Ford Star Jubilee	author	Franklin J. Schaffner
Ford Star Jubilee	author	John Tackaberry
Ford Star Jubilee	author	Herman Wouk
Invitation to the Castle	author	Jean Anouilh
Black Hearts in Battersea	author	Joan Aiken
December Bride	author	Bob Schiller
The West Point Story (TV series)	author	Gene Roddenberry
The West Point Story (TV series)	author	Don Brinkley
The Deerslayer	author	James Fenimore Cooper
Does My Head Look Big in This?	author	Randa Abdel-Fattah
Ten Things I Hate About Me	author	Randa Abdel-Fattah
Suprnova.org	author	Andrej Preston
Eight Hundred Leagues on the Amazon	author	Jules Verne
North and South (trilogy)	author	John Jakes
North and South (trilogy)  Love and War   1	author	John Jakes
North and South (trilogy)  Heaven and Hell   1	author	John Jakes
War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning	author	Chris Hedges
Hawk of May	author	Gillian Bradshaw
Kingdom of Summer	author	Gillian Bradshaw
In Winter's Shadow	author	Gillian Bradshaw
Phenom (TV series)	author	Danny Kallis
Phenom (TV series)	author	Frank Mula
Phenom (TV series)	author	Sam Simon
Phenom (TV series)	author	Jon Vitti
Pomes Penyeach	author	James Joyce
The Stripping of the Altars	author	Eamon Duffy
Da (play)	author	Hugh Leonard
The Abortion: An Historical Romance 1966	author	Richard Brautigan
The Unpleasant Profession of Jonathan Hoag (collection)	author	Robert A. Heinlein
The Fashion in Shrouds	author	Margery Allingham
The Last Mystery of Edgar Allan Poe: The Troy Dossier	author	Manny Meyers
Space Apprentice	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
The Third Mind	author	William S. Burroughs
The Third Mind	author	Brion Gysin
The Haunted Bridge	author	Carolyn Keene
Never Gonna Dance	author	Jeffrey Hatcher
Gideon the Cutpurse	author	Linda Buckley-Archer
The Moomins (TV series)	author	Maria Kossakowska
The Moomins (TV series)	author	Lucjan Dębiński
The Year of the Quiet Sun (novel)	author	Wilson Tucker
My Brother Jack	author	George Johnston (novelist)
Ktsarim	author	Guy Ben Haim
Ktsarim	author	Shay Michelson
Ktsarim	author	Shmulik Levy
Ktsarim	author	Omri Marcus
Ktsarim	author	Keren Mor
Sea of Glass	author	Barry B. Longyear
Sucks Less with Kevin Smith	author	Kevin Smith
The Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract	author	Bill James
The Paul Lynde Halloween Special	author	Bruce Vilanch
The Paul Lynde Halloween Special	author	Ronny Graham
Your Own Thing	author	Donald Driver (director)
The Lost Generation (book)	author	David Tremayne
Strange Interlude	author	Eugene O'Neill
The Wizard of the Emerald City	author	Alexander Melentyevich Volkov
Yahoo! Time Capsule	author	Jonathan Harris (artist)
The House with the Green Shutters	author	George Douglas Brown
Dance with Me (musical)	author	Greg Antonacci
Blood Knot	author	Athol Fugard
The Jonathan Winters Show (1956 TV series)	author	Jack Douglas (writer)
The Jonathan Winters Show (1956 TV series)	author	Jonathan Winters
Generation of Swine	author	Hunter S. Thompson
Faber Book of Irish Verse	author	John Montague (poet)
Come as You Are: The Story of Nirvana	author	Michael Azerrad
Awake and Dreaming	author	Kit Pearson
Chamber Music (book)	author	James Joyce
The Right Attitude to Rain	author	Alexander McCall Smith
The Queen and I (novel)	author	Sue Townsend
Rescuing Da Vinci	author	Robert M. Edsel
The Atom Station	author	Halldór Laxness
River of Blue Fire	author	Tad Williams
Mountain of Black Glass	author	Tad Williams
Sea of Silver Light	author	Tad Williams
The Cobra Event	author	Richard Preston
Middle Passage (novel)	author	Charles R. Johnson
Bug (play)	author	Tracy Letts
Measuring the World	author	Daniel Kehlmann
The Tin Flute	author	Gabrielle Roy
Stories from the English and Scottish Ballads	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Benefits.Gov	author	United States Department of Labor
Stormwrack	author	Richard Baker (game designer)
Benny Shaw	author	Eoin Colfer
Benny Shaw  Benny and Babe   1	author	Eoin Colfer
The Death of Artemio Cruz	author	Carlos Fuentes
Peeps (novel)	author	Scott Westerfeld
Cool Gardens	author	Serj Tankian
Game Over (book)	author	David Sheff
The Cellar (novel)	author	Richard Laymon
Blood and Roses (Helen Castor)	author	Helen Castor
Lieutenant Gullivar Jones: His Vacation	author	Edwin Lester Arnold
Ethel and Ernest	author	Raymond Briggs
Business is business	author	Octave Mirbeau
Harmful Intent (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Vital Signs (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Blindsight (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Are Men Necessary? When Sexes Collide	author	Maureen Dowd
Dead Famous (novel)	author	Ben Elton
Red Earth, White Earth (novel)	author	Will Weaver
Gossamer (novel)	author	Lois Lowry
Clear Body, Clear Mind	author	L. Ron Hubbard
What My Mother Doesn't Know	author	Sonya Sones
Bloodletting & Miraculous Cures	author	Vincent Lam
Shibaraku	author	Ichikawa Danjūrō
Anastasia Again!	author	Lois Lowry
Anastasia at Your Service	author	Lois Lowry
Anastasia, Ask Your Analyst	author	Lois Lowry
Anastasia on Her Own	author	Lois Lowry
Anastasia Absolutely	author	Lois Lowry
Fatal Cure (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
The Artist's Way	author	Julia Cameron
The Musical of Musicals (The Musical!)	author	Joanne Bogart
The Musical of Musicals (The Musical!)	author	Eric Rockwell
Acceptable Risk (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Seizure (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
The Report Card	author	Andrew Clements
The Courts of the Morning	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
Up for Grabs (play)	author	David Williamson
Jawbreaker: The attack on bin Laden and al-Qaeda	author	Gary Berntsen
Jawbreaker: The attack on bin Laden and al-Qaeda	author	Ralph Pezzullo
A Year at the Top	author	Woody Kling
The Royal Family (novel)	author	William T. Vollmann
The Atlas (novel)	author	William T. Vollmann
The Ice-Shirt	author	William T. Vollmann
In the Heat of the Night (novel)	author	John Ball (author)
The Rifles (novel)	author	William T. Vollmann
Orphans of Chaos	author	John C. Wright (author)
The Art of Being Nick	author	Bruce Helford
Frostbite (novel)	author	David Wellington (author)
Hammered (novel)	author	Elizabeth Bear
Growing Pains (book)	author	Billie Piper
The Kalahari Typing School for Men	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Terrier (novel)	author	Tamora Pierce
The Elves of Cintra	author	Terry Brooks
So Much to Tell You	author	John Marsden (writer)
The Diary of Anne Frank (play)	author	Frances Goodrich
The Diary of Anne Frank (play)	author	Albert Hackett
Kingdom of the Golden Dragon	author	Isabel Allende
Agent of Vega	author	James H. Schmitz
Last Flight (book)	author	Amelia Earhart
Last Flight (book)	author	George Palmer Putnam
A Rebel in Time	author	Harry Harrison
Prester John (novel)	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
The Power-House	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
The House of the Four Winds	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
The Dancing Floor	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
Icefire (2003 novel)	author	Chris d'Lacey
The Gap in the Curtain	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
María la del Barrio	author	Carlos Romero
The Sea of Monsters	author	Rick Riordan
Today is Tonight	author	Jean Harlow
Ninth Key	author	Meg Cabot
The Penguin Guide to Jazz	author	Richard Cook
The Penguin Guide to Jazz	author	Brian Morton (Scottish writer)
Reunion (The Mediator)	author	Meg Cabot
The Book of Bond	author	Kingsley Amis
Moreta: Dragonlady of Pern	author	Anne McCaffrey
Dragonsdawn	author	Anne McCaffrey
The Memory Keeper's Daughter	author	Kim Edwards
Renegades of Pern	author	Anne McCaffrey
The Chronicles of Pern: First Fall	author	Anne McCaffrey
The Art of Loving	author	Erich Fromm
Tolkien's Legendarium	author	Verlyn Flieger
Tolkien's Legendarium	author	Elvish Linguistic Fellowship
Brother in the Land	author	Robert Swindells
The Farming of Bones	author	Edwidge Danticat
Eye on Crime	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Wormwood (G. P. Taylor)	author	Graham Taylor (author)
ConservativeHome	author	Tim Montgomerie
20 Hrs., 40 Min.	author	Amelia Earhart
The Fun of It	author	Amelia Earhart
The Final Key	author	Catherine Asaro
The God Machine (1968 novel)	author	Martin Caidin
A Barrel of Laughs, a Vale of Tears	author	Jules Feiffer
My Side of the Mountain	author	Jean Craighead George
Beyond the Chocolate War	author	Robert Cormier
The Flying Inn	author	G. K. Chesterton
The Meme Machine	author	Susan Blackmore
La Joie de vivre	author	Émile Zola
Tales Beyond Time	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Tales Beyond Time	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
City of the Chasch	author	Jack Vance
3000 Years of Fantasy and Science Fiction	author	L. Sprague de Camp
3000 Years of Fantasy and Science Fiction	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
Servants of the Wankh	author	Jack Vance
The Dirdir	author	Jack Vance
The Pnume	author	Jack Vance
Stopping at Slowyear	author	Frederik Pohl
Lavender and Old Lace	author	Myrtle Reed
Old Rose and Silver	author	Myrtle Reed
Once Upon an Island	author	David Conover
Mothers and Sons	author	Colm Tóibín
The Search for the Snow Leopard	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Capricornia (novel)	author	Xavier Herbert
Falling Man (novel)	author	Don DeLillo
Twelve Red Herrings	author	Jeffrey Archer
The Ides of March (novel)	author	Thornton Wilder
Almanac of the Dead	author	Leslie Marmon Silko
Autumn Street	author	Lois Lowry
Dublin: Foundation	author	Edward Rutherfurd
The Chaser Annual	author	The Chaser
L. Ron Hubbard, Messiah or Madman?	author	Bent Corydon
L. Ron Hubbard, Messiah or Madman?	author	Ronald DeWolf
Imre: A Memorandum	author	Edward Irenaeus Prime-Stevenson
Rudin	author	Ivan Turgenev
Burger's Daughter	author	Nadine Gordimer
Times Square Red, Times Square Blue	author	Samuel R. Delany
Zoya (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Meridian (novel)	author	Alice Walker
If I Did It	author	O. J. Simpson
If I Did It	author	Pablo Fenjves
If I Did It	author	Dominick Dunne
A Little Raw on Monday Mornings	author	Robert Cormier
Asleep (novel)	author	Banana Yoshimoto
The Right-Hand Man	author	K. M. Peyton
The Summer Garden	author	Paullina Simons
Going Home (novel)	author	K. M. Peyton
Roughnecks (TV series)	author	Kieran Prendiville
Roughnecks (TV series)	author	Bryan Elsley
Woman of the Year (musical)	author	Peter Stone
The Kouga Ninja Scrolls	author	Futaro Yamada
Titanic: The Long Night	author	Diane Hoh
Titanic: The Long Night  Remembering the Titanic   1	author	Diane Hoh
Goodbye Tsugumi	author	Banana Yoshimoto
NP (novel)	author	Banana Yoshimoto
Amrita (novel)	author	Banana Yoshimoto
Curse of the Blue Tattoo	author	L.A. Meyer
The Dinah Shore Show	author	Charles Isaacs
Hondo (TV series)	author	James Edward Grant
Hondo (TV series)	author	Louis L'Amour
Aunt Jane's Nieces	author	L. Frank Baum
OpenLayers	author	MetaCarta
Ballroom (musical)	author	Jerome Kass
Moe Howard and the Three Stooges	author	Moe Howard
Annie Warbucks	author	Thomas Meehan
Curly: An Illustrated Biography of the Superstooge	author	Joan Howard Maurer
The Biggest Bear	author	Lynd Ward
Thought Reform and the Psychology of Totalism	author	Robert Jay Lifton
Thought Reform and the Psychology of Totalism	author	Doctor of Medicine
The Periodic Table (book)	author	Primo Levi
The Devil and the Good Lord	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
A Masculine Ending	author	Joan Smith
The Phantom Ship	author	Frederick Marryat
They're Playing Our Song	author	Neil Simon
A Midsummer Tempest	author	Poul Anderson
The Doctor is Sick	author	Anthony Burgess
How the García Girls Lost Their Accents	author	Julia Alvarez
Hidden Passions	author	Tabitha Lenox
The Journey of Man: A Genetic Odyssey	author	Spencer Wells
The Civil War (musical)	author	Frank Wildhorn
When Religion Becomes Evil	author	Charles D. Kimball
The October Horse	author	Colleen McCullough
Mary Reilly (novel)	author	Valerie Martin
Two for the Lions	author	Lindsey Davis
The Emigrants (novels)	author	Vilhelm Moberg
The Emigrants (Swedish novel)	author	Vilhelm Moberg
Unto a Good Land	author	Vilhelm Moberg
The Settlers (novel)	author	Vilhelm Moberg
The Last Letter Home	author	Vilhelm Moberg
You Must Remember This	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Talley's Folly	author	Lanford Wilson
Magnum Crimen	author	Viktor Novak
The Moon by Night	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Labyrinth of Reflections	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
The Lay of the Land	author	Richard Ford
A Pattern of Roses	author	K. M. Peyton
Alaler Gharer Dulal	author	Peary Chand Mitra
Needle in the Groove	author	Jeff Noon
The Chinese Agent	author	Michael Moorcock
Casi se muere	author	TPR Storytelling
The Little Mermaid (musical)	author	Doug Wright
Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch Stole Christmas! (musical)	author	Timothy Mason
The Young Unicorns	author	Madeleine L'Engle
This Town Will Never Let Us Go	author	Lawrence Miles
People Might Hear You	author	Robin Klein
Conky (software)	author	Brenden Matthews
Suite française (Irène Némirovsky)	author	Irène Némirovsky
Talk Talk (novel)	author	T. Coraghessan Boyle
Mogadishu Avenue	author	Jari Tervo
Kingdoms in Conflict	author	Charles Colson
The Penguin Guide to Blues Recordings	author	Tony Russell
The Antipope	author	Robert Rankin
AD/BC: A Rock Opera	author	Richard Ayoade
AD/BC: A Rock Opera	author	Matt Berry
Digging to America	author	Anne Tyler
Saint Maybe	author	Anne Tyler
Birdz	author	Bruce Clark
Birdz	author	Kim Thompson (television)
Fat Pig	author	Neil LaBute
Corsair (novel)	author	Chris Bunch
Frankenstein, or The Vampire's Victim	author	Richard Butler (author)
Frankenstein, or The Vampire's Victim	author	Henry Chance Newton
American Fairy Tales	author	L. Frank Baum
Bradbury Stories: 100 of His Most Celebrated Tales	author	Ray Bradbury
Silent to the Bone	author	E. L. Konigsburg
Sharpe's Revenge (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
Sleuth (play)	author	Anthony Shaffer
Eldorado (novel)	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Romantic Comedy (play)	author	Bernard Slade
Baldur's Gate 2: The Shadows of Amn	author	Philip Athans
A Sound Like Someone Trying Not to Make a Sound	author	John Irving
Buck Rogers: A Life in the Future	author	Martin Caidin
Buck Rogers: A Life in the Future	author	Philip Francis Nowlan
Warlords of Utopia	author	Lance Parkin
The Tap Dance Kid	author	Charles Blackwell
Foxmask	author	Juliet Marillier
Hadassah: One Night with the King	author	Tommy Tenney
Hadassah: One Night with the King	author	Mark Andrew Olsen
Minnie's Boys	author	Arthur Marx
Minnie's Boys	author	Robert Fisher
The Man Who Never Missed	author	Steve Perry (author)
The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down	author	Anne Fadiman
Swastika Night	author	Katharine Burdekin
A Theory of Fun for Game Design	author	Raph Koster
1812: The Rivers of War	author	Eric Flint
Some Like It Hot (novel)	author	Zoey Dean
Scottish Folk Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The Sword of Conan	author	Robert E. Howard
King Conan	author	Robert E. Howard
The Coming of Conan	author	Robert E. Howard
Conan the Barbarian (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
Mode series	author	Piers Anthony
Mode series  Fractal Mode   1	author	Piers Anthony
Mode series  Chaos Mode   1	author	Piers Anthony
Mode series  DoOon Mode   1	author	Piers Anthony
Underground (novel)	author	Andrew McGahan
A Doll's Life	author	Betty Comden
A Doll's Life	author	Adolph Green
The Goodbye Girl (musical)	author	Neil Simon
Brother Man	author	Roger Mais
Breakfast at Tiffany's (musical)	author	Edward Albee
Via Dolorosa (play)	author	David Hare (playwright)
The Optimist's Daughter	author	Eudora Welty
Me and the Orgone	author	Orson Bean
Noble House (TV miniseries)	author	James Clavell
Noble House (TV miniseries)	author	Eric Bercovici
Conan the Rebel	author	Poul Anderson
The Road of Kings	author	Karl Edward Wagner
The Sword of Skelos	author	Andrew J. Offutt
Conan and the Sorcerer	author	Andrew J. Offutt
Conan the Mercenary	author	Andrew J. Offutt
On Human Nature	author	E. O. Wilson
La Toya: Growing Up in the Jackson Family	author	La Toya Jackson
The Information (novel)	author	Martin Amis
The Night of Kadar	author	Garry Kilworth
Side by Side by Sondheim	author	Revue
Fourth Mansions	author	R. A. Lafferty
Big Apple Take Down	author	Rudy Josephs
Rabble Starkey	author	Lois Lowry
Summer Heights High	author	Chris Lilley (comedian)
Monster Mythology	author	Carl Sargent
Alan Mendelsohn, the Boy from Mars	author	Daniel Pinkwater
Wren to the Rescue	author	Sherwood Smith
Brian's Return	author	Gary Paulsen
Our Stolen Future	author	Theo Colborn
Our Stolen Future	author	Dianne Dumanoski
Our Stolen Future	author	John Peterson Myers
The Romanian: Story of an Obsession	author	Bruce Benderson
First Person Plural: My Life As a Multiple	author	First Person Plural: My Life As a Multiple
The Book Thief	author	Markus Zusak
Conan the Destroyer (novel)	author	Robert Jordan
Boy A	author	Jonathan Trigell
Curley McDimple	author	Robert Dahdah
Curley McDimple	author	Mary Boylan
The Price (play)	author	Arthur Miller
Bloodthirst (novel)	author	Jeanne Kalogridis
By the Light of the Study Lamp	author	Carolyn Keene
My Favorite Year (musical)	author	Joseph Dougherty
A Class Act	author	Linda Kline
A Class Act	author	Lonny Price
Wonder of the Worlds	author	Sesh Heri
Modern Primitives (book)	author	V. Vale
Modern Primitives (book)	author	Andrea Juno
The English Roses	author	Madonna (entertainer)
Netochka Nezvanova (novel)	author	Fyodor Dostoyevsky
The Kafka Effekt	author	D. Harlan Wilson
The Picturegoers	author	David Lodge (author)
We Are Smarter Than Me	author	Barry Libert
We Are Smarter Than Me	author	Jon Spector
The League of the Scarlet Pimpernel	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
The Warriors (novel)	author	Sol Yurick
The Soldier and the State	author	Samuel P. Huntington
East of Everything	author	Deb Cox
East of Everything	author	Roger Monk
Hairy Maclary from Donaldson's Dairy	author	Lynley Dodd
The Sea Fairies	author	L. Frank Baum
Forever in Blue: The Fourth Summer of the Sisterhood	author	Ann Brashares
Sons of the Oak	author	Dave Wolverton
Jaws (novel)	author	Peter Benchley
Click, Clack, Moo: Cows That Type	author	Doreen Cronin
Ben Franklin in Paris	author	Sidney Michaels
Giggle, Giggle, Quack	author	Doreen Cronin
Dooby Dooby Moo	author	Doreen Cronin
Duck for President	author	Doreen Cronin
Roses Are Red (novel)	author	James Patterson
Half a Life (novel)	author	V. S. Naipaul
The Book of Evidence	author	John Banville
Sky Island (novel)	author	L. Frank Baum
Wikidumper.org	author	Clifford A. Pickover
A History of the Life and Voyages of Christopher Columbus	author	Washington Irving
Operation Nuke	author	Martin Caidin
High Crystal	author	Martin Caidin
Cyborg IV	author	Martin Caidin
The Ganymede Takeover	author	Philip K. Dick
The Ganymede Takeover	author	Ray Nelson
Stranger on the Loose	author	D. Harlan Wilson
Alligator Pie	author	Dennis Lee (author)
Pseudo-City	author	D. Harlan Wilson
La Strada (musical)	author	Charles K. Peck, Jr.
The Stoic	author	Theodore Dreiser
The Financier	author	Theodore Dreiser
The Full Monty (musical)	author	Terrence McNally
Platinum (musical)	author	Will Holt
Platinum (musical)	author	Bruce Vilanch
Sayonara Jupiter	author	Sakyo Komatsu
The Yearling	author	Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings
The Animals of Farthing Wood (book)	author	Colin Dann
The Enchanted Island of Yew	author	L. Frank Baum
Armageddon: A Novel of Berlin	author	Leon Uris
3 NBs of Julian Drew	author	James M. Deem
Empire (2006 novel)	author	Orson Scott Card
Martin Guerre (musical)	author	Alain Boublil
Martin Guerre (musical)	author	Claude-Michel Schönberg
Chronicles of Avonlea	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Further Chronicles of Avonlea	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
George M!	author	Michael Stewart (playwright)
George M!	author	John Pascal
George M!	author	Francine Pascal
Inheritance (TV series)	author	Peter Eckersley (TV producer)
Inheritance (TV series)	author	Geoffrey Lancashire
The Thanksgiving Visitor	author	Truman Capote
Luha ng Buwaya	author	Amado V. Hernandez
The Immaculate Conception	author	Gaétan Soucy
Amazons (novel)	author	Don DeLillo
Strong Medicine (novel)	author	Arthur Hailey
Grizzly Tales for Gruesome Kids	author	Jamie Rix
Citizen Baines	author	Patty Lin
Citizen Baines	author	Will Scheffer
Citizen Baines	author	Karyn Usher
Citizen Baines	author	John Wells (TV producer)
Citizen Baines	author	Lydia Woodward
Gone-Away Lake	author	Elizabeth Enright
Batman: The Ultimate Evil	author	Andrew Vachss
The Treasure of the Humble	author	Maurice Maeterlinck
Finding Cassie Crazy	author	Jaclyn Moriarty
The Mommies (TV series)	author	Cindy Chupack
The Mommies (TV series)	author	Tim O'Donnell (director)
Le Roi Soleil (musical)	author	Kamel Ouali
The SemWare Editor	author	Sammy Mitchell
Physik	author	Angie Sage
Cop Killer (novel)	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
The Terrorists	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
Murder at the Savoy	author	Sjöwall and Wahlöö
The Nature and Origins of Mass Opinion	author	John Zaller
Courtship Rite	author	Donald Kingsbury
Rogue Queen	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Moon Goddess and the Son	author	Donald Kingsbury
He Knew He Was Right	author	Anthony Trollope
Clash of the Sky Galleons	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
Clash of the Sky Galleons	author	Chris Riddell
What You Make It	author	Michael Marshall Smith
Lolly Scramble	author	Tony Martin (comedian)
Tangerine (novel)	author	Edward Bloor
Psychohistorical Crisis	author	Donald Kingsbury
Thunder Cave	author	Roland Smith
The Butterfly Kid	author	Chester Anderson
The Radiant Seas	author	Catherine Asaro
Water Music (novel)	author	T. Coraghessan Boyle
Merrily We Roll Along (musical)	author	George Furth
Matrix (TV series)	author	Gail Morgan Hickman
The Trouble with Physics	author	Lee Smolin
The Sociological Imagination	author	C. Wright Mills
World's End (1987 novel)	author	T. Coraghessan Boyle
Prettybelle	author	Bob Merrill
Vrms	author	Bdale Garbee
The Sledding Hill	author	Chris Crutcher
The Only Three Questions That Count	author	Kenneth Fisher
The Last Templar	author	Raymond Khoury
CBSSports.com	author	CBS
Bobby Baseball	author	Robert Kimmel Smith
Three Roads to Quantum Gravity	author	Lee Smolin
Faith Freedom International	author	Ali Sina (ex-Muslim)
Consider the Oyster	author	M. F. K. Fisher
I Remember Mama (musical)	author	Thomas Meehan (writer)
The Kung Fu Book of Caine: The Complete Guide to TV's First Mystical Eastern Western	author	Herbie J. Pilato
The Red Mill	author	Henry Blossom
The Red Mill	author	Victor Herbert
The Fortune Teller (operetta)	author	Harry B. Smith
The Serenade	author	Victor Herbert
The Serenade	author	Harry B. Smith
Backlash: The Undeclared War Against American Women	author	Susan Faludi
A Wonderful Life (musical)	author	Sheldon Harnick
Microsoft Expression Media	author	Microsoft
Funeral Games (novel)	author	Mary Renault
The Apollo of Bellac	author	Jean Giraudoux
Yancy Derringer	author	Mary Loos
Yancy Derringer	author	Richard Sale (director)
Yancy Derringer	author	Coles Trapnell
Dekada '70 (novel)	author	Lualhati Bautista
Wheelers (novel)	author	Ian Stewart (mathematician)
Rogue Mage series	author	Faith Hunter
Rogue Mage series  eraphs   1	author	Faith Hunter
Rogue Mage series  Host   1	author	Faith Hunter
The Night at the Museum	author	Milan Trenc
The Night at the Museum  : The Junior Novelization   1	author	Leslie Goldman
So Long, 174th Street	author	Joseph Stein
Citizens (book)	author	Simon Schama
The Princess Pat	author	Henry Blossom
Jonestown: The Power and the Myth of Alan Jones	author	Chris Masters (writer)
No Strings	author	Samuel A. Taylor
The Survivor (novel)	author	Thomas Keneally
Memories, Dreams, Reflections	author	Carl Jung
My Sweet Audrina	author	V. C. Andrews
An Assembly Such as This	author	Pamela Aidan
TalkShoe	author	TalkShoe
The Amateur Gentleman	author	Jeffery Farnol
The Edge (Fox TV series)	author	Julie Brown
The Edge (Fox TV series)	author	David Mirkin
The Edge (Fox TV series)	author	Charlie Kaufman
Ascending	author	James Alan Gardner
A Barnstormer in Oz	author	Philip José Farmer
The Emerald Wand of Oz	author	Sherwood Smith
Trouble Under Oz	author	Sherwood Smith
Basic Color Terms: Their Universality and Evolution	author	Brent Berlin
Basic Color Terms: Their Universality and Evolution	author	Paul Kay
High Fidelity (musical)	author	David Lindsay-Abaire
Urban Cowboy (musical)	author	Aaron Latham
Urban Cowboy (musical)	author	Phillip Oesterman
Doomsday (novel)	author	Warwick Deeping
False Mirrors	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
Violets Are Blue (novel)	author	James Patterson
The Haunting of Alaizabel Cray	author	Chris Wooding
Hello Out There	author	William Saroyan
All Our Yesterdays (book)	author	Harry Warner, Jr.
On Overgrown Paths	author	Knut Hamsun
Computer: A History of the Information Machine	author	Martin Campbell-Kelly
Computer: A History of the Information Machine	author	William Aspray
Yuku	author	Ezboard
Fat City (novel)	author	Leonard Gardner
The White Boy Shuffle	author	Paul Beatty
Hot House Flowers	author	John H. Wilson (judge)
Outposts: Journeys to the Surviving Relics of the British Empire	author	Simon Winchester
Playing Beatie Bow	author	Ruth Park
Good Guys Bad Guys	author	Jon Stephens
March of the Falsettos	author	William Finn
Ancient Evenings	author	Norman Mailer
I, Claudius (TV series)	author	Jack Pulman
The Grapes of Wrath (play)	author	John Steinbeck
The Grapes of Wrath (play)	author	Frank Galati
Watchman (novel)	author	Ian Rankin
Awful End	author	Philip Ardagh
Love (Angela Carter novel)	author	Angela Carter
The Rabbit Factory	author	Marshall Karp
The Boy Who Heard Music	author	Pete Townshend
Final Watch	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
Fantasy Realms	author	Glay Gardner
Hamlet and Oedipus	author	Ernest Jones
The Enemy in the Blanket	author	Anthony Burgess
Beds in the East	author	Anthony Burgess
Devil of a State	author	Anthony Burgess
Fragile Things	author	Neil Gaiman
A pata da gazela	author	José de Alencar
The Thieves of Ostia	author	Caroline Lawrence
Almost Lost: The True Story of an Anonymous Teenager's Life on the Streets	author	Anonymous work
Romanitas (novel)	author	Sophia McDougall
The Beast (2001 TV series)	author	Doug Palau
The Beast (2001 TV series)	author	Jeff Pinkner
The Beast (2001 TV series)	author	Kario Salem
The White Liars (Play)	author	Peter Shaffer
Haunted in the New World	author	Donald Weber
The Kaiser's Last Kiss	author	Alan Judd
Nature Girl (novel)	author	Carl Hiaasen
The King of Elfland's Daughter	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
The Charwoman's Shadow	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
Buddha Da	author	Anne Donovan (author)
Beyond Black	author	Hilary Mantel
The Parent's Assistant	author	Maria Edgeworth
Une Page d'amour	author	Émile Zola
The Ballad of Peckham Rye	author	Muriel Spark
The Ethos Effect	author	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
Poverty, A Study of Town Life	author	Seebohm Rowntree
Evenings at Home	author	John Aikin
Evenings at Home	author	Anna Laetitia Barbauld
The Small Rain	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Broadside (TV series)	author	Irving Taylor (songwriter)
The Translator	author	Leila Aboulela
Blue Highways	author	William Least Heat-Moon
A Balada de Praia do Cães	author	José Cardoso Pires
The Detective (novel)	author	Roderick Thorp
Ressurreição	author	Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis
Quincas Borba	author	Joaquim Maria Machado de Assis
The Crusades Through Arab Eyes	author	Amin Maalouf
A Crack Up at the Race Riots	author	Harmony Korine
The Gin Game	author	D.L. Coburn
X-Ray (book)	author	Ray Davies
We Tell Ourselves Stories in Order to Live	author	Joan Didion
The Urth of the New Sun	author	Gene Wolfe
Pig Earth	author	John Berger
Death Without Denial Grief Without Apology: A Guide for Facing Death and Loss	author	Barbara Roberts
Velferdsvillaen	author	Nordisk Ungdomspanel
The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born	author	Ayi Kwei Armah
George Carlin: Again!	author	George Carlin
The Right to an Answer	author	Anthony Burgess
Mam'zelle Guillotine	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Damia (novel)	author	Anne McCaffrey
Serpico (TV series)	author	Peter Maas
Serpico (TV series)	author	Shimon Wincelberg
Serafim Ponte Grande	author	Oswald de Andrade
One Punk Under God	author	Kyung-Sun Yu
O gaúcho	author	José de Alencar
See Delphi and Die	author	Lindsey Davis
The Colleen Bawn	author	Dion Boucicault
The Shadow Box	author	Michael Cristofer
The House in Paris	author	Elizabeth Bowen
So Yesterday (novel)	author	Scott Westerfield
Fleet of Worlds	author	Larry Niven
Fleet of Worlds	author	Edward M. Lerner
Welcome to the Club (musical)	author	A. E. Hotchner
Sandstorm (Dungeons & Dragons)	author	Bruce Cordell
Dragon Magic	author	Owen K.C. Stephens
Dragon Magic	author	Rodney Thompson
Spell Compendium	author	Jeff Grubb
Fiendish Codex I: Hordes of the Abyss	author	James Jacobs (game designer)
Fiendish Codex I: Hordes of the Abyss	author	Erik Mona
Fiendish Codex II: Tyrants of the Nine Hells	author	Robin Laws
Fiendish Codex II: Tyrants of the Nine Hells	author	Robert J. Schwalb
Races of Stone	author	David Noonan (game designer)
Planar Handbook	author	Bruce Cordell
Races of the Wild	author	Skip Williams
The Hunters (novel)	author	James Salter
Alfarrábios	author	José de Alencar
Rachael Lily Rosenbloom (And Don't You Ever Forget It)	author	Paul Jabara
Rachael Lily Rosenbloom (And Don't You Ever Forget It)	author	Tom Eyen
The Afterlife Experiments	author	Gary Schwartz
The Afterlife Experiments	author	William L. Simon
The Afterlife Experiments	author	Deepak Chopra
Go (Holmes novel)	author	John Clellon Holmes
Oxford Companion to Food	author	Alan Davidson (food writer)
My One and Only	author	Peter Stone
My One and Only	author	Timothy S. Mayer
A Year with Frog and Toad	author	Willie Reale
Grind (musical)	author	Fay Kanin
The Falcon's Malteser	author	Anthony Horowitz
Whale Talk	author	Chris Crutcher
Four Blind Mice (novel)	author	James Patterson
Housewife, 49	author	Victoria Wood
Housewife, 49	author	Nella Last
Phoronix	author	Michael Larabel
The Second Invasion from Mars	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
A Charmed Life	author	Mary McCarthy (author)
James Joyce's The Dead	author	Richard Nelson (playwright)
East Is East (novel)	author	T. Coraghessan Boyle
Riven Rock	author	T. Coraghessan Boyle
Drop City (novel)	author	T. Coraghessan Boyle
Sweeney Astray	author	Seamus Heaney
Pop! (Aussie Bites)	author	Margaret Clark
The Diamond Chariot	author	Boris Akunin
The First (musical)	author	Joel Siegel
Mission to Moulokin	author	Alan Dean Foster
High Society (musical)	author	Arthur Kopit
Bubbling Brown Sugar	author	Loften Mitchell
Pictures from Italy	author	Charles Dickens
Amour (musical)	author	Jeremy Sams
A Severed Wasp	author	Madeleine L'Engle
Erasing Sherlock	author	Kelly Hale
Survivor (Octavia Butler novel)	author	Octavia E. Butler
Snap! (Aussie Bites)	author	Margaret Clark
No Place for Grubbs! (Aussie Bites)	author	Max Dann
Stella by the Sea (Aussie Chomps)	author	Ruth Starke
Unsub (TV series)	author	David J. Burke
Unsub (TV series)	author	Stephen J. Cannell
Unsub (TV series)	author	Randall Wallace
Blind Trek (Aussie Chomps)	author	James Kennedy
The Tasmanian Babes Fiasco	author	John Birmingham
Arte de la lengua mexicana y castellana	author	Alonso de Molina
Boots and All (Aussie Chomps)	author	Sherryl Clark
Arte de la lengua mexicana con la declaración de los adverbios della	author	Horacio Carochi
Aquí comiença un vocabulario en la lengua castellana y mexicana	author	Alonso de Molina
The Wedding Singer (musical)	author	Chad Beguelin
The Wedding Singer (musical)	author	Tim Herlihy
A Touch of Frost (novel)	author	R. D. Wingfield
I Will Repay (novel)	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Sir Percy Leads the Band	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
The Life (musical)	author	David Newman (Broadway writer)
The Life (musical)	author	Ira Gasman
The Life (musical)	author	Cy Coleman
Between the Acts	author	Virginia Woolf
Making Globalization Work	author	Joseph Stiglitz
Islam: The Straight Path	author	John Esposito
A Modern Instance	author	William Dean Howells
Apuesta por un amor	author	Gabriela Ortigoza
Apuesta por un amor	author	Juan Carlos Alcalá
Illya Darling	author	Jules Dassin
Lord Tony's Wife	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Chuva Braba	author	Manuel Lopes
The Elusive Pimpernel (novel)	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
The Assault on Reason	author	Al Gore
First Love: A Gothic Tale	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Blonde (novel)	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Looming Fog	author	Rosemary Esehagu
Nunsense	author	Dan Goggin
The Secret of Shambhala: In Search of the Eleventh Insight	author	James Redfield
Rage Against the Veil	author	Parvin Darabi
Frost at Christmas	author	R. D. Wingfield
The Mystery of Dr. Fu-Manchu	author	Sax Rohmer
Where's Wally? (book)	author	Martin Handford
Where's Wally in Hollywood?	author	Martin Handford
Where's Wally?: The Wonder Book	author	Martin Handford
Where's Wally?: The Great Picture Hunt	author	Martin Handford
Where's Wally?: The Ultimate Fun Book	author	Martin Handford
Where's Wally?: The Magnificent Poster Book!	author	Martin Handford
Where's Waldo? (TV series)	author	David Schwartz
Where's Waldo? (TV series)	author	Rowby Goren
Dead and Alive	author	Dean Koontz
The Tritonian Ring	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Eclipse (Meyer novel)	author	Stephenie Meyer
Remnant Population	author	Elizabeth Moon
Odd Man Out (TV series)	author	Ed Decter
Odd Man Out (TV series)	author	Michael Feldman (writer)
Odd Man Out (TV series)	author	John J. Strauss
The Moomins and the Great Flood	author	Tove Jansson
The Exploits of Moominpappa	author	Tove Jansson
The Godwulf Manuscript	author	Robert B. Parker
Mortal Stakes	author	Robert B. Parker
One Day in My Life	author	Bobby Sands
Red, Hot and Blue	author	Howard Lindsay
Red, Hot and Blue	author	Russel Crouse
SLIB	author	Aubrey Jaffer
Camping (microframework)	author	Why the lucky stiff
Dearly Devoted Dexter	author	Jeff Lindsay (writer)
Darling of the Day (musical)	author	Nunnally Johnson
The Big Bad Wolf (novel)	author	James Patterson
Hazel Flagg	author	Ben Hecht
Knights of Forty Islands	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
Nuclear Dream	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
Crank (novel)	author	Ellen Hopkins
Pale Kings and Princes	author	Robert B. Parker
The Custom of the Country	author	Edith Wharton
My Name Is Caroline	author	Caroline Adams Miller
Curtains (musical)	author	Rupert Holmes
The Rhinemann Exchange	author	Robert Ludlum
La La La (book)	author	Kylie Minogue
La La La (book)	author	William Baker (fashion designer)
Misunderstanding Cults	author	Benjamin Zablocki
Misunderstanding Cults	author	Thomas Robbins (sociologist)
The War of the Worlds	author	H. G. Wells
The Long, Hot Summer (TV series)	author	William Bast
The Long, Hot Summer (TV series)	author	Oliver Crawford
The Long, Hot Summer (TV series)	author	William Faulkner
The Long, Hot Summer (TV series)	author	Dean Riesner
The Long, Hot Summer (TV series)	author	Donald S. Sanford
Rags (musical)	author	Joseph Stein
The Guns of Navarone (novel)	author	Alistair MacLean
Very Warm for May	author	Oscar Hammerstein II
The Guerilla Filmmakers Handbook	author	Chris Jones (filmmaker)
Transparent Stained-Glass Windows	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
The Vagabond King	author	Brian Hooker (poet)
The Vagabond King	author	William H. Post
The Triple Hoax	author	Carolyn Keene
The Flying Saucer Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
The Changing Room	author	David Storey
The Letters of Kingsley Amis	author	Kingsley Amis
IslamOnline	author	Yusuf al-Qaradawi
Dragonseye	author	Anne McCaffrey
Marília de Dirceu	author	Tomás Antônio Gonzaga
Wayside (TV series)	author	John Derevlany
Wayside (TV series)	author	Robert Tinkler
Leven Thumps and the Gateway to Foo	author	Obert Skye
The Briar King	author	Gregory Keyes
Dragon Wing	author	Margaret Weis
Dragon Wing	author	Tracy Hickman
Elven Star	author	Margaret Weis
Elven Star	author	Tracy Hickman
Fire Sea	author	Margaret Weis
Fire Sea	author	Tracy Hickman
Serpent Mage	author	Margaret Weis
Serpent Mage	author	Tracy Hickman
The Hand of Chaos	author	Margaret Weis
The Hand of Chaos	author	Tracy Hickman
Into the Labyrinth (novel)	author	Margaret Weis
Into the Labyrinth (novel)	author	Tracy Hickman
The Seventh Gate	author	Margaret Weis
The Seventh Gate	author	Tracy Hickman
Crystal Mask	author	Katherine Roberts
Have I Got Views For You	author	Boris Johnson
Darkness and the Light	author	Olaf Stapledon
The Me Nobody Knows	author	Robert H. Livingston
The Me Nobody Knows	author	Herb Schapiro
The Me Nobody Knows	author	Stephen M. Joseph
Rebel Angels (Libba Bray novel)	author	Libba Bray
Oh, Captain!	author	Al Morgan
Oh, Captain!	author	José Ferrer
The Forgotten (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Reaction (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Babyfather	author	Patrick Augustus
Babyfather	author	Sharon Foster
The Wrong Way Home (book)	author	Arthur J. Deikman
The Wrong Way Home (book)	author	Doctor of Medicine
The Black Swan (Taleb book)	author	Nassim Nicholas Taleb
The Outsider and Others	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Le Rêve (novel)	author	Émile Zola
The House of Blue Leaves	author	John Guare
Beyond the Wall of Sleep (collection)	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Too Far to Go	author	John Updike
Marginalia (collection)	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Shadow Moon (novel)	author	Chris Claremont
Shadow Moon (novel)	author	George Lucas
Shadow Dawn	author	Chris Claremont
Shadow Dawn	author	George Lucas
Something About Cats and Other Pieces	author	H. P. Lovecraft
A Moreninha	author	Joaquim Manuel de Macedo
The Dunwich Horror and Others	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Blart II: The Boy Who Was Wanted Dead or Alive – Or Both	author	Dominic Barker
At the Mountains of Madness and Other Novels	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Bajour (musical)	author	Ernest Kinoy
A Soldier's Play	author	Charles Fuller
Philip Marlowe, Private Eye	author	Raymond Chandler
Philip Marlowe, Private Eye	author	Jo Eisinger
Philip Marlowe, Private Eye	author	Jesse L. Lasky, Jr.
Philip Marlowe, Private Eye	author	Pat Silver-Lasky
Yogi's First Christmas	author	Willie Gilbert
Dawn Undercover	author	Anna Dale
A Golden Age	author	Tahmima Anam
Hunted (novel)	author	James Alan Gardner
Postcards from God	author	Marcus Reeves
The Change (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Unknown (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
My Brother's Road	author	Markar Melkonian
The Escape (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Warning (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Underground (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Decision (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Departure (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Discovery (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Dagon and Other Macabre Tales	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Awesome Adventures	author	Steve Rotfeld
The Phoenix Guards	author	Steven Brust
Five Hundred Years After	author	Steven Brust
The Viscount of Adrilankha	author	Steven Brust
The Viscount of Adrilankha  The Lord of Castle Black   1	author	Steven Brust
The Viscount of Adrilankha  Sethra Lavode   1	author	Steven Brust
The Threat (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Solution (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Pretender (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Suspicion (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Extreme (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Town Santa Forgot	author	Charmaine Severson
The Town Santa Forgot	author	Glenn Leopold
The Attack (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Exposed (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Experiment (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Sickness (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Reunion (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Conspiracy (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Virrudh	author	Kamlesh Pandey
Hollywood Pinafore	author	George S. Kaufman
Mindless Eating	author	Brian Wansink
Eulalia!	author	Brian Jacques
In the Pond	author	Ha Jin
Little Women (musical)	author	Allan Knee
My Three Angels	author	Samuel and Bella Spewack
The Counterfeiters (novel)	author	André Gide
Silk (novel)	author	Alessandro Baricco
Storm Front (novel)	author	Jim Butcher
Shallows	author	Tim Winton
The Turning (stories)	author	Tim Winton
The Continent of Circe	author	Nirad C. Chaudhuri
Thy Hand, Great Anarch!	author	Nirad C. Chaudhuri
Out of Time's Abyss	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Blaze (novel)	author	Stephen King
The Wreck of the Zephyr	author	Chris Van Allsburg
The Serpent's Shadow	author	Mercedes Lackey
Sand Monkeys	author	Joanne Horniman
Casina (play)	author	Plautus
April Fool's Day (novel)	author	Bryce Courtenay
Tommo & Hawk	author	Bryce Courtenay
Sylvia (novel)	author	Bryce Courtenay
Henry, Sweet Henry	author	Nunnally Johnson
Here's Love	author	Meredith Willson
The Castle in the Forest	author	Norman Mailer
Man of Nazareth	author	Anthony Burgess
Deliverance (novel)	author	James Dickey
The World's Greatest Super Friends	author	Jeffrey Scott
The World's Greatest Super Friends	author	Bob Kane
The World's Greatest Super Friends	author	William Moulton Marston
The World's Greatest Super Friends	author	Joe Shuster
The World's Greatest Super Friends	author	Jerry Siegel
Super Friends: The Legendary Super Powers Show	author	Alan Burnett
Super Friends: The Legendary Super Powers Show	author	Gerry Conway
Super Friends: The Legendary Super Powers Show	author	Rich Fogel
Super Friends: The Legendary Super Powers Show	author	Cynthia Friedlob
Super Friends: The Legendary Super Powers Show	author	Glenn Leopold
Super Friends: The Legendary Super Powers Show	author	William Moulton Marston
Super Friends: The Legendary Super Powers Show	author	Al Milgrom
Super Friends: The Legendary Super Powers Show	author	John Semper
Super Friends: The Legendary Super Powers Show	author	Joe Shuster
Super Friends: The Legendary Super Powers Show	author	Jerry Siegel
Super Friends: The Legendary Super Powers Show	author	Jeff Segal
Super Friends: The Legendary Super Powers Show	author	Marc Scott Zicree
The Super Powers Team: Galactic Guardians	author	Alan Burnett
The Super Powers Team: Galactic Guardians	author	John Loy
The Super Powers Team: Galactic Guardians	author	Antoni Zalewski
T-Square (software)	author	Peter Samson
T-Square (software)	author	Robert Alan Saunders
Why People Believe Weird Things: Pseudoscience, Superstition, and Other Confusions of Our Time	author	Michael Shermer
Captive Universe	author	Harry Harrison
July's People	author	Nadine Gordimer
Loot: And Other Stories	author	Nadine Gordimer
Kiss of the Spider Woman (novel)	author	Manuel Puig
La Bête	author	David Hirson
Really Rosie	author	Maurice Sendak
Sir Percy Hits Back	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Love is a Mix Tape	author	Rob Sheffield
Greenwillow	author	Lesser Samuels
Greenwillow	author	Frank Loesser
What a Carve Up! (novel)	author	Jonathan Coe
The Horror in the Museum and Other Revisions	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Happy Hunting	author	Howard Lindsay
Happy Hunting	author	Russel Crouse
Operation Red Jericho	author	Joshua Mowll
Something for the Boys	author	Herbert Fields
Something for the Boys	author	Dorothy Fields
A Reverie for Mister Ray	author	Michael Bishop (author)
A Reverie for Mister Ray    1	author	Michael Bishop (author)
Partners (TV series)	author	Oliver Goldstick
Partners (TV series)	author	Jeff Greenstein
Partners (TV series)	author	Paul Redford
Echo (novel)	author	Francesca Lia Block
Honest to God	author	John Robinson (bishop of Woolwich)
Wayside School is Falling Down	author	Louis Sachar
The Laughing Cavalier (novel)	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger	author	Louis Sachar
Sideways Arithmetic From Wayside School	author	Louis Sachar
The Act of Roger Murgatroyd	author	Gilbert Adair
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (novel)	author	Anita Loos
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (musical)	author	Joseph Fields
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (musical)	author	Anita Loos
The Daily News (UK)	author	Charles Dickens
The Daily News (UK)	author	John Foster (journalist)
Evermore (book)	author	James Robert Smith
Evermore (book)	author	Stephen Mark Rainey
Other Worlds Than Ours	author	Nelson S. Bond
Our Lady of the Assassins (novel)	author	Fernando Vallejo
Google Patents	author	Google
Damia's Children	author	Anne McCaffrey
Victor/Victoria (musical)	author	Blake Edwards
The Jewels of Aptor	author	Samuel R. Delany
Captives of the Flame	author	Samuel R. Delany
Drat! The Cat!	author	Ira Levin
The Towers of Toron	author	Samuel R. Delany
City of a Thousand Suns	author	Samuel R. Delany
What Is the What: The Autobiography of Valentino Achak Deng	author	Dave Eggers
The Ballad of Beta-2	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Einstein Intersection	author	Samuel R. Delany
Equinox (novel)	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Devil in Amber	author	Mark Gatiss
The High Frontier: Human Colonies in Space	author	Gerard K. O'Neill
The Russian Debutante's Handbook	author	Gary Shteyngart
They Fly at Çiron	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Jennifer Morgue	author	Charles Stross
Babylon 5: Dark Genesis – The Birth of the Psi Corps	author	Gregory Keyes
Meat Loaf: To Hell and Back	author	Meat Loaf
Meat Loaf: To Hell and Back	author	David Dalton
When the Eagle Hunts	author	Simon Scarrow
Wikinomics: How Mass Collaboration Changes Everything	author	Don Tapscott
Wikinomics: How Mass Collaboration Changes Everything	author	Anthony D. Williams
The Risen Empire	author	Scott Westerfeld
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Internet	author	Ed Krol
Atlantis: Three Tales	author	Samuel R. Delany
A Joyful Noise	author	Edward Padula
They Came from Outer Space	author	Tom McLoughlin
The Great Santini (novel)	author	Pat Conroy
The Babysitter II	author	R. L. Stine
Gantry (musical)	author	Peter Bellwood
Mass Effect: Revelation	author	Drew Karpyshyn
The House That Stood Still	author	A. E. van Vogt
Azure Bonds	author	Kate Novak
Challenge of the Super Friends	author	Jeffrey Scott
Challenge of the Super Friends	author	Carmine Infantino
Challenge of the Super Friends	author	Bob Kane
Songs of the Doomed	author	Hunter S. Thompson
The Way of the Scarlet Pimpernel	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Fabiola (novel)	author	Nicholas Wiseman
Past Continuous	author	Yaakov Shabtai
Feeling Sorry for Celia	author	Jaclyn Moriarty
A Child of the Revolution	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
The First Sir Percy	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
The Triumph of the Scarlet Pimpernel	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Women Beware Women	author	Thomas Middleton
The Chinese Bell Murders	author	Robert van Gulik
The Chinese Gold Murders	author	Robert van Gulik
The Big Orange Splot	author	Daniel Pinkwater
The Chinese Lake Murders	author	Robert van Gulik
The Chinese Nail Murders	author	Robert van Gulik
The Chinese Maze Murders	author	Robert van Gulik
The Haunted Monastery	author	Robert van Gulik
The Stones of Nomuru	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Stones of Nomuru	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
The Emperor's Pearl	author	Robert van Gulik
The Lacquer Screen	author	Robert van Gulik
The Red Pavilion	author	Robert van Gulik
The Monkey and the Tiger	author	Robert van Gulik
Dragons in the Waters	author	Madeleine L'Engle
The Frozen Deep	author	Wilkie Collins
The Frozen Deep	author	Charles Dickens
Michaelmas (novel)	author	Algis Budrys
Shorter Views	author	Samuel R. Delany
Longer Views	author	Samuel R. Delany
Silent Interviews	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Willow Pattern (novel)	author	Robert van Gulik
Murder in Canton	author	Robert van Gulik
The Phantom of the Temple	author	Robert van Gulik
Judge Dee at Work	author	Robert van Gulik
Necklace and Calabash	author	Robert van Gulik
Poets and Murder	author	Robert van Gulik
The Wind (novel)	author	Dorothy Scarborough
Sweet Spy	author	Kim Ki Ho
Sweet Spy	author	Lee Sun Mi
The Sweet Far Thing	author	Libba Bray
Mathematicians in Love	author	Rudy Rucker
A Fairly Honourable Defeat	author	Iris Murdoch
Fury (TV series)	author	Lillie Hayward
Fury (TV series)	author	Richard Schayer
Indra's Pearls (book)	author	David Mumford
Red Indian Folk and Fairy Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Memoirs of Emma Courtney	author	Mary Hays
The Dangerous Book for Boys	author	Conn Iggulden
GoodKnyght!	author	The Two Steves
GoodKnyght!	author	The Two Steves
The Righteous Men	author	Sam Bourne
Kwamina (musical)	author	Robert Alan Aurthur
From Boys to Men: Gay Men Write About Growing Up	author	Ted Gideonse
From Boys to Men: Gay Men Write About Growing Up	author	Robert Williams
Artemis Fowl: The Time Paradox	author	Eoin Colfer
Someone in the Dark	author	August Derleth
The Convenient Marriage	author	Georgette Heyer
Out of Space and Time	author	Clark Ashton Smith
The Talisman Ring	author	Georgette Heyer
An Infamous Army	author	Georgette Heyer
The Spanish Bride	author	Georgette Heyer
The Corinthian (novel)	author	Georgette Heyer
Faro's Daughter	author	Georgette Heyer
The Reluctant Widow	author	Georgette Heyer
Venetia (novel)	author	Georgette Heyer
The Moon Riders	author	Theresa Tomlinson
Master Class	author	Terrence McNally
Song Quest	author	Katherine Roberts
December 6 (novel)	author	Martin Cruz Smith
Coal Run (novel)	author	Tawni O'Dell
Sister Mine	author	Tawni O'Dell
Nostradamus Ate My Hamster	author	Robert Rankin
Gō (TV series)	author	Kumiko Tabuchi
Lady of Quality	author	Georgette Heyer
The Tale of Benjamin Bunny	author	Beatrix Potter
Lyddie	author	Katherine Paterson
Cousin Kate	author	Georgette Heyer
False Colours	author	Georgette Heyer
The Nonesuch	author	Georgette Heyer
A Civil Contract	author	Georgette Heyer
The Story of the Glittering Plain	author	William Morris
When You Ride Alone You Ride with bin Laden	author	Bill Maher
Charity Girl	author	Georgette Heyer
Frederica (novel)	author	Georgette Heyer
Simon the Coldheart	author	Georgette Heyer
The Eye and the Finger	author	Donald Wandrei
My Lord John	author	Georgette Heyer
The Conqueror (novel)	author	Georgette Heyer
The Great Roxhythe	author	Georgette Heyer
Royal Escape	author	Georgette Heyer
A Garden of Earthly Delights	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Gould's Book of Fish	author	Richard Flanagan
Tales of Nevèrÿon	author	Samuel R. Delany
Neveryóna	author	Samuel R. Delany
Flight from Nevèrÿon	author	Samuel R. Delany
Return to Nevèrÿon	author	Samuel R. Delany
Jumbee and Other Uncanny Tales	author	Henry S. Whitehead
Christy (novel)	author	Catherine Marshall
The Entropy Effect	author	Vonda N. McIntyre
Mockingbird (Tevis novel)	author	Walter Tevis
Falcon (storage engine)	author	Jim Starkey
Target (TV series)	author	Bob Baker
Target (TV series)	author	Dave Martin (screenwriter)
Target (TV series)	author	David Wickes
Lost Worlds (book)	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Goodnight Burbank	author	Hayden Black
The Light in the Piazza (novel)	author	Elizabeth Spencer (writer)
Tru (play)	author	Jay Presson Allen
The Book of Not	author	Tsitsi Dangarembga
Skyscraper (musical)	author	Peter Stone
Bad Astronomy	author	Phil Plait
Boogie Nights (musical)	author	Jon Conway
Kiki's Delivery Service (novel)	author	Eiko Kadono
South by Java Head	author	Alistair MacLean
The Legacy of Luna	author	Julia Butterfly Hill
Step on a Crack	author	James Patterson
Step on a Crack	author	Michael Ledwidge
Something Near	author	August Derleth
On Killing: The Psychological Cost of Learning to Kill in War and Society	author	Dave Grossman (author)
Europe Central	author	William T. Vollmann
A Year with Swollen Appendices	author	Brian Eno
Vocabulario en lengua castellana y mexicana	author	Alonso de Molina
The Opener of the Way	author	Robert Bloch
Bring Back Birdie	author	Michael Stewart (playwright)
Ladies Whose Bright Eyes	author	Ford Madox Ford
Witch House	author	Evangeline Walton
Green Tea and Other Ghost Stories	author	Sheridan Le Fanu
Sophisticated Ladies	author	Revue
The Hounds of Tindalos (book)	author	Frank Belknap Long
The Periodic Table of Science Fiction	author	Michael Swanwick
Software (novel)	author	Rudy Rucker
The Doll and One Other	author	Algernon Blackwood
TM and Cult Mania	author	Michael Persinger
The House on the Borderland and Other Novels	author	William Hope Hodgson
Skull-Face and Others	author	Robert E. Howard
PeopleTools	author	PeopleSoft
Bone Sharps, Cowboys, and Thunder Lizards	author	Jim Ottaviani
West India Lights	author	Henry S. Whitehead
Fearful Pleasures	author	A. E. Coppard
Black Order (James Rollins)	author	James Rollins
A Drama in Livonia	author	Jules Verne
Very Good Eddie	author	Philip Bartholomae
Very Good Eddie	author	Guy Bolton
Hell and High Water (book)	author	Joseph J. Romm
Under a War-Torn Sky	author	L. M. Elliott
Angel and Apostle	author	Deborah Noyes
The Clock Strikes Twelve	author	H. Russell Wakefield
Big Mouth & Ugly Girl	author	Joyce Carol Oates
This Mortal Coil (book)	author	Lady Cynthia Asquith
Dark of the Moon: Poems of Fantasy and the Macabre	author	August Derleth
Saint (novel)	author	Ted Dekker
Lala (website)	author	Bill Nguyen
Ramona's World	author	Beverly Cleary
Keeping You a Secret	author	Julie Anne Peters
Revelations in Black	author	Carl Richard Jacobi
The Stratagem and other Stories	author	Aleister Crowley
Collected Works of Aleister Crowley 1905-1907	author	Aleister Crowley
Night's Black Agents	author	Fritz Leiber
The Dreaming Jewels	author	Theodore Sturgeon
Dark Quetzal	author	Katherine Roberts
Slave Girl	author	Jackie French
Hahamishia Hakamerit	author	Asaf Tzipor
Car Trouble	author	Jeanne DuPrau
Guys Like Us	author	Andrew Hill Newman
Guys Like Us	author	Rina Mimoun
Guys Like Us	author	Barry O'Brien
Guys Like Us	author	Dan Schneider (TV producer)
The Travelling Grave and Other Stories	author	L. P. Hartley
The Morning of the Magicians	author	Louis Pauwels
The Morning of the Magicians	author	Jacques Bergier
Wetware (novel)	author	Rudy Rucker
The Beggar Queen	author	Lloyd Alexander
On Wings of Song	author	Thomas M. Disch
Trapped (novel)	author	James Alan Gardner
Clockers	author	Richard Price (writer)
Netlog	author	Lorenz Bogaert
My Senator and Me: A Dog's-Eye View of Washington, D.C.	author	Ted Kennedy
The Great Time Machine Hoax	author	Keith Laumer
Legs Diamond (musical)	author	Harvey Fierstein
Legs Diamond (musical)	author	Charles Suppon
Arte para aprender la lengua mexicana	author	Andrés de Olmos
Fūrin Kazan (Taiga drama)	author	Sumio Ōmori
Captain Michalis	author	Nikos Kazantzakis
Worms Eat My Garbage	author	Mary Appelhof
London 1850	author	Vampire Plagues series
All in a Day	author	Mitsumasa Anno
What's Up? (musical)	author	Alan Jay Lerner
Caesar (novel)	author	Colleen McCullough
The Day Before Spring	author	Alan Jay Lerner
The Conchologist's First Book	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Lullabies for Little Criminals	author	Heather O'Neill
Zak's Lunch	author	Margie Palatini
The Web of Easter Island	author	Donald Wandrei
The Fourth Book of Jorkens	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
The Veteran (short story collection)	author	Frederick Forsyth
And Chaos Died	author	Joanna Russ
Roads (novel)	author	Seabury Quinn
The Risk Pool	author	Richard Russo
Private Lies (book)	author	Frank Pittman
Private Lies (book)	author	Doctor of Medicine
Deadly Perfume	author	Gordon Thomas (author)
Têtes à claques	author	Têtes à claques
Genius Loci and Other Tales	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Not Long for this World	author	August Derleth
The Recruit (novel)	author	Robert Muchamore
Class A (novel)	author	Robert Muchamore
Dance a Little Closer	author	Alan Jay Lerner
The Throne of Saturn (short story collection)	author	S. Fowler Wright
A Hornbook for Witches	author	Leah Bodine Drake
Red Strangers	author	Elspeth Huxley
Funny Boy	author	Shyam Selvadurai
When the Bough Breaks (novel)	author	Jonathan Kellerman
Shattered (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
The Flesh in the Furnace	author	Dean Koontz
The Dark Chateau	author	Clark Ashton Smith
The End of Poverty	author	Jeffrey Sachs
Mr. Monk and the Blue Flu	author	Lee Goldberg
Tales from Underwood	author	David H. Keller
Night's Yawning Peal: A Ghostly Company	author	August Derleth
Maximum Security (novel)	author	Robert Muchamore
Galactic North	author	Alastair Reynolds
Daughter of Hounds	author	Caitlín R. Kiernan
I Love My Wife	author	Michael Stewart (playwright)
Nick & Nora	author	Arthur Laurents
The Thirteenth Tale	author	Diane Setterfield
Hitz	author	Mark Cullen (writer)
Hitz	author	Robb Cullen
Unless	author	Carol Shields
Empire Falls	author	Richard Russo
Candy: A Novel of Love and Addiction	author	Luke Davies
It's Not News, It's FARK	author	Drew Curtis
Beka Lamb	author	Zee Edgell
Christ Clone Trilogy	author	James BeauSeigneur
The Curse of Yig (book)	author	Zealia Bishop
Thriller (book)	author	James Patterson
The Omega Scroll	author	Adrian d'Hagé
Black Book (novel)	author	Laurens Abbink Spaink
The Gospel According to Jesus Christ	author	José Saramago
KiCAD	author	Jean-Pierre Charras
Conspiracy of Calaspia	author	Guptara
Conspiracy of Calaspia	author	Suresh Guptara
The Queen of Attolia	author	Megan Whalen Turner
Troubling a Star	author	Madeleine L'Engle
The Feasting Dead	author	John Metcalfe (writer)
The Survivor and Others	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Survivor and Others	author	August Derleth
RandR	author	X.Org Foundation
Unleavened Bread	author	Robert Grant (novelist)
Always Comes Evening	author	Robert E. Howard
Challenging the Chip	author	Ted Smith
Challenging the Chip	author	David A Sonnenfeld
Challenging the Chip	author	David Naguib Pellow
Releasing the Bonds	author	Steven Hassan
The Jupiter Myth	author	Lindsey Davis
Spells and Philtres	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Shannon's Way	author	A. J. Cronin
The Mask of Cthulhu	author	August Derleth
The Minstrel Boy (novel)	author	A. J. Cronin
Secret Life of Toys	author	Jocelyn Stevenson
Nine Horrors and a Dream	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
Pete and Gladys	author	Bob Schiller
Pete and Gladys	author	Bob Weiskopf
Arkham House: The First 20 Years	author	August Derleth
Some Notes on H. P. Lovecraft	author	August Derleth
WikiLeaks	author	Julian Assange
The Shuttered Room and Other Pieces	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Abominations of Yondo	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Pleasant Dreams: Nightmares	author	Robert Bloch
In a Glass Darkly	author	Sheridan Le Fanu
The Wyvern's Spur	author	Kate Novak
Invaders from the Dark	author	Greye La Spina
Company K	author	William March
Ruthless!	author	Joel Paley
Strayers from Sheol	author	H. Russell Wakefield
The Last Stand of the Tin Can Sailors	author	James D. Hornfischer
Carmelina	author	Joseph Stein
Carmelina	author	Alan Jay Lerner
The Killing (novel)	author	Robert Muchamore
Fire and Sleet and Candlelight	author	August Derleth
The Globalized City	author	Frank Moulaert
The Globalized City	author	Erik Swyngedouw
Dreams and Fancies	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Rise of the Black Wolf	author	Derek Benz
The Rise of the Black Wolf	author	J. S. Lewis
This Day All Gods Die	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Forbidden Knowledge	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Lonesome Places	author	August Derleth
A Dark and Hungry God Arises	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Chaos and Order	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Sun of Suns	author	Karl Schroeder
The Real Story	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Prater Violet	author	Christopher Isherwood
Dark Mind, Dark Heart	author	August Derleth
Commentary on Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid	author	Jimmy Carter
Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid	author	Jimmy Carter
The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language	author	Rodney Huddleston
The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language	author	Geoffrey K. Pullum
CLUTCH (magazine)	author	Danny Hodge
CLUTCH (magazine)	author	Lawrence Oberc
Pilgrim at Tinker Creek	author	Annie Dillard
The Horror from the Hills	author	Frank Belknap Long
Saint Joan of the Stockyards	author	Bertolt Brecht
Collected Poems (H. P. Lovecraft)	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Autobiography: Some Notes on a Nonentity	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Tales of the Black Widowers	author	Isaac Asimov
100 Books by August Derleth	author	August Derleth
Who Fears the Devil?	author	Manly Wade Wellman
Passage to Juneau: A Sea and Its Meanings	author	Jonathan Raban
Test of the Twins	author	Margaret Weis
Blood Lines (Eileen Wilks)	author	Eileen Wilks
Mortal Danger	author	Eileen Wilks
Tempting Danger	author	Eileen Wilks
Night Season	author	Eileen Wilks
Chowder (TV series)	author	C. H. Greenblatt
Objectivity and Liberal Scholarship	author	Noam Chomsky
American Power and the New Mandarins	author	Noam Chomsky
Cry for Us All	author	William Alfred
Cry for Us All	author	Albert Marre
A Rebel Life: Murder by the Rich	author	Peter Kalafatis
Mr. George and Other Odd Persons	author	August Derleth
The Dark Man and Others	author	Robert E. Howard
Shangri-La (musical)	author	James Hilton
Shangri-La (musical)	author	Jerome Lawrence
Shangri-La (musical)	author	Robert Edwin Lee
Los Hombres De Negro y los OVNI	author	Fabio Zerpa
The Inhabitant of the Lake and Less Welcome Tenants	author	Ramsey Campbell
Poems for Midnight	author	Donald Wandrei
Starquake (novel)	author	Robert L. Forward
Over the Edge (anthology)	author	August Derleth
The Second Generation	author	Margaret Weis
The Second Generation	author	Tracy Hickman
The Black Tower	author	P. D. James
Letters from Wolfie	author	Patti Sherlock
Duel in the Sun (book)	author	John Brant (sportswriter)
Portraits in Moonlight	author	Carl Richard Jacobi
Nightmare Need	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
Actors' Analects	author	Sugi Kuhee
Actors' Analects	author	Tominaga Heibee
Actors' Analects	author	Fukuoka Yagoshirō
Actors' Analects	author	Kaneko Kichizaemon
Tales of Science and Sorcery	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft I (1911–1924)	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Poems in Prose	author	Clark Ashton Smith
The Long Winter (novel)	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Two Gentlemen of Verona (musical)	author	John Guare
Two Gentlemen of Verona (musical)	author	Mel Shapiro
The Quick and the Dead (collection)	author	Vincent Starrett
The Card (musical)	author	Keith Waterhouse
The Card (musical)	author	Willis Hall
Something Breathing	author	Stanley McNail
Strange Harvest	author	Donald Wandrei
Rivalry and Tribute: Society and Ritual in a Telugu village in South India	author	Bruce Elliot Tapper
The Dark Brotherhood and Other Pieces	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Colonel Markesan and Less Pleasant People	author	August Derleth
Colonel Markesan and Less Pleasant People	author	Mark Schorer
Adventures of the Scarlet Pimpernel	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Black Medicine	author	Arthur J. Burks
Deep Waters (book)	author	William Hope Hodgson
Travellers by Night	author	August Derleth
The Mind Parasites	author	Colin Wilson
Three Tales of Horror	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Strange Gateways	author	E. Hoffmann Price
The Green Round	author	Arthur Machen
Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft II (1925–1929)	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Small Vices	author	Robert B. Parker
Wikiseek	author	SearchMe
Bravo Giovanni	author	A. J. Russell
Garden State (novel)	author	Rick Moody
Fanny (musical)	author	S. N. Behrman
Fanny (musical)	author	Joshua Logan
Cry of Morning	author	Brian Cleeve
The Kindly Ones (Littell novel)	author	Jonathan Littell
The Secrets of Vesuvius	author	Caroline Lawrence
Aladdin (musical)	author	Sandy Wilson
Ampache	author	Karl Vollmer
Lammas Night	author	Katherine Kurtz
The Dark (McGahern novel)	author	John McGahern
Nightmares and Daydreams	author	Nelson S. Bond
Memoir (John McGahern book)	author	John McGahern
Howstuffismade	author	Natalie Jeremijenko
The Cage (Abraham book)	author	Tom Abraham
The Folsom Flint and Other Curious Tales	author	David H. Keller
Thirty Years of Arkham House, 1939–69: A History and Bibliography	author	August Derleth
Broken Glass (play)	author	Arthur Miller
Other Dimensions	author	Clark Ashton Smith
In Times Like These	author	Zee Edgell
Pins and Needles	author	Arthur Arent
Pins and Needles	author	Marc Blitzstein
Pins and Needles	author	Emmanuel Eisenberg
Pins and Needles	author	Charles Friedman
Pins and Needles	author	David Gregory (writer)
Pins and Needles	author	Joseph Schrank
Pins and Needles	author	Arnold B. Horwitt
Pins and Needles	author	John La Touche (musician)
Pins and Needles	author	Harold Rome
Thunder Point	author	Jack Higgins
Wish You Were Here (musical)	author	Arthur Kober
Wish You Were Here (musical)	author	Joshua Logan
The Far Hills	author	Brian Cleeve
Selected Poems (C. A. Smith)	author	Clark Ashton Smith
The Face in the Mirror	author	Denys Val Baker
Eight Tales	author	Walter de la Mare
Halfway Human	author	Carolyn Ives Gilman
Dark Things	author	August Derleth
Name It and Frame It?	author	Steve Levicoff
Songs and Sonnets Atlantean	author	Donald Sidney-Fryer
Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft III (1929–1931)	author	H. P. Lovecraft
A Short History of a Small Place	author	T. R. Pearson
The Caller of the Black	author	Brian Lumley
The Arkham Collector: Volume I	author	August Derleth
Disclosures in Scarlet	author	Carl Richard Jacobi
The Rim of the Unknown	author	Frank Belknap Long
Demons by Daylight	author	Ramsey Campbell
From Evil's Pillow	author	Basil Copper
Stories of Darkness and Dread	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
Breakpoint (novel)	author	Richard A. Clarke
Beneath the Moors	author	Brian Lumley
The World of Karl Pilkington	author	Karl Pilkington
The World of Karl Pilkington	author	Stephen Merchant
Collected Ghost Stories	author	Mary Eleanor Wilkins Freeman
The Watchers Out of Time and Others	author	H. P. Lovecraft
The Watchers Out of Time and Others	author	August Derleth
Howard Phillips Lovecraft: Dreamer on the Nightside	author	Frank Belknap Long
Sharpe's Christmas (story collection)	author	Bernard Cornwell
Xélucha and Others	author	M. P. Shiel
Harrigan's File	author	August Derleth
The House of the Worm	author	Gary Myers (writer)
The Lord of the Rings: A Reader's Companion	author	Wayne Hammond
The Lord of the Rings: A Reader's Companion	author	Christina Scull
The Blind	author	Maurice Maeterlinck
Nameless Places	author	Gerald W. Page
The Purcell Papers (1975 book)	author	Sheridan Le Fanu
Dreams from R'lyeh	author	Lin Carter
Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft IV (1932–1934)	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft V (1934–1937)	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Dwellers in Darkness	author	August Derleth
The Height of the Scream	author	Ramsey Campbell
Fiela's Child	author	Dalene Matthee
Kecksies and Other Twilight Tales	author	Marjorie Bowen
And Afterward, the Dark	author	Basil Copper
American Fascists: The Christian Right and the War on America	author	Chris Hedges
The Horror at Oakdeene and Others	author	Brian Lumley
In Mayan Splendor	author	Frank Belknap Long
Born to Exile	author	Phyllis Eisenstein
What Is Mathematics?	author	Richard Courant
What Is Mathematics?	author	Herbert Robbins
Vigilant (novel)	author	James Alan Gardner
Half in Shadow	author	Mary Elizabeth Counselman
In the Mist and Other Uncanny Encounters	author	Elizabeth Walter
The Princess of All Lands	author	Russell Kirk
Acemi Cadı	author	Haluk Özenç
Kean (musical)	author	Peter Stone
The Deluge Drivers	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Confessions of Mycroft Holmes: a paper chase	author	Marcel Theroux
Pure Drivel	author	Steve Martin
The Black Book of Clark Ashton Smith	author	Clark Ashton Smith
The Unbeheaded King	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Necropolis (1980 novel)	author	Basil Copper
Redemption (1999 novel)	author	Howard Fast
The Third Grave	author	David F. Case
Kai Lung Unrolls His Mat	author	Ernest Bramah
The Tudors	author	Michael Hirst (writer)
Why Paint Cats	author	Burton Silver
Diary of a Mad Black Woman (play)	author	Tyler Perry
I Know I've Been Changed	author	Tyler Perry
Sacred Games (novel)	author	Vikram Chandra
Peace Is Possible	author	S. Daniel Abraham
Peace Is Possible	author	Bill Clinton
Lend Me a Tenor	author	Ken Ludwig
Old Witch Boneyleg	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
General Relativity (book)	author	Robert Wald
Collected Poems (Richard L. Tierney)	author	Richard L. Tierney
Harry and the Wrinklies (TV series)	author	Alan Temperley
Tales from the Nightside	author	Charles L. Grant
The Brimstone Wedding	author	Ruth Rendell
Secrets Every Smart Traveler Should Know	author	Stan Freeman
No Night Is Too Long (novel)	author	Ruth Rendell
Asta's Book	author	Ruth Rendell
Gallowglass (novel)	author	Ruth Rendell
Blooded on Arachne	author	Michael Bishop (author)
A Dark-Adapted Eye	author	Ruth Rendell
The Darkling	author	David Kesterton
The Centurion's Empire	author	Sean McMullen
Glass Dragons	author	Sean McMullen
Voidfarer	author	Sean McMullen
The Miocene Arrow	author	Sean McMullen
Eyes of the Calculor	author	Sean McMullen
The Solar Pons Omnibus	author	August Derleth
The Law (1850 book)	author	Frédéric Bastiat
Henry VIII (TV serial)	author	Peter Morgan
Make Love! The Bruce Campbell Way	author	Bruce Campbell
The House of the Wolf	author	Basil Copper
The Wind from a Burning Woman	author	Greg Bear
Skärgårdsdoktorn	author	Lars Bill Lundholm
Skärgårdsdoktorn	author	Gunilla Linn Persson
One Winter in Eden	author	Michael Bishop (author)
Watchers at the Strait Gate	author	Russell Kirk
Who Made Stevie Crye?	author	Michael Bishop (author)
Lovecraft's Book	author	Richard A. Lupoff
The New Believers	author	David V. Barrett
Dreams of Dark and Light: The Great Short Fiction of Tanith Lee	author	Tanith Lee
Thrice Upon a Time	author	James P. Hogan
Tales of the Quintana Roo	author	James Tiptree, Jr.
Lafcadio: The Lion Who Shot Back	author	Shel Silverstein
The Good Guy	author	Dean Koontz
The Jaguar Hunter	author	Lucius Shepard
Game Wars	author	Marc Reisner
Polyphemus (book)	author	Michael Shea
A Rendezvous in Averoigne	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Memories of the Space Age	author	J. G. Ballard
Crystal Express	author	Bruce Sterling
The Ends of the Earth	author	Lucius Shepard
The Penny Friend	author	William Roy
Lab Rats	author	Chris Addison
Lab Rats	author	Carl Cooper (writer)
Backup (TV series)	author	Nigel McCrery
Backup (TV series)	author	Roy Mitchell
Man vs Beast	author	Robert Muchamore
The Innocent (novel)	author	Ian McEwan
Utz (novel)	author	Bruce Chatwin
The Last Place on Earth	author	Trevor Griffiths
What Am I Doing Here?	author	Bruce Chatwin
Gravity's Angels	author	Michael Swanwick
The Holy Sinner	author	Thomas Mann
Lord Kelvin's Machine	author	James Blaylock
Special Assignments	author	Boris Akunin
Meeting in Infinity	author	John Kessel
Elegies for Angels, Punks and Raging Queens	author	Bill Russell (lyricist)
Alone with the Horrors: The Great Short Fiction of Ramsey Campbell 1961–1991	author	Ramsey Campbell
The Aliens of Earth	author	Nancy Kress
The Higher Power of Lucky	author	Susan Patron
Flotsam (book)	author	David Wiesner
The Hatchet (novel)	author	Mihail Sadoveanu
The Breath of Suspension	author	Alexander Jablokov
70, Girls, 70	author	Fred Ebb
Miscellaneous Writings	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Synthesis & Other Virtual Realities	author	Mary Rosenblum
Voyages by Starlight	author	Ian R. MacLeod
Flowers from the Moon and Other Lunacies	author	Robert Bloch
Flight of the Old Dog	author	Dale Brown
By the North Gate	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Falling Torch	author	Algis Budrys
Across Five Aprils	author	Irene Hunt
Man of Earth	author	Algis Budrys
Lovecraft Remembered	author	Peter Cannon
New Horizons (book)	author	August Derleth
Dragonfly (Durbin novel)	author	Frederic S. Durbin
Sixty Years of Arkham House	author	S. T. Joshi
In the Stone House	author	Barry N. Malzberg
Tolkien: A Look Behind "The Lord of the Rings"	author	Lin Carter
My Losing Season	author	Pat Conroy
Amen Corner (novel)	author	Rick Shefchik
Winding Paths	author	Bruce Chatwin
Photographs and Notebooks	author	Bruce Chatwin
Anatomy of Restlessness	author	Bruce Chatwin
And the World Goes 'Round	author	Revue
Arkham's Masters of Horror	author	Peter Ruber
The Book of General Ignorance	author	John Lloyd (writer)
The Book of General Ignorance	author	John Mitchinson
Santiago: a Myth of the Far Future	author	Mike Resnick
The Puppet Designer	author	Nicholas Lens
Zulu Heart	author	Steven Barnes
Tutunamayanlar	author	Oğuz Atay
The Great Pyramid Robbery	author	Katherine Roberts
Half-Life 2: Raising the Bar	author	Valve Corporation
The Complete Guide to Prehistoric Life	author	Tim Haines
The Long Tomorrow (novel)	author	Leigh Brackett
Boyhood: Scenes from Provincial Life	author	J. M. Coetzee
Down There on a Visit	author	Christopher Isherwood
Book of the Dead (memoir)	author	E. Hoffmann Price
The Far Side of Nowhere	author	Nelson S. Bond
The Cleansing (novel)	author	John D. Harvey
Selected Letters of Clark Ashton Smith	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Cave of a Thousand Tales	author	Milt Thomas
CNR (software)	author	Linspire
The Babylon Game	author	Katherine Roberts
Vocabulario manual de las lenguas castellana y mexicana	author	Pedro de Arenas
All Quiet on the Preston Front	author	Tim Firth
The Dawkins Delusion?	author	Alister McGrath
Gizmodo	author	Peter Rojas
The Visit (musical)	author	Terrence McNally
The Amazon Temple Quest	author	Katherine Roberts
The Mausoleum Murder	author	Katherine Roberts
The Olympic Conspiracy	author	Katherine Roberts
The Colossus Crisis	author	Katherine Roberts
The Cleopatra Curse	author	Katherine Roberts
Spellfall	author	Katherine Roberts
I am the Great Horse	author	Katherine Roberts
Problem at Pollensa Bay and Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
While the Light Lasts and Other Stories	author	Agatha Christie
The Jane Austen Book Club	author	Karen Joy Fowler
Time Cat: The Remarkable Journeys of Jason and Gareth	author	Lloyd Alexander
Stones in His Pockets	author	Marie Jones
Masters of the Wild	author	Mike Selinker
Song and Silence	author	Jason Carl
A Struggle for Rome	author	Felix Dahn
Imperial Life in the Emerald City	author	Rajiv Chandrasekaran
Our Country's Good	author	Timberlake Wertenbaker
Judith (novel)	author	Brian Cleeve
Life 102 (book)	author	Peter McWilliams
The Separation (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Memories of the Irish-Israeli War	author	Philomena Muinzer
Die Feuerzangenbowle	author	Heinrich Spoerl
In Re: Sherlock Holmes	author	August Derleth
Bonjour paresse	author	Corinne Maier
Carnacki, the Ghost-Finder	author	William Hope Hodgson
The Eugenics Wars: The Rise and Fall of Khan Noonien Singh	author	Greg Cox (writer)
House of Sand and Fog (novel)	author	Andre Dubus III
The Memoirs of Solar Pons	author	August Derleth
Three Problems for Solar Pons	author	August Derleth
The Return of Solar Pons	author	August Derleth
The Cat Who Could Read Backwards	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
The Cat Who Ate Danish Modern	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
The Catalogue of the Universe	author	Margaret Mahy
The Man Within	author	Graham Greene
The Reminiscences of Solar Pons	author	August Derleth
The Casebook of Solar Pons	author	August Derleth
Bacchides (play)	author	Plautus
Mega Man (TV series)	author	Keiji Inafune
The Sea Hunters: True Adventures With Famous Shipwrecks	author	Clive Cussler
Don't Bother Me, I Can't Cope	author	Revue
The Gruffalo's Child	author	Julia Donaldson
The Sea Hunters II: Diving the World's Seas for Famous Shipwrecks	author	Clive Cussler
The Princess Diaries, Volume III: Princess in Love	author	Meg Cabot
All About Us (musical)	author	Joseph Stein
Stormblade (Dragonlance novel)	author	Nancy Varian Berberick
The Phantom-Fighter	author	Seabury Quinn
The Red Fighter Pilot	author	Manfred von Richthofen
Grab Hands and Run	author	Frances Temple
Love (Toni Morrison novel)	author	Toni Morrison
The Goa Inquisition (book)	author	Anant Priolkar
Naked Economics: Undressing the Dismal Science	author	Charles Wheelan
The Doom Brigade	author	Don Perrin
The Doom Brigade	author	Margaret Weis
Veoh	author	Ted Dunning
Darkest Hour (Andrews novel)	author	V. C. Andrews
Reading Like a Writer	author	Francine Prose
Deathrealms	author	Stephen Mark Rainey
Plan B 2.0: Rescuing a Planet Under Stress and a Civilization in Trouble	author	Lester R. Brown
Animals of the Bible	author	Text compiled by Helen Dean Fish
Mei Li	author	Thomas Handforth
Abraham Lincoln (Parin d'Aulaire book)	author	Ingri and Edgar Parin d'Aulaire
The Rooster Crows	author	Maud and Miska Petersham
The Big Snow	author	Berta and Elmer Hader
White Snow, Bright Snow	author	Alvin Tresselt
Song of the Swallows	author	Leo Politi
Finders Keepers (book)	author	William Lipkind
Madeline's Rescue	author	Ludwig Bemelmans
Cinderella, or the Little Glass Slipper	author	Marcia Brown
Frog Went A-Courtin' (book)	author	John Langstaff
Nine Days to Christmas	author	Marie Hall Ets
Nine Days to Christmas	author	Aurora Labastida
Baboushka and the Three Kings	author	Ruth Robbins
Once a Mouse	author	Marcia Brown
A Story a Story	author	Gail E. Haley
The Funny Little Woman	author	Arlene Mosel
One Fine Day (book)	author	Nonny Hogrogian
Duffy and the Devil	author	Margot Zemach
The Ramsay Scallop	author	Frances Temple
Noah's Ark (book)	author	Peter Spier
The Girl Who Loved Wild Horses	author	Paul Goble
Fables (book)	author	Arnold Lobel
Shadow (Marcia Brown book)	author	Blaise Cendrars
The Glorious Flight: Across the Channel with Louis Bleriot	author	Alice and Martin Provensen
Saint George and the Dragon (book)	author	Margaret Hodges
Hey, Al	author	Arthur Yorinks
Black and White (book)	author	David Macaulay
Lon Po Po: A Red-Riding Hood Story from China	author	Ed Young (illustrator)
Tuesday (book)	author	David Wiesner
Grandfather's Journey	author	Allen Say
Rapunzel (book)	author	Brothers Grimm
Snowflake Bentley (book)	author	Jacqueline Briggs Martin
The Three Pigs	author	David Wiesner
My Friend Rabbit	author	Eric Rohmann
Body Alchemy: Transsexual Portraits	author	Loren Cameron
Great Expectations (1989 TV miniseries)	author	Charles Dickens
Great Expectations (1989 TV miniseries)	author	John Goldsmith
The Barnum Museum	author	Steven Millhauser
The Beasts of Tarzan	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Son of Tarzan	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Jungle Tales of Tarzan	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan the Terrible	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Golden Lion	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan, Lord of the Jungle (novel)	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Lost Empire	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan at the Earth's Core	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan the Invincible	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the City of Gold	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Lion Man	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan Triumphant	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Leopard Men	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan's Quest	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Forbidden City	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan the Magnificent (novel)	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Foreign Legion	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Madman	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan and the Castaways	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Dungeonscape	author	Jason Bulmahn
Dungeonscape	author	Rich Burlew
The Ice House (novel)	author	Minette Walters
Messiah (novel)	author	Boris Starling
Tommy Storm	author	A.J. Healy
When Hitler Stole Pink Rabbit	author	Judith Kerr
Big Deal: A Year as a Professional Poker Player	author	Anthony Holden
Bigger Deal: A Year Inside the Poker Boom	author	Anthony Holden
Anna Karenina (musical)	author	Peter Kellogg (writer)
Ribsy	author	Beverly Cleary
The Measure of a Man: A Spiritual Autobiography	author	Sidney Poitier
Fatherland (novel)	author	Robert Harris (novelist)
They Shoot Horses, Don't They? (novel)	author	Horace McCoy
The Phantom Public	author	Walter Lippmann
Yahoo! Sports	author	Yahoo!
Brownstone (musical)	author	Josh Rubins
Brownstone (musical)	author	Andrew Cadiff
Corridor (collection)	author	Alfian Sa'at
54 (novel)	author	Wu Ming
Europa (web portal)	author	Directorate-General Communication (European Commission)
Europa (web portal)	author	Publications Office of the European Union
Cut (novel)	author	Patricia McCormick (author)
Sword and Fist	author	Jason Carl
Tread Softly in This Place	author	Brian Cleeve
The Scold's Bridle	author	Minette Walters
The Dark Room (Walters novel)	author	Minette Walters
The Echo (novel)	author	Minette Walters
The Tinder Box (novella)	author	Minette Walters
The Shape of Snakes	author	Minette Walters
Disordered Minds	author	Minette Walters
The Devil's Feather	author	Minette Walters
Chickenfeed	author	Minette Walters
The Dragon and the George	author	Gordon R. Dickson
The Dragon Knight	author	Gordon R. Dickson
When Prophecy Fails	author	Leon Festinger
When Prophecy Fails	author	Stanley Schachter
The 6th Target	author	James Patterson
The 6th Target	author	Maxine Paetro
Everyone Worth Knowing	author	Lauren Weisberger
Hussar's Picture Book	author	Pál Kelemen
I Know What You Did Last Wednesday	author	Anthony Horowitz
A Escrava Isaura (novel)	author	Bernardo Guimarães
Menino de engenho	author	José Lins do Rego
Mr. President (musical)	author	Howard Lindsay
Mr. President (musical)	author	Russel Crouse
The Boy (TV series)	author	Norman LeBlanc
Daughters of Digital Alchemy	author	Jason Beam
The Paper Bag Princess	author	Robert Munsch
Been Down So Long It Looks Like Up to Me	author	Richard Fariña
The Driver's Seat (novel)	author	Muriel Spark
Adventure Time	author	Pendleton Ward
Adventure Time	author	Merriwether Williams
Adventure Time	author	Steve Little (actor)
Adventure Time	author	Thurop Van Orman
The Fairy Godmother	author	Mercedes Lackey
Revolution in the Head: The Beatles' Records and the Sixties	author	Ian MacDonald
Time Travelers Quartet	author	Caroline B. Cooney
Affinity (novel)	author	Sarah Waters
Lover (novel)	author	Bertha Harris
The Three Witch Maidens	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
A Praed Street Dossier	author	August Derleth
Coroner's Pidgin	author	Margery Allingham
More Work for the Undertaker	author	Margery Allingham
The Tiger in the Smoke	author	Margery Allingham
The Beckoning Lady	author	Margery Allingham
Metroland (novel)	author	Julian Barnes
The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing, Traitor to the Nation, Volume I: The Pox Party	author	Matthew Tobin Anderson
LinkedIn Answers	author	LinkedIn
The Night Watch (Waters novel)	author	Sarah Waters
By Jupiter	author	Lorenz Hart
By Jupiter	author	Richard Rodgers
Grotesque (novel)	author	Natsuo Kirino
A Perfect Night to Go to China	author	David Gilmour (writer)
The History of The Hobbit	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The King of Attolia	author	Megan Whalen Turner
Sons (novel)	author	Pearl S. Buck
A House Divided (novel)	author	Pearl S. Buck
The Naked Brothers Band (TV series)	author	Polly Draper
The Naked Brothers Band (TV series)	author	Will McRobb and Chris Viscardi
The In-Between World of Vikram Lall	author	M. G. Vassanji
All That Matters (novel)	author	Wayson Choy
The Englishman's Boy	author	Guy Vanderhaeghe
The Exploits of Chevalier Dupin	author	Michael Harrison (writer)
Wisconsin Murders	author	August Derleth
Fall from Grace (novel)	author	Andrew Greeley
Generation Kill	author	Evan Wright
Crooked Little Vein	author	Warren Ellis
The Adventure of the Unique Dickensians	author	August Derleth
Keeper (novel)	author	Mal Peet
Mr. Fairlie's Final Journey	author	August Derleth
La Anam (novel)	author	Ihsan Abdel Quddous
Tamar (novel)	author	Mal Peet
The Penalty (novel)	author	Mal Peet
Number Seven, Queer Street	author	Margery Lawrence
Carnival in Flanders (musical)	author	Preston Sturges
The Chronicles of Solar Pons	author	August Derleth
Letters of Insurgents	author	Fredy Perlman
Nicolette (novel)	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Prince Zaleski and Cummings King Monk	author	M. P. Shiel
Skin o' My Tooth	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
The Final Adventures of Solar Pons	author	August Derleth
The Case of Miss Elliot	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
The Divine Folly	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
God and the New Physics	author	Paul Davies
In Lovecraft's Shadow	author	August Derleth
The Old Man in the Corner	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
The Original Text Solar Pons Omnibus Edition	author	August Derleth
Kitty Norville	author	Carrie Vaughn
Kitty Norville  Kitty Goes to Washington   1	author	Carrie Vaughn
Kitty Norville  Kitty Takes a Holiday   1	author	Carrie Vaughn
Kitty Norville  Kitty and the Silver Bullet   1	author	Carrie Vaughn
Kitty Norville  Kitty and the Dead Man's Hand   1	author	Carrie Vaughn
Kitty Norville  Kitty Raises Hell   1	author	Carrie Vaughn
Kitty Norville  Kitty's House of Horrors   1	author	Carrie Vaughn
Kitty Norville  Kitty Goes to War   1	author	Carrie Vaughn
Kitty Norville  Kitty's Big Trouble   1	author	Carrie Vaughn
Kitty Norville  Kitty's Greatest Hits   1	author	Carrie Vaughn
The Art of Fiction: A Guide for Writers and Readers	author	Ayn Rand
Fairest	author	Gail Carson Levine
The Public and its Problems	author	John Dewey
Sharra's Exile	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Dean's December	author	Saul Bellow
A Theft	author	Saul Bellow
The Bellarosa Connection	author	Saul Bellow
The Actual (novel)	author	Saul Bellow
Lovely Ladies, Kind Gentlemen	author	John Patrick (dramatist)
Zuckerman Unbound	author	Philip Roth
Book of Challenges	author	Daniel Kaufman
Book of Challenges	author	Gwendolyn Kestrel
Book of Challenges	author	Mike Selinker
Book of Challenges	author	Skip Williams
Beezus and Ramona	author	Beverly Cleary
The Anatomy Lesson (1983 novel)	author	Philip Roth
Five Guys Named Moe	author	Clarke Peters
Tales from Moominvalley	author	Tove Jansson
Moominpappa at Sea	author	Tove Jansson
Moominvalley in November	author	Tove Jansson
The Dangerous Journey	author	Tove Jansson
Brazil (novel)	author	John Updike
The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane	author	Kate DiCamillo
Gallows Thief	author	Bernard Cornwell
In the Grip of Winter	author	Colin Dann
Life Together	author	Dietrich Bonhoeffer
An Acquaintance with Darkness	author	Ann Rinaldi
Cast Two Shadows	author	Ann Rinaldi
A Ride into Morning	author	Ann Rinaldi
Recording The Beatles	author	Brian Kehew
The Book about Moomin, Mymble and Little My	author	Tove Jansson
The Talk of the Town (novel)	author	Ardal O'Hanlon
Among the Believers: An Islamic Journey	author	V. S. Naipaul
Hurricane Punch	author	Tim Dorsey
Email to the Universe	author	Robert Anton Wilson
The Dangerous Transmission	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Life Studies	author	Robert Lowell
Sellaband	author	Johan Vosmeijer
Sellaband	author	Dagmar Heijmans
The Mills of The Kavanaughs	author	Robert Lowell
Lord Weary's Castle	author	Robert Lowell
Gutenberg! The Musical!	author	Scott Brown
Gutenberg! The Musical!	author	Anthony King
The Tale of Two Bad Mice	author	Beatrix Potter
The Story of Miss Moppet	author	Beatrix Potter
Festivals (1973 book)	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Marketing Nutrition	author	Brian Wansink
The American Century: Varieties of Culture in Modern Times	author	Norman Cantor
Twilight in the Forbidden City	author	Reginald Johnston
Latin Wikipedia	author	Jimmy Wales
Who Will Comfort Toffle?	author	Tove Jansson
Cold Tom	author	Sally Prue
Martyn Pig	author	Kevin Brooks (writer)
The Constant Princess	author	Philippa Gregory
Peter and the Secret of Rundoon	author	Dave Barry
Peter and the Secret of Rundoon	author	Ridley Pearson
Dreamland: A Self-Help Manual for a Frightened Nation	author	Andri Snær Magnason
Dreamland: A Self-Help Manual for a Frightened Nation  Dreamland - A Self-Help Manual for a Frightened Na  1	author	Andri Snær Magnason
One China, Many Paths	author	Chaohua Wang
The Omnivore's Dilemma	author	Michael Pollan
Make a Wish (musical)	author	Preston Sturges
Make a Wish (musical)	author	Abe Burrows
Dumbing Us Down	author	John Taylor Gatto
Stellar Ships	author	Ivan Yefremov
USA/From Where We Stand	author	Leo Ryan
The Odessa Tales	author	Isaak Babel
The Sacred Depths of Nature	author	Ursula Goodenough
The Fur	author	Nathan Hobby
Arabian Nights and Days	author	Naguib Mahfouz
A Taste for Death (P. D. James novel)	author	P. D. James
In Evil Hour	author	Gabriel García Márquez
Of Love and Other Demons	author	Gabriel García Márquez
The Abbey (TV series)	author	Morwenna Banks
The Africa House	author	Christina Lamb
The Last Days (novel)	author	Scott Westerfeld
Dreamspeaker	author	Anne Cameron
Dreamspeaker	author	Anne Cameron
North Amerikkkan Blues	author	Evan X Hyde
Miracle at Philadelphia	author	Catherine Drinker Bowen
The Skeptic Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience	author	Michael Shermer
The Skeptic Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience	author	Pat Linse
Undead and Unwed	author	MaryJanice Davidson
Undead and Unemployed	author	MaryJanice Davidson
Undead and Unappreciated	author	MaryJanice Davidson
Undead and Unreturnable	author	MaryJanice Davidson
Undead and Unpopular	author	MaryJanice Davidson
Undead and Uneasy	author	MaryJanice Davidson
Jennifer Scales and the Ancient Furnace	author	MaryJanice Davidson
Jennifer Scales and the Ancient Furnace	author	Anthony Alongi
A Cage of Butterflies	author	Brian Caswell
The Girl Next Door (novel)	author	Jack Ketchum
Mr. Merlin	author	Larry Rosen (producer)
Caligula (musical)	author	Eric Svejcar
Don't Go Near the Water (novel)	author	William Brinkley
Ratking (novel)	author	Michael Dibdin
Vendetta (novel)	author	Michael Dibdin
Cabal (Dibdin novel)	author	Michael Dibdin
Dead Lagoon	author	Michael Dibdin
Cosi Fan Tutti	author	Michael Dibdin
A Long Finish	author	Michael Dibdin
Blood Rain (novel)	author	Michael Dibdin
And Then You Die	author	Michael Dibdin
Medusa (novel)	author	Michael Dibdin
Back to Bologna	author	Michael Dibdin
The Tale of Timmy Tiptoes	author	Beatrix Potter
Mister Tinker in Oz	author	James Howe
Vision Quest (novel)	author	Terry Davis (author)
Dead and Loving It	author	MaryJanice Davidson
The Royal Mess	author	MaryJanice Davidson
The Royal Treatment (novel)	author	MaryJanice Davidson
The Royal Pain	author	MaryJanice Davidson
Derik's Bane	author	MaryJanice Davidson
The Boo (book)	author	Pat Conroy
Milkweed (novel)	author	Jerry Spinelli
Ray Lynch Anthology	author	Ray Lynch
The God Beneath the Sea	author	Leon Garfield
The God Beneath the Sea	author	Edward Blishen
Year of Wonders	author	Geraldine Brooks (writer)
Tainaron (novel)	author	Leena Krohn
The Story of a Fierce Bad Rabbit	author	Beatrix Potter
Gay.com	author	PlanetOut Inc.
The O'Reilly Factor for Kids	author	Bill O'Reilly (political commentator)
Beasts (novella)	author	Joyce Carol Oates
If Rock & Roll Were a Machine	author	Terry Davis (author)
Party Going (novel)	author	Henry Green
Break No Bones (novel)	author	Kathy Reichs
The Betrayal of Bindy Mackenzie	author	Jaclyn Moriarty
Blackwater: The Rise of the World's Most Powerful Mercenary Army	author	Jeremy Scahill
Attentatet i Pålsjö skog	author	Hans Alfredson
The Hammer of Eden	author	Ken Follett
The Ultimate Resource	author	Julian Simon
Lola Rose	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Appley Dapply's Nursery Rhymes	author	Beatrix Potter
Cecily Parsley's Nursery Rhymes	author	Beatrix Potter
The Last September	author	Elizabeth Bowen
Double Act (novel)	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Vicky Angel	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Clean Break (novel)	author	Jacqueline Wilson
The Magic School Bus In the Time of the Dinosaurs	author	Joanna Cole
A New Life (novel)	author	Bernard Malamud
Extras (novel)	author	Scott Westerfeld
AfterEllen.com and AfterElton.com	author	Sarah Warn
AfterEllen.com and AfterElton.com  AfterElton   1	author	Sarah Warn
Heartland (Australian TV series)	author	John Cundill
Heartland (Australian TV series)	author	Ernie Dingo
Elsewhere (Zevin novel)	author	Gabrielle Zevin
The Six Sacred Stones	author	Matthew Reilly
The Bachelors (novel)	author	Muriel Spark
Beggar's Holiday	author	John La Touche (musician)
Indulekha	author	Oyyarathu Chandu Menon
1824: The Arkansas War	author	Eric Flint
Infernal Devices (novel)	author	K. W. Jeter
The Playmaker	author	Thomas Keneally
Beautiful and Damned	author	Kit Hesketh Harvey
Planet Simpson	author	Chris Turner (author)
The Pirates of Pompeii	author	Caroline Lawrence
I, Keano	author	Arthur Mathews (writer)
I, Keano	author	Michael Nugent
Past Present    1	author	Clannad
The Jupiter Theft	author	Donald Moffitt
Cien Sonetos de Amor	author	Pablo Neruda
Spell Wars	author	Katherine Roberts
Garden of the Purple Dragon	author	Carole Wilkinson
A Breed of Heroes	author	Alan Judd
Disciplined Minds	author	Jeff Schmidt (writer)
Gone Too Far!	author	Bola Agbaje
Leader of the Pack (musical)	author	Anne Beatts
City on Fire (novel)	author	Walter Jon Williams
Beowulf and the Critics	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Beowulf and the Critics	author	Michael D. C. Drout
Tarzan: The Lost Adventure	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Tarzan: The Lost Adventure	author	Joe R. Lansdale
Tarzan and the Tarzan Twins	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
World of Warcraft: Tides of Darkness	author	Aaron S. Rosenberg
Sticks and Bones	author	David Rabe
Face the Music (musical)	author	Moss Hart
Who Put That Hair in My Toothbrush?	author	Jerry Spinelli
The Dark Arena	author	Mario Puzo
Black Fox of Lorne	author	Marguerite de Angeli
Long Way Down	author	Ewan McGregor
Long Way Down	author	Charley Boorman
The Battle of Evernight	author	Cecilia Dart-Thornton
Fire, Bed, and Bone	author	Henrietta Branf=
Gods and Pawns	author	Kage Baker
River of Gods	author	Ian McDonald (British author)
Burn It	author	Matt Greenhalgh
Degrassi: Generations – The Official 411	author	Kathryn Ellis
Empty Cities of the Full Moon	author	Howard V. Hendrix
Tom Clancy's Op-Center (novel)	author	Jeff Rovin
What's Done in the Dark	author	Tyler Perry
Overcoming Autism	author	Claire Scovell LaZebnik
Overcoming Autism	author	Lynn Koegel
Duty and Desire	author	Pamela Aidan
Kundalatha	author	Appu Nedungadi
Sarada (novel)	author	Oyyarathu Chandu Menon
Sharpe's Honour (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Weather Makers	author	Tim Flannery
Goodtime Charley	author	Sidney Michaels
Floodland (novel)	author	Marcus Sedgwick
Our Crowd	author	Stephen Birmingham
The Wolf Leader	author	Alexandre Dumas
Enemy Coast Ahead	author	Guy Gibson
Hothouse (novel)	author	Brian Aldiss
Divided Kingdom	author	Rupert Thomson
Firewall (Andy McNab novel)	author	Andy McNab
The Art of Fiction (book)	author	David Lodge (author)
20th Century Ghosts	author	Joe Hill (writer)
The Scandal of Scientology	author	Paulette Cooper
A Cold Case	author	Philip Gourevitch
Wild Fermentation (book)	author	Sandor Katz
General Hospital: Night Shift	author	Sri Rao
Murder in the Cassava Patch	author	Bai T. Moore
Black Coffee (play)	author	Agatha Christie
Mr. Wonderful (musical)	author	Joseph Stein
Mr. Wonderful (musical)	author	Will Glickman
Ain't Supposed to Die a Natural Death	author	Melvin Van Peebles
Tom Clancy's Op-Center: Mirror Image	author	Jeff Rovin
Lost City Radio	author	Daniel Alarcón
A Murder in Virginia: Southern Justice on Trial	author	Suzanne Lebsock
Three Times Carlin: An Orgy of George	author	George Carlin
The Looking-Glass	author	William March
Summer Crossing	author	Truman Capote
Jennifer Scales and the Messenger of Light	author	MaryJanice Davidson
Jennifer Scales and the Messenger of Light	author	Anthony Alongi
A Good Clean Fight	author	Derek Robinson (novelist)
Trial Balance: The Collected Short Stories of William March	author	William March
Besame Mucho El Musical	author	Consuelo Garrido, Lorena Maza & Victor Weinstock
Picnic, Lightning	author	Billy Collins
The Turbulent Term of Tyke Tiler	author	Gene Kemp
Math Curse	author	Jon Scieszka
Math Curse	author	Lane Smith (illustrator)
Science Verse	author	Jon Scieszka
Science Verse	author	Lane Smith (illustrator)
John, Paul, George, and Ben	author	Lane Smith (illustrator)
The Politically Incorrect Guide to Global Warming: (and Environmentalism)	author	Christopher C. Horner
1634: The Bavarian Crisis	author	Virginia DeMarce
1634: The Bavarian Crisis	author	Eric Flint
The Black Corsair	author	Emilio Salgari
The Dinosaur Heresies	author	Robert T. Bakker
Fortune's Rocks (novel)	author	Anita Shreve
Guerrilla Warfare (book)	author	Che Guevara
Wyvernhail	author	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
On Directing Film	author	David Mamet
Wildcat (musical)	author	N. Richard Nash
Dancing in the Streets: A History of Collective Joy	author	Barbara Ehrenreich
Sea Glass	author	Anita Shreve
Sleeping in Flame	author	Jonathan Carroll
Montana 1948	author	Larry Watson
Dream of Fair to Middling Women	author	Samuel Beckett
A Little Green Book of Monster Stories	author	Joe R. Lansdale
Teddy & Alice	author	Jerome Alden
Ambassador (musical)	author	Don Ettlinger
Ambassador (musical)	author	Anna Marie Barlow
Cruel Shoes	author	Steve Martin
Swords of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Future of Socialism	author	Anthony Crosland
Loudspeaker Design Cookbook	author	Vance Dickason
The Secret in the Old Lace	author	Carolyn Keene
The Greek Symbol Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
The Swami's Ring	author	Carolyn Keene
The Kachina Doll Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
The Twin Dilemma (novel)	author	Carolyn Keene
Captive Witness	author	Carolyn Keene
Loudspeaker Recipes: Book 1	author	Vance Dickason
The Case of the Rising Stars	author	Carolyn Keene
Food Lover's Companion	author	Sharon Tyler Herbst
Lean Mean Thirteen	author	Janet Evanovich
Red Holocaust (1986 novel)	author	Laurence James
Neutron Solstice	author	Laurence James
Hollyrock-a-Bye Baby	author	Rich Fogel
Hollyrock-a-Bye Baby	author	Max Seidenberg
Crater Lake (Deathlands novel)	author	Laurence James
Homeward Bound (Deathlands novel)	author	Laurence James
Pony Soldiers	author	Laurence James
The Dream of Rome	author	Boris Johnson
Dectra Chain	author	Laurence James
Lend Me Your Ears	author	Boris Johnson
Ice and Fire	author	Laurence James
Red Equinox	author	Laurence James
Northstar Rising	author	Laurence James
Time Nomads	author	Laurence James
The Digging Leviathan	author	James Blaylock
Hazed	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Faith Healers	author	James Randi
A Long Fatal Love Chase	author	Louisa May Alcott
Life Before Life	author	Jim B. Tucker
Le Contrat de mariage	author	Honoré de Balzac
The Mask of Nostradamus: The Prophecies of the World's Most Famous Seer	author	James Randi
The Truth About Uri Geller	author	James Randi
The Freedom Writers Diary	author	Erin Gruwell
A Melon for Ecstasy	author	John Fortune
A Melon for Ecstasy	author	John Wells (satirist)
Flim-Flam! Psychics, ESP, Unicorns, and Other Delusions	author	James Randi
No Place Like Home (novel)	author	Mary Higgins Clark
One Virgin Too Many	author	Lindsey Davis
The Art of the Metaobject Protocol	author	Gregor Kiczales
The Art of the Metaobject Protocol	author	Jim des Rivieres
The Art of the Metaobject Protocol	author	Daniel G. Bobrow
Ode to a Banker	author	Lindsey Davis
The Accusers	author	Lindsey Davis
Scandal Takes a Holiday	author	Lindsey Davis
The World in the Evening	author	Christopher Isherwood
Lisp in Small Pieces	author	Christian Queinnec
Latitude Zero (Deathlands novel)	author	Laurence James
Dark Carnival (Deathlands novel)	author	Laurence James
A Talent for War	author	Jack McDevitt
Pride of Carthage	author	David Anthony Durham
Gabriel's Story	author	David Anthony Durham
Walk Through Darkness	author	David Anthony Durham
Sarah (Women of Genesis series)	author	Orson Scott Card
Arte de la lengua mexicana (1754 book)	author	Joseph Augustin Aldama y Guevara
In Xanadu	author	William Dalrymple (historian)
Triage (novel)	author	Scott Anderson (novelist)
The Drive of Life	author	Au Koon-ying
Librsvg	author	Raph Levien
Via Galactica	author	Christopher Gore
Via Galactica	author	Judith Joy Ross
Ruth (novel)	author	Elizabeth Gaskell
Acacia: The War with the Mein	author	David Anthony Durham
Dude (musical)	author	Gerome Ragni
The School Story	author	Andrew Clements
The Rats (novel)	author	James Herbert
The Dissertation	author	R. M. Koster
The Fire Within (novel)	author	Chris d'Lacey
Halting State	author	Charles Stross
RDoc	author	Dave Thomas (programmer)
The Firebrand (Kemp novel)	author	Debra A. Kemp
Planeswalker (novel)	author	Lynn Abbey
Bloodlines: The Story of Urza's Destiny	author	Loren L. Coleman
Salomé (telenovela)	author	Marcia del Río
E (novel)	author	Matt Beaumont
Troubles (novel)	author	James Gordon Farrell
Chunauti	author	Ashok Patole
The Tokaido Road (novel)	author	Lucia St. Clair Robson
Frozen (play)	author	Bryony Lavery
Tesco.com	author	Tesco
The Twilight of Atheism	author	Alister McGrath
Clouds Blur the Rainbow	author	Chip Berlet
Jane of Lantern Hill	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Old Angel Midnight	author	Jack Kerouac
The Block (UK TV series)	author	David Barbour
The Block (UK TV series)	author	Julian Cress
Killing Floor (novel)	author	Lee Child
In His Image (novel)	author	James BeauSeigneur
Die Trying (novel)	author	Lee Child
Birth of an Age	author	James BeauSeigneur
Acts of God (novel)	author	James BeauSeigneur
Caesar's Women	author	Colleen McCullough
Dexter in the Dark	author	Jeff Lindsay (writer)
Bambi's Children	author	Felix Salten
The Gathering Dark	author	Jeff Grubb
The Shattered Alliance	author	Jeff Grubb
Jennie	author	Arnold Schulman
Dark Congress (Buffy novel)	author	Christopher Golden
Imperial China: 900–1800	author	Frederick W. Mote
My Life in France	author	Julia Child
Death in Cyprus	author	M. M. Kaye
Camp Runamuck	author	David Swift (director)
Havana Bay (novel)	author	Martin Cruz Smith
Boris: The Rise of Boris Johnson	author	Andrew Gimson
Closer Than Ever	author	Revue
Fool Moon (novel)	author	Jim Butcher
Running Blind (Lee Child novel)	author	Lee Child
Echo Burning	author	Lee Child
Without Fail	author	Lee Child
Persuader (novel)	author	Lee Child
The Enemy (novel)	author	Lee Child
One Shot (novel)	author	Lee Child
The Hard Way (novel)	author	Lee Child
Bad Luck and Trouble	author	Lee Child
Tripwire (novel)	author	Lee Child
If You Liked School You'll Love Work	author	Irvine Welsh
Good Blonde & Others	author	Jack Kerouac
Scattered Poems	author	Jack Kerouac
Side Man	author	Warren Leight
TeX Live	author	TeX#Community
Quilters (musical)	author	Molly Newman
Quilters (musical)	author	Barbara Damashek
Patience and Sarah	author	Alma Routsong
A Very Merry Unauthorized Children's Scientology Pageant	author	Kyle Jarrow
The Master of Tai Chi (TV series)	author	Au Koon Ying
The Master of Tai Chi (TV series)	author	Lee Yee Wah
Friends, Voters, Countrymen	author	Boris Johnson
Mastering the Universe	author	Roger Sweet
The Robber Bridegroom (musical)	author	Alfred Uhry
Hudson Street (TV series)	author	Tom Brady (film director)
Hudson Street (TV series)	author	Randi Mayem Singer
The Man with the Golden Touch	author	Mór Jókai
Here's Where I Belong	author	Alex Gordon (playwright)
Here's Where I Belong	author	Terrence McNally
The Complete Stories of Franz Kafka	author	Franz Kafka
Starry Nights	author	Shobhaa De
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer (musical)	author	Ken Ludwig
The Rough Riders (TV series)	author	Bruce Geller
The Rough Riders (TV series)	author	Samuel A. Peeples
The Prefect	author	Alastair Reynolds
World Without End (Follett novel)	author	Ken Follett
Biko (book)	author	Donald Woods
Fear Itself (Batman novel)	author	Michael Reaves
Fear Itself (Batman novel)	author	Steven-Elliot Altman
Pot-Bouille	author	Émile Zola
Between Two Worlds (Upton Sinclair)	author	Upton Sinclair
María Mercedes (telenovela)	author	Carlos Romero
María Mercedes (telenovela)	author	Vivian Pestalozzi
Winged Pharaoh	author	Joan Grant
The Foundations of Pentecostal Theology	author	Guy P. Duffield
The Little Flying Bears	author	Jean-Pierre Liccioni
Up from Paradise	author	Arthur Miller
Lady Knight	author	Tamora Pierce
Dingo (novel)	author	Octave Mirbeau
Already Dead	author	Charlie Huston
Askville	author	Amazon.com
The Swarm (novel)	author	Frank Schätzing
The Tokyo Zodiac Murders	author	Soji Shimada
As Thousands Cheer	author	Moss Hart
Byzantium Endures	author	Michael Moorcock
The Collected Stories of Katherine Anne Porter	author	Katherine Anne Porter
End Time (novel)	author	G.A. Matiasz
Mr. Sampath – The Printer of Malgudi	author	R. K. Narayan
Transformers Animated	author	Rich Fogel
Transformers Animated	author	Henry Gilroy
Transformers Animated	author	Marty Isenberg
My Son the Fanatic	author	Hanif Kureishi
BBC Jam	author	BBC
The League of Frightened Men	author	Rex Stout
The Hydrofoil Mystery	author	Eric Walters
The Rubber Band	author	Rex Stout
Tamerlane and Other Poems	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The Red Box	author	Rex Stout
Where There's a Will (novel)	author	Rex Stout
Black Orchids	author	Rex Stout
Underneath the Lintel	author	Glen Berger
The Mighty Orinoco	author	Jules Verne
Too Many Women	author	Rex Stout
Hegemony and Socialist Strategy	author	Chantal Mouffe
Hegemony and Socialist Strategy	author	Ernesto Laclau
Trouble in Triplicate	author	Rex Stout
Midnight at the Well of Souls	author	Jack L. Chalker
Kafka Americana	author	Jonathan Lethem
Kafka Americana	author	Carter Scholz
Dark Prince	author	Christine Feehan
And Both Were Young	author	Madeleine L'Engle
The Penal Colony: Stories and Short Pieces	author	Franz Kafka
The Great Wall of China (short story collection)	author	Franz Kafka
Parables and Paradoxes	author	Franz Kafka
Confessor (novel)	author	Terry Goodkind
You Are Responsible!	author	George King (Aetherius Society)
La Plume de Ma Tante	author	Colette Brosset
The Gay Life	author	Fay Kanin
The Gay Life	author	Michael Kanin
Frankenstein's Aunt (novel)	author	Allan Rune Pettersson
Frankenstein's Aunt Returns	author	Allan Rune Pettersson
Exiles at the Well of Souls	author	Jack L. Chalker
Quest for the Well of Souls	author	Jack L. Chalker
Spring Fire	author	Marijane Meaker
The Lonely Londoners	author	Samuel Selvon
Red Nails (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
Empress of the World	author	Sara Ryan
The People of the Black Circle (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
Jonny's Golden Quest	author	Doug Wildey
Down Under (book)	author	Bill Bryson
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn (musical)	author	George Abbott
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn (musical)	author	Betty Smith
Tintypes	author	Mel Marvin
Tintypes	author	Gary Pearle
They Marched into Sunlight	author	David Maraniss
The Raw Shark Texts	author	Steven Hall
Second Chance (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Pimpernel and Rosemary	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Boy Gets Girl	author	Rebecca Gilman
Two's Company (musical)	author	Charles Taylor Sherman
Two's Company (musical)	author	Peter De Vries
The Ugly Swans	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Scientology: The Now Religion	author	George Malko
Thud Ridge	author	Jack Broughton (Air Force officer)
State Fair (musical)	author	Tom Briggs (writer)
State Fair (musical)	author	Louis Mattioli
Middle Age: A Romance	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Tower of Zanid	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Dearest Enemy	author	Herbert Fields
The Girl Friend	author	Herbert Fields
Chill Factor (Deathlands novel)	author	Laurence James
Present Arms (musical)	author	Herbert Fields
Three Doors to Death	author	Rex Stout
Overload (novel)	author	Arthur Hailey
Secrets of a Hollywood Super Madam	author	Jody Gibson
Iran: A People Interrupted	author	Hamid Dabashi
To the Devil — a Diva!	author	Paul Magrs
Cults of Unreason	author	Christopher Evans (computer scientist)
The Able McLaughlins	author	Margaret Wilson (writer)
Light (novel)	author	M. John Harrison
Good-bye, My Lady	author	James H. Street
Romance/Romance	author	Barry Harman
The Emperor's Candlesticks	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
A Son of the People	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
The Nest of the Sparrowhawk	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
The Bronze Eagle	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
The Broken Sword	author	Poul Anderson
Old Hungarian Fairy Tales	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Storm over Laos	author	Sisouk na Champassak
Fiasco (book)	author	Thomas E. Ricks (journalist)
Peggy-Ann	author	Herbert Fields
America's Sweetheart (musical)	author	Herbert Fields
Years of Grace	author	Margaret Ayer Barnes
Religion Inc.	author	Stewart Lamont
Now in November	author	Josephine Johnson
Fablehaven	author	Brandon Mull
Omon Ra	author	Victor Pelevin
These Three Remain	author	Pamela Aidan
Miracle of Forgiveness	author	Spencer W. Kimball
Yoshitsune Senbon Zakura	author	Takeda Izumo II
Yoshitsune Senbon Zakura	author	Miyoshi Shōraku
Yoshitsune Senbon Zakura	author	Namiki Sōsuke
The Mirror of Simple Souls	author	Marguerite Porete
How to Disappear Completely and Never Be Found	author	Doug Richmond
Pollyanna Grows Up	author	Eleanor H. Porter
From A to Z	author	Woody Allen
From A to Z	author	Herbert Farjeon
From A to Z	author	Nina Warner Hook
The Eustace Bros.	author	Ashley Pharoah
The Messenger (Markus Zusak novel)	author	Markus Zusak
Woodsong	author	Gary Paulsen
Natasha and Other Stories	author	David Bezmozgis
Stanley Park (novel)	author	Timothy Taylor (writer)
Curtains for Three	author	Rex Stout
Figments of Reality	author	Jack Cohen (scientist)
Figments of Reality	author	Ian Stewart (mathematician)
Mars (comics)	author	Mark Wheatley (comics)
Moon Fate	author	Laurence James
Fury's Pilgrims	author	Laurence James
Shockscape	author	Laurence James
Deep Empire	author	Laurence James
Cold Asylum	author	Laurence James
Crusades (BBC TV series)	author	Alan Ereira
Ancient Inventions	author	Terry Jones
Ancient Inventions	author	Daniel Percival
Ekattorer Dingulee	author	Jahanara Imam
After Henry (TV series)	author	Simon Brett
Cry of the Newborn	author	James Barclay
A Shout for the Dead	author	James Barclay
The Black Tattoo	author	Sam Enthoven
Twilight Children	author	Laurence James
Rider, Reaper	author	Laurence James
Limit of Vision	author	Linda Nagata
It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life	author	Lance Armstrong
It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life	author	Sally Jenkins
Murder by the Book	author	Rex Stout
The Continent Makers	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Triple Jeopardy	author	Rex Stout
The Scorpion God	author	William Golding
Clonk Clonk	author	William Golding
The Pyramid (Golding)	author	William Golding
Free Fall (Golding)	author	William Golding
A City in Winter	author	Mark Helprin
Too Many Girls (musical)	author	George Marion, Jr.
Too Many Girls (musical)	author	Desi Arnaz
Too Many Girls (musical)	author	Eddie Bracken
Too Many Girls (musical)	author	Richard Kollmar
Too Many Girls (musical)	author	Van Johnson
Too Many Girls (musical)	author	Hal Le Roy
Too Many Girls (musical)	author	Lucille Ball
Too Many Girls (musical)	author	Desi Arnaz
Too Many Girls (musical)	author	Richard Carlson
Too Many Girls (musical)	author	Eddie Bracken
Too Many Girls (musical)	author	Van Johnson
Higher and Higher (musical)	author	Gladys Hurlbut
Higher and Higher (musical)	author	Joshua Logan
The Financial Expert	author	R. K. Narayan
The Book of All Flesh	author	James Lowder
Wren's Quest	author	Sherwood Smith
Wren's War	author	Sherwood Smith
Anne & Gilbert	author	Jeff Hochhauser
Anne & Gilbert	author	Nancy White
Inda	author	Sherwood Smith
Fly by Night (Hardinge novel)	author	Frances Hardinge
The World of Tibetan Buddhism	author	14th Dalai Lama
The World of Tibetan Buddhism	author	Geshe Thupten Jinpa
The Dance of the Voodoo Handbag	author	Robert Rankin
Sisters... No Way	author	Siobhán Parkinson
Rumo and His Miraculous Adventures	author	Walter Moers
Proud Helios	author	Melissa Scott (writer)
Beyond the Deepwoods	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
Beyond the Deepwoods	author	Chris Riddell
Say, Darling	author	Abe Burrows
Say, Darling	author	Marian Bissell
Say, Darling	author	Richard Bissell
Road Wars (novel)	author	Laurence James
Trader Redux	author	Laurence James
Opus 100	author	Isaac Asimov
Introducing Kafka	author	David Zane Mairowitz
Genesis Echo	author	Laurence James
Shadowfall (Deathlands novel)	author	Laurence James
The Heart of the Warrior	author	John Gregory Betancourt
Mercenary from Tomorrow	author	Mack Reynolds
Ceremony (novel)	author	Leslie Marmon Silko
Two on the Aisle	author	Betty Comden
Two on the Aisle	author	Adolph Green
In the Country of Men	author	Hisham Matar
The Metal Monster	author	A. Merritt
Divine Madness (novel)	author	Robert Muchamore
No Dominion	author	Charlie Huston
The Science of Good and Evil	author	Michael Shermer
The Mysterious Benedict Society	author	Trenton Lee Stewart
The Fatal Eggs	author	Mikhail Bulgakov
The Painter of Signs	author	R. K. Narayan
Radiant (novel)	author	James Alan Gardner
Buddies (TV series)	author	Carmen Finestra
Buddies (TV series)	author	Peter Tolan
Buddies (TV series)	author	Matt Williams (producer)
Leven Thumps and the Eyes of the Want	author	Obert Skye
Leven Thumps and the Whispered Secret	author	Obert Skye
I May Be Wrong but I Doubt It	author	Charles Barkley
I May Be Wrong but I Doubt It	author	Michael Wilbon
The Little Prince and the Aviator	author	Hugh Wheeler
Marilyn: An American Fable	author	Patricia Michaels
A Grand Night for Singing	author	Walter Bobbie
Rediscovering God in America	author	Newt Gingrich
Good Natured	author	Frans de Waal
Talkative Man	author	R. K. Narayan
IPKat	author	Jeremy Phillips
Pearl in the Mist	author	V. C. Andrews
Spring Fever (1948 novel)	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Girl Who Came to Supper	author	Harry Kurnitz
Children of Tomorrow	author	A. E. van Vogt
David Golder	author	Irène Némirovsky
The Game (novella)	author	Diana Wynne Jones
A Family Affair (musical)	author	James Goldman
A Family Affair (musical)	author	William Goldman
The Fox (2007 novel)	author	Sherwood Smith
On the Eve	author	Ivan Turgenev
Japanese Society (1970 book)	author	Chie Nakane
The Rules of Survival	author	Nancy Werlin
The Mezzanine	author	Nicholson Baker
The Crown Snatchers	author	F. K. Waechter
The Crown Snatchers	author	Bernd Eilert
Where Once We Walked	author	Gary Mokotoff
The Menace from Earth (collection)	author	Robert A. Heinlein
Here Lies Arthur	author	Philip Reeve
Home Sweet Homer (musical)	author	Roland Kibbee
Home Sweet Homer (musical)	author	Albert Marre
Drunkard's Walk (novel)	author	Frederik Pohl
Beau Brocade	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Georgy	author	Tom Mankiewicz
Room 13	author	Robert Swindells
La 628-E8	author	Octave Mirbeau
The Blair Years	author	Alastair Campbell
Totem and Ore	author	B. Wongar
American Born Chinese	author	Gene Yang
Battlestar Galactica: Razor	author	Michael Taylor (screenwriter)
What Would Joey Do?	author	Jack Gantos
The World of Nagaraj	author	R. K. Narayan
JavaForge	author	Intland Software
The Poet (novel)	author	Michael Connelly
Peace and War	author	Joe Haldeman
Daisy Fay and the Miracle Man	author	Fannie Flagg
Shogun: The Musical	author	John Driver
Almost a Revolution	author	Shen Tong
Tam Lin (novel)	author	Pamela Dean
Armadale (novel)	author	Wilkie Collins
Saturnalia (Davis novel)	author	Lindsey Davis
Maria Bonita	author	Afrânio Peixoto
Fear and Loathing in America	author	Hunter S. Thompson
Three Men Out	author	Rex Stout
Nightlife (novel)	author	Rob Thurman
The Harlequin (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Three Witnesses (book)	author	Rex Stout
My Summer of Love (novel)	author	Helen Cross
Death Sentence (novel)	author	Brian Garfield
The Rose of Tibet	author	Lionel Davidson
A Long Way to Shiloh	author	Lionel Davidson
Kolymsky Heights	author	Lionel Davidson
Master of the Five Magics	author	Lyndon Hardy
The Interpretation of Murder	author	Jed Rubenfeld
The Sun Chemist	author	Lionel Davidson
The Chelsea Murders	author	Lionel Davidson
Shinbone Alley	author	Joe Darion
Shinbone Alley	author	Mel Brooks
Labour (novel)	author	JT LeRoy
Anya (musical)	author	George Abbott
Anya (musical)	author	Guy Bolton
The Dice Spelled Murder	author	Ralph Salaway
Chutzpah a Go-Go	author	Randy Vancourt
Hi5	author	Ramu Yalamanchi
If Death Ever Slept	author	Rex Stout
And Four to Go	author	Rex Stout
An Encyclopedia of Claims, Frauds, and Hoaxes of the Occult and Supernatural	author	James Randi
An Encyclopedia of Claims, Frauds, and Hoaxes of the Occult and Supernatural	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Tales of the Grotesque and Arabesque	author	Edgar Allan Poe
The Young Magicians	author	Lin Carter
New Worlds for Old	author	Lin Carter
Golden Cities, Far	author	Lin Carter
Emphyrio	author	Jack Vance
The Cult of the Amateur	author	Andrew Keen
Second Thoughts (Shobhaa De novel)	author	Shobhaa De
Saratoga (musical)	author	Morton DaCosta
PopUrls	author	Thomas Marban
Grimus	author	Salman Rushdie
Sherry!	author	James Lipton
Krautrocksampler	author	Julian Cope
Midaq Alley (novel)	author	Naguib Mahfouz
The Moneychangers	author	Arthur Hailey
The Spawn of Cthulhu	author	Lin Carter
Moonlight (play)	author	Harold Pinter
A Floating City	author	Jules Verne
Never Call Retreat: Lee and Grant: The Final Victory	author	Newt Gingrich
Never Call Retreat: Lee and Grant: The Final Victory	author	William R. Forstchen
Never Call Retreat: Lee and Grant: The Final Victory	author	Albert S. Hanser
Propeller Island	author	Jules Verne
The Little Island (book)	author	Margaret Wise Brown
The Little Island (book)	author	Margaret Wise Brown
Discoveries in Fantasy	author	Lin Carter
Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy I	author	Lin Carter
Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy Volume II	author	Lin Carter
Am I a Hindu?	author	Ed Viswanathan
Nātyakalpadrumam	author	Mani Madhava Chakyar
Maggie Flynn	author	Hugo Peretti
Maggie Flynn	author	Luigi Creatore
Maggie Flynn	author	George David Weiss
Maggie Flynn	author	Morton DaCosta
The Last Defender of Camelot (2002 book)	author	Roger Zelazny
The Climb (book)	author	Anatoli Boukreev
Cyrano: The Musical	author	Koen van Dijk
Here Be Monsters!	author	Alan Snow
Cyrano (musical)	author	Anthony Burgess
Born Free and Equal	author	Ansel Adams
Sometimes a Great Notion	author	Ken Kesey
Envoy Extraordinary (novella)	author	William Golding
The King's Last Song	author	Geoff Ryman
An Abundance of Katherines	author	John Green (author)
Restless (novel)	author	William Boyd (writer)
Full Tilt (novel)	author	Neal Shusterman
Then We Came to the End	author	Joshua Ferris
Days of Ziklag	author	S. Yizhar
El Privilegio de Amar	author	Liliana Abud
Needle (novel)	author	Hal Clement
Demon's Delight	author	MaryJanice Davidson
Demon's Delight	author	Emma Holly
Demon's Delight	author	Vickie Taylor
Demon's Delight	author	Catherine Spangler
The Human Comedy (musical)	author	William Dumaresq
Buddy – The Buddy Holly Story	author	Alan Janes
The Strategy Paradox	author	Michael E. Raynor
The Marvelous Land of Oz (musical)	author	Thomas W. Olson
Jerusalem Commands	author	Michael Moorcock
The Vengeance of Rome	author	Michael Moorcock
The Extraordinary Adventures of Alfred Kropp	author	Rick Yancey
The It Girl	author	Cecily von Ziegesar
The Ghost Brigades	author	John Scalzi
The Prairie	author	James Fenimore Cooper
Kingdoms of Sorcery	author	Lin Carter
New Selected Poems 1966–1987	author	Seamus Heaney
The Journal of Julius Rodman	author	Edgar Allan Poe
Requiem for the Conqueror	author	W. Michael Gear
Portofino (musical)	author	Richard Ney
Orion Shall Rise	author	Poul Anderson
The Fool of the World and the Flying Ship (book)	author	Arthur Ransome
Naming and Necessity	author	Saul Kripke
Hemkosh	author	Hem Chandra Barua
Joshua Jones (TV series)	author	Bob Wilson
Rules (novel)	author	Cynthia Lord
Foxy (musical)	author	Ian McLellan Hunter
Foxy (musical)	author	Ring Lardner, Jr.
The Golden Key (novel)	author	Melanie Rawn
The Golden Key (novel)	author	Jennifer Roberson
The Golden Key (novel)	author	Kate Elliott
The Fall (Robert Muchamore novel)	author	Robert Muchamore
Dawn of Time	author	Robert Silverberg
Dawn of Time	author	Martin H. Greenberg
Dawn of Time	author	Joseph Olander
Golden Buddha (novel)	author	Clive Cussler
Strange Gifts	author	Robert Silverberg
Follow the Girls	author	Guy Bolton
Follow the Girls	author	Fred Thompson (writer)
The Golden Goblet	author	Eloise McGraw
Spellbinder (novel)	author	Melanie Rawn
Sleeping with the Fishes (novel)	author	MaryJanice Davidson
Empire of Ivory	author	Naomi Novik
Empire of Ivory    1	author	Naomi Novik
The Cosmology of Bing	author	Mitch Cullin
UnderSurface	author	Mitch Cullin
From the Place in the Valley Deep in the Forest	author	Mitch Cullin
GigaOM	author	Om Malik
The Inevitability of Patriarchy	author	Steven Goldberg
La Farce de maître Pierre Pathelin	author	Anonymous work
The Language of God: A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief	author	Francis Collins
Zenda (musical)	author	Everett Freeman
The Astronauts	author	Stanisław Lem
The Moneypenny Diaries: Final Fling	author	Samantha Weinberg
The Eye of the Heron	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Veep (TV series)	author	Armando Iannucci
Veep (TV series)	author	Simon Blackwell
Heart-Shaped Box (novel)	author	Joe Hill (writer)
And Kill Once More	author	Ralph Salaway
The Billion-Dollar Molecule	author	Barry Werth
The Stories of English	author	David Crystal
The Master Butchers Singing Club	author	Louise Erdrich
Understanding California Government and Politics	author	Leo Ryan
Eleven Kinds of Loneliness	author	Richard Yates (novelist)
Bar Mitzvah Boy (musical)	author	Jack Rosenthal
Triumph of Love	author	James Magruder
Halloween (novel)	author	Curtis Richards
Plot It Yourself	author	Rex Stout
Three at Wolfe's Door	author	Rex Stout
Too Many Clients	author	Rex Stout
Better Angels	author	Howard V. Hendrix
The Labyrinth Key	author	Howard V. Hendrix
Shiloh (historical novel)	author	Shelby Foote
The Pesticide Question	author	David Pimentel
K-PAX IV: A New Visitor from the Constellation Lyra	author	Gene Brewer
Neverwhere (novel)	author	Neil Gaiman
Glasses (Who Needs 'Em?)	author	Lane Smith (illustrator)
The Big Pets	author	Lane Smith (illustrator)
Paula (novel)	author	Isabel Allende
Baloney (Henry P.)	author	Jon Scieszka
Baloney (Henry P.)	author	Lane Smith (illustrator)
Seen Art?	author	Jon Scieszka
Seen Art?	author	Lane Smith (illustrator)
Squids Will Be Squids	author	Jon Scieszka
Squids Will Be Squids	author	Lane Smith (illustrator)
Guys Write for Guys Read	author	Jon Scieszka
The Janitor's Boy	author	Andrew Clements
Room One	author	Andrew Clements
Things Hoped For	author	Andrew Clements
Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus!	author	Mo Willems
Lucas (novel)	author	Kevin Brooks (writer)
Knuffle Bunny: A Cautionary Tale	author	Mo Willems
Leonardo, the Terrible Monster	author	Mo Willems
Millennial Women	author	Virginia Kidd
A Week in the Woods	author	Andrew Clements
Native Tongue (Suzette Haden Elgin novel)	author	Suzette Haden Elgin
The Irish Famine (book)	author	Colm Tóibín
The Irish Famine (book)	author	Diarmaid Ferriter
Men Against the Sea	author	Charles Nordhoff
Men Against the Sea	author	James Norman Hall
The Next Fifty Years: Science in the First Half of the Twenty-First Century	author	John Brockman (literary agent)
Hondo & Fabian	author	Peter McCarty
Fabian Escapes	author	Peter McCarty
Sixty Days and Counting	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Do Black Patent Leather Shoes Really Reflect Up?	author	John R. Powers
IA-32 Execution Layer	author	Intel
Chocolates on the Pillow Aren't Enough	author	Jonathan Tisch
The Scarlet Gang of Asakusa	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Earth Made of Glass	author	John Barnes (author)
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen (novel)	author	Dyan Sheldon
Notorious (novel)	author	Cecily von Ziegesar
Reckless (novel)	author	Cecily von Ziegesar
Unforgettable (novel)	author	Cecily von Ziegesar
The All New Alexei Sayle Show	author	Graham Linehan
The All New Alexei Sayle Show	author	Arthur Mathews (writer)
The Emperor's Snuff-Box	author	John Dickson Carr
Evangeline (musical)	author	Jamie Wax
Keeping Faith	author	Jodi Picoult
Alpha 9	author	Robert Silverberg
The Favourite Game	author	Leonard Cohen
Skurken i muminhuset	author	Tove Jansson
A History of Money and Banking in the United States (book)	author	Murray Rothbard
On the Edge (book)	author	Dennis Tourish
On the Edge (book)	author	Tim Wohlforth
The Princess Diaries (novel)	author	Meg Cabot
The Death of Economics	author	Paul Ormerod
Bionic Woman (2007 TV series)	author	Laeta Kalogridis
Eye Against Eye	author	Forrest Gander
Tom Cruise: Unauthorized	author	Wensley Clarkson
Onet.pl	author	Oddział Internet
Come Back for More	author	Ralph Salaway
Clockwork (novel)	author	Philip Pullman
The Merchants of Souls	author	John Barnes (author)
The Armchair Economist	author	Steven Landsburg
Jeffrey and Sloth	author	Kari-Lynn Winters
On Our Own (1994 TV series)	author	Greg Garcia (producer)
On Our Own (1994 TV series)	author	Timothy Stack
A Blank in the Weather Map	author	Kunio Yanagita
The Alexandria Link	author	Steve Berry (novelist)
The Gospel According to Judas	author	Jeffrey Archer
The Gospel According to Judas	author	Frank Moloney
Matrka: Voices Within	author	Bombay Jayashri
Matrka: Voices Within	author	Mythili Chandrasekar
Thomas and Beulah	author	Rita Dove
Feminist Theory: From Margin to Center	author	Bell hooks
American Knees	author	Shawn Wong
The Mathematics of Magic: The Enchanter Stories of L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Mathematics of Magic: The Enchanter Stories of L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt	author	Fletcher Pratt
The Fur Country	author	Jules Verne
Onion News Network	author	Alexander Blechman
Onion News Network	author	Lang Fisher
Onion News Network	author	John Harris
Onion News Network	author	Peter Koechley
Onion News Network	author	Carol Kolb
Onion News Network	author	Dan Mirk
Onion News Network	author	Michael Pielocik
Onion News Network	author	Will Tracy
Seeker (Noble Warriors Trilogy)	author	William Nicholson (writer)
Little Book of Common Sense Investing	author	John Bogle
The Women's Room	author	Marilyn French
Game Design Workshop	author	Tracy Fullerton
The History of Joseph Smith by His Mother	author	Lucy Mack Smith
Adding a Dimension	author	Isaac Asimov
Under the Mat: Inside Wrestling's Greatest Family	author	Diana Hart
Under the Mat: Inside Wrestling's Greatest Family	author	Kirstie McLellan
Under the Mat: Inside Wrestling's Greatest Family	author	Stu Hart
Oblivion: Stories	author	David Foster Wallace
The Last Precinct (novel)	author	Patricia Cornwell
Dr. Identity	author	D. Harlan Wilson
Attitude: The New Subversive Cartoonists	author	Ted Rall
Attitude: The New Subversive Cartoonists  Attitude 2: The New Subversive Alternative Cartoon  1	author	Ted Rall
Attitude: The New Subversive Cartoonists  Attitude 3: The New Subversive Online Cartoonists   1	author	Ted Rall
Enduring Love	author	Ian McEwan
The Assassins of Rome	author	Caroline Lawrence
Leap of Faith (TV series)	author	Jenny Bicks
Leap of Faith (TV series)	author	Becky Hartman-Edwards
The Wild (novel)	author	Whitley Strieber
No Retreat, No Surrender: One American's Fight	author	Tom DeLay
No Retreat, No Surrender: One American's Fight	author	Stephen Mansfield
Five Go Adventuring Again	author	Enid Blyton
Five Run Away Together	author	Enid Blyton
Five Go Off in a Caravan	author	Enid Blyton
Five Go to Smuggler's Top	author	Enid Blyton
The Just and the Unjust	author	James Gould Cozzens
The Town (1957 novel)	author	William Faulkner
Authbind	author	Ian Jackson
Transformers: Ghosts of Yesterday	author	Alan Dean Foster
Stalin's Ghost	author	Martin Cruz Smith
A Man	author	Oriana Fallaci
Ethics and Language	author	Charles Stevenson
Stone (novel)	author	Adam Roberts (British writer)
Jacky Daydream	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Wild Law (book)	author	Cormac Cullinan
The Consumerist	author	Gawker Media
The Venom Business	author	Michael Crichton
The Cat Who Went Underground	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Dry (memoir)	author	Augusten Burroughs
A Boy at War	author	Harry Mazer
Damious McDreary: A Boy and His Bat	author	Billy Martin (guitarist)
Extensa	author	Jacek Dukaj
Leadership Secrets of the Rogue Warrior: A Commando's Guide to Success	author	Richard Marcinko
Leadership Secrets of the Rogue Warrior: A Commando's Guide to Success	author	John Weisman
The Gravedigger's Daughter	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Museum of Dr. Moses: Tales of Mystery and Suspense	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Crow (novel)	author	Alison Croggon
To My Daughter with Love on the Important Things in Life	author	Susan Polis Schutz
The Cat Who Saw Red	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Is It Just Me or Is Everything Shit?: Volume Two	author	Steve Lowe
Is It Just Me or Is Everything Shit?: Volume Two	author	Alan McArthur
The First Four Years (novel)	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Acts of Faith (novel)	author	Rajiva Wijesinha
The Tale of Pigling Bland	author	Beatrix Potter
Démolir Nisard	author	Éric Chevillard
Stanford Wong Flunks Big-Time	author	Lisa Yee
Shadow Game (novel)	author	Christine Feehan
Peter Pan (1954 musical)	author	J. M. Barrie
The Treasure in the Royal Tower (novel)	author	Carolyn Keene
Mirrorshades	author	Bruce Sterling
Wollongong the Brave	author	Grahame Bond
Wollongong the Brave	author	Bill Harding
Wollongong the Brave	author	Rory O'Donoghue
Wollongong the Brave	author	Jude Kuring
I Am a Strange Loop	author	Douglas Hofstadter
A Slight Trick of the Mind	author	Mitch Cullin
Burning Bright	author	John Steinbeck
Hullabaloo in the Guava Orchard	author	Kiran Desai
The Science of Success	author	Charles G. Koch
More Than Earthlings	author	James Irwin
The Spitfire Grill (musical)	author	James Valcq
The Spitfire Grill (musical)	author	Fred Alley
Blood, Sweat & Tea	author	Tom Reynolds (EMT)
The Fourposter	author	Jan de Hartog
The Woven Path	author	Robin Jarvis
The Bride Wore Black (novel)	author	Cornell Woolrich
Cue for Treason	author	Geoffrey Trease
Electra (Rajiva Wijesinha)	author	Rajiva Wijesinha
Days of Despair (1989 book)	author	Rajiva Wijesinha
The Singapore Grip	author	James Gordon Farrell
Mr Norris Changes Trains	author	Christopher Isherwood
Only a Trillion	author	Isaac Asimov
Chéri (novel)	author	Colette
Wikia Search	author	Jimmy Wales
The Hive (novel)	author	Camilo José Cela
Seven Brides for Seven Brothers (musical)	author	Lawrence Kasha
The Frank Sinatra Show (ABC)	author	John Bradford
The Act of Marriage	author	Tim LaHaye
The Act of Marriage	author	Beverly LaHaye
Bye-Bye (novel)	author	Jane Ransom
Eve's Diary	author	Mark Twain
Fade Out – Fade In	author	Betty Comden
Fade Out – Fade In	author	Adolph Green
Philip Dru: Administrator	author	Edward M. House
Candle (novel)	author	John Barnes (author)
Pontoffel Pock, Where Are You?	author	Dr. Seuss
The Last Day of Creation	author	Wolfgang Jeschke
The Coldest Winter Ever	author	Sister Souljah
The Barn Owl's Wondrous Capers	author	Sarnath Banerjee
Red, White and Blue Paradise	author	Herbert and Mary Knapp
Catch 22 (play)	author	Joseph Heller
Sacred Stone	author	Clive Cussler
Sacred Stone	author	Craig Dirgo
Serpent (novel)	author	Clive Cussler
Serpent (novel)	author	Paul Kemprecos
Blue Gold	author	Clive Cussler
Blue Gold	author	Paul Kemprecos
Fire Ice	author	Clive Cussler
Fire Ice	author	Paul Kemprecos
Polar Shift (novel)	author	Clive Cussler
Polar Shift (novel)	author	Paul Kemprecos
White Death (novel)	author	Clive Cussler
White Death (novel)	author	Paul Kemprecos
Downsiders	author	Neal Shusterman
The New American Story	author	Bill Bradley
The Treasure of Alpheus Winterborn	author	John Bellairs
The Dark Secret of Weatherend	author	John Bellairs
Bond Girls Are Forever	author	John Cork
Bond Girls Are Forever	author	Maryam d'Abo
Ratha's Creature	author	Clare Bell
Running on Empty (Hardy Boys novel)	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Dark Desire	author	Christine Feehan
The Day of the Bomb	author	Karl Bruckner
Sadako and the Thousand Paper Cranes	author	Eleanor Coerr
The Naughtiest Girl is a Monitor	author	Enid Blyton
Under Fire (novel)	author	Henri Barbusse
Gallows View	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
The Lamp from the Warlock's Tomb	author	John Bellairs
Kat and the Kings	author	David Kramer
Water for Elephants	author	Sara Gruen
Politicalbetting.com	author	Mike Smithson (politics)
Priscilla Queen of the Desert (musical)	author	Stephan Elliott
Priscilla Queen of the Desert (musical)	author	Allan Scott (Scottish screenwriter)
Chart Throb	author	Ben Elton
True Colors (TV series)	author	Gregory Allen Howard
True Colors (TV series)	author	Michael J. Weithorn
Built for Trouble	author	Ralph Salaway
Cinema 1: The Movement Image	author	Gilles Deleuze
The Terrible Thunderlizards	author	Savage Steve Holland
The Terrible Thunderlizards	author	Bill Kopp
The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole (TV series)	author	Sue Townsend
Mind Transfer (novel)	author	Janet Asimov
A Guide to the Scientific Knowledge of Things Familiar	author	E. Cobham Brewer
Destilando Amor	author	Kary Fajer
Shattered Visage	author	Dean Motter
Shattered Visage	author	Mark Askwith
Babylon 5: Deadly Relations – Bester Ascendant	author	Gregory Keyes
Babylon 5: Final Reckoning – The Fate of Bester	author	Gregory Keyes
Conjuring (book)	author	James Randi
Larson's Book of World Religions and Alternative Spirituality	author	Bob Larson
I Had a Ball	author	Jerome Chodorov
Yahoo! Podcasts	author	Yahoo!
The Sartorialist	author	Scott Schuman
Epguides	author	George Fergus
Shadows on the Rock	author	Willa Cather
New Worlds for Old (H. G. Wells)	author	H. G. Wells
A Thousand Splendid Suns	author	Khaled Hosseini
My Bag of Secrets (The Words of Human Drama)	author	Johnny Indovina
The Northern Light (novel)	author	A. J. Cronin
Welcome to Our Hillbrow	author	Phaswane Mpe
Ways of Dying	author	Zakes Mda
Daemon (technothriller series)	author	Daniel Suarez
Daemon (technothriller series)  Freedom™   1	author	Daniel Suarez
Human Universals	author	Donald Brown (anthropologist)
John Dough and the Cherub	author	L. Frank Baum
The Spook's Battle	author	Joseph Delaney
Gigi (musical)	author	Alan Jay Lerner
The Night Buffalo	author	Guillermo Arriaga
Just So (musical)	author	Anthony Drewe
Just So (musical)	author	George Stiles
A Man of No Importance (musical)	author	Terrence McNally
So Totally Emily Ebers	author	Lisa Yee
In the Heights	author	Quiara Alegría Hudes
A Song for Summer	author	Eva Ibbotson
Without Seeing the Dawn	author	Stevan Javellana
Skin (novel)	author	Ted Dekker
Dover Beach (novel)	author	Richard Bowker (writer)
Hetty Dorval	author	Ethel Wilson
God's Spy	author	Juan Gómez-Jurado
Villains by Necessity	author	Eve Forward
Paingod and Other Delusions	author	Harlan Ellison
An Autobiography (Nehru)	author	Jawaharlal Nehru
Family Devotions	author	David Henry Hwang
Rich Relations	author	David Henry Hwang
Golden Child (play)	author	David Henry Hwang
The House of the Sleeping Beauties	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Peer Gynt (1998 adaptation)	author	David Henry Hwang
Tibet Through the Red Box (play)	author	David Henry Hwang
Niagara Falls, or Does It?	author	Henry Winkler
Niagara Falls, or Does It?	author	Lin Oliver
X-Men: Dark Mirror	author	Marjorie Liu
Silver Screen (novel)	author	Justina Robson
Mr. President (TV series)	author	David Lloyd (writer)
Mr. President (TV series)	author	Johnny Carson
Mr. President (TV series)	author	Gene Reynolds
Mr. President (TV series)	author	Ed. Weinberger
Shadow of Suribachi: Raising the Flags on Iwo Jima	author	Parker Bishop Albee, Jr.
Shadow of Suribachi: Raising the Flags on Iwo Jima	author	Keller Cushing Freeman
Magic Item Compendium	author	Andy Collins (game designer)
Magic Item Compendium	author	Owen K.C. Stephens
Dragons, Elves, and Heroes	author	Lin Carter
Nginx	author	Igor Sysoev
Dragon Moon	author	Carole Wilkinson
Candide, Part II	author	Thorel de Campigneulles
Candide, Part II	author	Henri Joseph Du Laurens
Flahooley	author	Yip Harburg
Flahooley	author	Fred Saidy
The Amorous Flea	author	Jerry Devine
The Spell	author	Alan Hollinghurst
Tribes (novel)	author	Arthur Slade
The Armies of Memory	author	John Barnes (author)
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (1967 TV serial)	author	C. S. Lewis
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (1967 TV serial)	author	Trevor Preston
The Dame's the Game	author	Ralph Salaway
Steps to Christ	author	Ellen G. White
Pennterra	author	Judith Moffett
Big Al (book)	author	Andrew Clements
Lair of the Lion	author	Christine Feehan
Demons of Chitrakut	author	Ashok Banker
Edward and Friends	author	Michael Cole
The Road to Jerusalem	author	Jan Guillou
The Kingdom at the End of the Road	author	Jan Guillou
The Knight Templar	author	Jan Guillou
Moonheart	author	Charles de Lint
Flint the King	author	Mary Kirchoff
The Day of the Djinn Warriors	author	Philip Kerr
Tanis, the Shadow Years	author	Barbara Siegel
The Bad Book	author	Andy Griffiths
Ankles Aweigh	author	Guy Bolton
Ankles Aweigh	author	Edward Davies
Three Wishes for Jamie	author	Charles O'Neal
Three Wishes for Jamie	author	Abe Burrows
I Got a "D" in Salami	author	Henry Winkler
I Got a "D" in Salami	author	Lin Oliver
Sisters of Isis	author	Lynne Ewing
Lucy (novel)	author	Jamaica Kincaid
All About Love: New Visions	author	Bell hooks
The Grouchy Ladybug	author	Eric Carle
Over the Edge (book)	author	Greg Child
Sofia Petrovna	author	Lydia Chukovskaya
Grave Peril (novel)	author	Jim Butcher
Bomba, the Jungle Boy	author	Roy Rockwood
The Magic of Krynn	author	Margaret Weis
The Magic of Krynn	author	Tracy Hickman
Kender, Gully Dwarves, and Gnomes	author	Margaret Weis
Kender, Gully Dwarves, and Gnomes	author	Tracy Hickman
The Tooth of Crime	author	Sam Shepard
Wanna Come In?	author	Aaron Ginsburg
Wanna Come In?	author	Wade McIntyre
A Party with Betty Comden and Adolph Green	author	Betty Comden
A Party with Betty Comden and Adolph Green	author	Adolph Green
The Grotesque (novel)	author	Patrick McGrath (novelist)
CrystalPlayer	author	Kim Bondarenko
Still, the Scraps of Prison	author	Amir-Abbas Fakhravar
Boxy an Star	author	Daren King
A Woman in Amber	author	Agate Nesaule
She and Allan	author	H. Rider Haggard
The A-List (novel)	author	Zoey Dean
Ends	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Music on the Bamboo Radio	author	Martin Booth
Eureka Street (TV series)	author	Donna Franceschild
Yarrow (novel)	author	Charles de Lint
Election (novel)	author	Tom Perrotta
The Body Beautiful	author	Joseph Stein
The Body Beautiful	author	Will Glickman
Writing FAST	author	Jeff Bollow
Hrolf Kraki's Saga	author	Poul Anderson
Croatian Encyclopedia	author	Dalibor Brozović
Croatian Encyclopedia	author	Tomislav Ladan
To Sir, with Love (novel)	author	E. R. Braithwaite
Curious George Flies a Kite	author	H. A. Rey
Curious George Flies a Kite	author	Margret Rey
What Is Your Dangerous Idea?	author	John Brockman (literary agent)
The Queen of Air and Darkness	author	T. H. White
Dreamside (novel)	author	Graham Joyce
Dark Horizons	author	Dark Horizons
Dolphin Cove (TV series)	author	Peter Benchley
Nineteen Minutes	author	Jodi Picoult
The Squire, His Knight, and His Lady	author	Gerald Morris
The Cat Who Played Brahms	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
GOOG-411	author	Google
Wolf Moon	author	Charles de Lint
The Harlan Ellison Hornbook	author	Harlan Ellison
No Name (novel)	author	Wilkie Collins
The Double Tongue	author	William Golding
The Sideshow	author	Ian Simmons
The Sideshow	author	Simon Dodd
The Sideshow	author	Dave Bloustien
The Sideshow	author	Bruce Griffiths
The Sideshow	author	Warwick Holt
The Sideshow	author	Mat Blackwell
Marazan	author	Nevil Shute
Orlovi rano lete	author	Branko Ćopić
So Disdained	author	Nevil Shute
Flying Colors (musical)	author	Arthur Schwartz
Flying Colors (musical)	author	Howard Dietz
Flying Colors (musical)	author	George S. Kaufman
Flying Colors (musical)	author	Corey Ford
Flying Colors (musical)	author	Charles Taylor Sherman
The Great Pursuit	author	Tom Sharpe
The Happiest Girl in the World	author	Fred Saidy
The Happiest Girl in the World	author	Henry Mayers
Red Noses	author	Peter Barnes
Nappily Ever After (novel)	author	Trisha R. Thomas
The Island of the Mighty	author	Evangeline Walton
American Sphinx: The Character of Thomas Jefferson	author	Joseph Ellis
Hyperborea (collection)	author	Clark Ashton Smith
From the Notebooks of Dr. Brain	author	Malcolm Azania
The Man Who Went Back	author	Warwick Deeping
The Doom that Came to Sarnath and Other Stories	author	H. P. Lovecraft
Brothers and Sisters (1979 TV series)	author	Jeff Franklin
Brothers and Sisters (1979 TV series)	author	Brian Levant
Alfred Kropp: The Seal of Solomon	author	Rick Yancey
The Highly Effective Detective	author	Rick Yancey
A Burning in Homeland	author	Rick Yancey
Confessions of a Tax Collector	author	Rick Yancey
I Never Saw Another Butterfly	author	Hana Volavkova
City of Light, City of Dark	author	Avi (author)
The Koreans (book)	author	Michael Breen
SceneOne	author	Living TV Group
Prime Directive (Star Trek novel)	author	Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens
Prime Directive (Star Trek novel)	author	Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens
The Long Christmas Ride Home	author	Paula Vogel
Gorbunov and Gorchakov	author	Joseph Brodsky
O Street	author	Corrina Wycoff
The Cat Who Dropped a Bombshell	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby (play)	author	Charles Dickens
The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby (play)	author	David Edgar (playwright)
Phantom Lady (novel)	author	Cornell Woolrich
Diary of a Bad Year	author	J. M. Coetzee
Faiths & Avatars	author	Julia Martin
Faiths & Avatars	author	Eric Boyd
Babylon 5: Accusations	author	Lois Tilton
Babylon 5: Voices	author	John Vornholt
Betrayal (Fiona McIntosh novel)	author	Fiona McIntosh
Babylon 5: Blood Oath	author	John Vornholt
Babylon 5: Clark's Law	author	Jim Mortimore
Babylon 5: The Touch of Your Shadow, the Whisper of Your Name	author	Neal Barrett, Jr.
Babylon 5: Betrayals	author	S. M. Stirling
Babylon 5: Personal Agendas	author	Al Sarrantonio
The Star of Kazan	author	Eva Ibbotson
Journals of Expeditions of Discovery into Central Australia	author	Edward John Eyre
Maximum Ride: School's Out Forever	author	James Patterson
The Twelfth Imam	author	Joel C. Rosenberg
Ernest in Love	author	Anne Croswell
Alfred Kropp: The Thirteenth Skull	author	Rick Yancey
Portable Tor	author	Roger Dingledine
Portable Tor	author	Nick Mathewson
Mad Dogs	author	Robert Muchamore
The Extremes	author	Christopher Priest (novelist)
Of the Conduct of the Understanding	author	John Locke
Your Erroneous Zones	author	Wayne Dyer
The Affirmation	author	Christopher Priest (novelist)
Mundo de Fieras (Mexico)	author	Mauricio Aridjis
Mundo de Fieras (Mexico)	author	Julián Aguilar
A Dream of Wessex	author	Christopher Priest (novelist)
Skylight (play)	author	David Hare (playwright)
Dark Gold	author	Christine Feehan
Saving Aimee (musical)	author	Kathie Lee Gifford
Dark Magic (novel)	author	Christine Feehan
How the Dead Live	author	Will Self
The Wrench	author	Primo Levi
Flashforward (novel)	author	Robert J. Sawyer
Boris Yeltsin: From Dawn to Dusk	author	Alexander Korzhakov
Bill Bryson's African Diary	author	Bill Bryson
The Ghost Hunter (TV series)	author	Ivan Jones
The Ghost Hunter (TV series)	author	Jim Eldridge
The Ghost Hunter (TV series)	author	Roy Apps
Prince of Annwn	author	Evangeline Walton
Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide	author	Leonard Maltin
The Children of Llyr	author	Evangeline Walton
Close to Shore	author	Michael Capuzzo
.hack//Cell	author	Ryo Suzukaze
Divisadero (novel)	author	Michael Ondaatje
Zothique (collection)	author	Clark Ashton Smith
To Live Forever (novel)	author	Jack Vance
Far-Seer	author	Robert J. Sawyer
The Schwa Was Here	author	Neal Shusterman
Peace Like a River	author	Leif Enger
Xiccarph	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Matriarch (novel)	author	Karen Traviss
History of the Soul	author	Zhang Chengzhi
The Pit: A Group Encounter Defiled	author	Gene Church
The Pit: A Group Encounter Defiled	author	Conrad D. Carnes
Poseidonis (collection)	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Pellucidar (novel)	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Freedomnomics	author	John Lott
Yoshitsune Shin Takadachi	author	Ki no Kaion
Other Voices, Other Rooms (novel)	author	Truman Capote
At the Edge of the World	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
The Club (Nickelodeon)	author	Nickelodeon (TV channel)
Babylon 5: Legions of Fire – The Long Night of Centauri Prime	author	Peter David
Babylon 5: Legions of Fire – Armies of Light and Dark	author	Peter David
Babylon 5: Legions of Fire – Out of the Darkness	author	Peter David
Encyclopedia of Domestic Animation	author	Sergey Kapkov
Babylon 5: The Passing of the Techno-Mages – Casting Shadows	author	Jeanne Cavelos
Babylon 5: The Passing of the Techno-Mages – Summoning Light	author	Jeanne Cavelos
Babylon 5: The Passing of the Techno-Mages – Invoking Darkness	author	Jeanne Cavelos
One Day, All Children	author	Wendy Kopp
Toki o Kakeru Shōjo	author	Yasutaka Tsutsui
One Bullet Away: The Making of a Marine Officer	author	Nathaniel Fick
Borgel	author	Daniel Pinkwater
The Best Little Whorehouse Goes Public	author	Larry L. King
The Best Little Whorehouse Goes Public	author	Peter Masterson
Men of Maize	author	Miguel Ángel Asturias
When Corporations Rule the World	author	David Korten
Egyptian Grammar: Being an Introduction to the Study of Hieroglyphs	author	Alan Gardiner
The Carpathians	author	Janet Frame
Gamperaliya	author	Martin Wickramasinghe
Little House in the Big Woods	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Over the Hills and Far Away (collection)	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
Twelve Days of Terror	author	Richard G. Fernicola
The Spanish Gardener	author	A. J. Cronin
The Return of 'Allo 'Allo!	author	Jeremy Lloyd
In Other Worlds	author	A. A. Attanasio
Race Against Time (Nancy Drew)	author	Carolyn Keene
Panoramio	author	Joaquín Cuenca
Panoramio	author	Eduardo Manchón
Panoramio	author	Jose Florido
The Song of Rhiannon	author	Evangeline Walton
Mr. Bass's Planetoid	author	Eleanor Cameron
A Mystery for Mr. Bass	author	Eleanor Cameron
Time and Mr. Bass	author	Eleanor Cameron
Kaliyugaya	author	Martin Wickramasinghe
The Princess Diaries, Volume V: Princess in Pink	author	Meg Cabot
Yuganthaya	author	Martin Wickramasinghe
Ghost Brothers of Darkland County	author	Stephen King
The Humble Administrator's Garden	author	Vikram Seth
The IHOP Papers	author	Ali Liebegott
Duluth (novel)	author	Gore Vidal
Blow Fly (novel)	author	Patricia Cornwell
Homecoming (novel)	author	Cynthia Voigt
Man into Wolf	author	Robert Eisler
Crime Time	author	Kelly Ward
Crime Time	author	Steve Kasper
Crime Time	author	Nassos Vakalis
Russian Amerika	author	Stoney Compton
The Snow (novel)	author	Adam Roberts (British writer)
The Bronze Horseman (poem)	author	Alexander Pushkin
The Stone Key	author	Isobelle Carmody
The Moon Pool	author	A. Merritt
Digital Library of the Caribbean	author	Caribbean
Freeglader	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
Freeglader	author	Chris Riddell
The Vanished Diamond	author	Jules Verne
Into the Wild (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
Fire and Ice (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
Forest of Secrets	author	Erin Hunter
Rising Storm (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
A Dangerous Path	author	Erin Hunter
The Darkest Hour (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
Midnight (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
Dawn (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
A Stir of Echoes	author	Richard Matheson
Moonrise (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
Starlight (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
Twilight (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
Sunset (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
The Sight (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
Letters to Family, Friends, and Editors (Franz Kafka)	author	Franz Kafka
Churches That Abuse	author	Ronald Enroth
The Darkest Evening of the Year	author	Dean Koontz
The Princess Diaries, Volume IV: Princess in Waiting	author	Meg Cabot
The Princess Diaries, Volume IV and 1/2: Project Princess	author	Meg Cabot
The Princess Diaries, Volume VI: Princess in Training	author	Meg Cabot
The Princess Diaries, Volume VI and 1/2: The Princess Present	author	Meg Cabot
West of January	author	Dave Duncan (writer)
The Princess Diaries, Volume VII: Party Princess	author	Meg Cabot
The Princess Diaries, Volume VII and 1/2: Sweet Sixteen Princess	author	Meg Cabot
The Princess Diaries, Volume VII and 3/4: Valentine Princess	author	Meg Cabot
The Princess Diaries, Volume VIII: Princess on the Brink	author	Meg Cabot
The Princess Diaries, Volume IX: Princess Mia	author	Meg Cabot
The Princess Diaries, Volume X: Forever Princess	author	Meg Cabot
The Vanished Man	author	Jeffery Deaver
Worst Enemies/Best Friends	author	Beacon Street Girls
Bad News/Good News	author	Beacon Street Girls
Letters from the Heart	author	Beacon Street Girls
Out of Bounds (novel)	author	Beacon Street Girls
Promises, Promises (novel)	author	Beacon Street Girls
Lake Rescue	author	Beacon Street Girls
Freaked Out	author	Beacon Street Girls
Lucky Charm (novel)	author	Beacon Street Girls
Fashion Frenzy	author	Beacon Street Girls
Just Kidding	author	Beacon Street Girls
Ghost Town (novel)	author	Beacon Street Girls
Jack Plank Tells Tales	author	Natalie Babbitt
Allan's Wife & Other Tales	author	H. Rider Haggard
The Summer Book	author	Tove Jansson
A Winter Book	author	Tove Jansson
The Madwoman of Chaillot	author	Jean Giraudoux
Jacklight	author	Louise Erdrich
Onward Victoria	author	Charlotte Anker
Onward Victoria	author	Irene Rosenberg
Dies the Fire	author	S. M. Stirling
We've Had a Hundred Years of Psychotherapy – And the World's Getting Worse	author	James Hillman
We've Had a Hundred Years of Psychotherapy – And the World's Getting Worse	author	Michael Ventura
Slaves of Spiegel	author	Daniel Pinkwater
Kitty Foyle (novel)	author	Christopher Morley
The Gospel of Corax	author	Paul Park
The Graveyard Book	author	Neil Gaiman
Little Critter	author	Mercer Mayer
Little Monster	author	Mercer Mayer
The Physics of Superheroes	author	James Kakalios
The Eternal Flame	author	T. A. Barron
A Model World and Other Stories	author	Michael Chabon
M Is for Magic	author	Neil Gaiman
One Arm	author	Yasunari Kawabata
Ekaveera	author	Viswanatha Satyanarayana
The Worms of Kukumlima	author	Daniel Pinkwater
The Joke's Over	author	Ralph Steadman
Handbook of British Birds	author	Henry Witherby
Handbook of British Birds	author	Francis Charles Robert Jourdain
Handbook of British Birds	author	Norman Ticehurst
Handbook of British Birds	author	Bernard Tucker
Handbook of British Birds  The Popular Handbook of British Birds   1	author	Philip Hollom
Handbook of British Birds  The Popular Handbook of Rarer British Birds   1	author	Philip Hollom
Pioneers in Ingolstadt	author	Marieluise Fleißer
Race Against Time: Searching for Hope in AIDS-Ravaged Africa	author	Stephen Lewis
Snowblind (book)	author	Robert Sabbag
The People of the Mist	author	H. Rider Haggard
Skeleton Coast (novel)	author	Clive Cussler
The Terror (novel)	author	Dan Simmons
Love Story (novel)	author	Erich Segal
Sharpe's Siege (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Dead Zone (novel)	author	Stephen King
Robbery Under Arms	author	Thomas Alexander Browne
Shadowland (novel)	author	Meg Cabot
Beyond the Fields We Know	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
Moo (novel)	author	Jane Smiley
Doctor Dolittle's Post Office	author	Hugh Lofting
Command & Conquer: Tiberium Wars (novel)	author	Keith R. A. DeCandido
Golden Boy (musical)	author	Clifford Odets
Golden Boy (musical)	author	William Gibson (playwright)
The New Canada	author	Preston Manning
The Twelve Tasks of Flavia Gemina	author	Caroline Lawrence
Don Rodriguez: Chronicles of Shadow Valley	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
The History of Love	author	Nicole Krauss
Fifty-One Tales	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
The Heathen's Guide to World Religions	author	William Hopper (author)
The Last Colony	author	John Scalzi
Hackety Hack	author	Why the lucky stiff
Rameau's Nephew	author	Denis Diderot
Close to Critical	author	Hal Clement
Turn of the Century	author	Kurt Andersen
Verses Dedicatory: 18 Previously Unpublished Poems	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
Making Good Again	author	Lionel Davidson
Smith's Gazelle	author	Lionel Davidson
Under Plum Lake	author	Lionel Davidson
Cult-Proofing Your Kids	author	Paul R. Martin
Tales of the City (novel)	author	Armistead Maupin
More Tales of the City (novel)	author	Armistead Maupin
Further Tales of the City (novel)	author	Armistead Maupin
Babycakes	author	Armistead Maupin
Significant Others (novel)	author	Armistead Maupin
Michael Tolliver Lives	author	Armistead Maupin
Sure of You	author	Armistead Maupin
The Sorcerer's Ship	author	Hannes Bok
H. P. Lovecraft: A Life	author	S. T. Joshi
Beyond the Golden Stair	author	Hannes Bok
The Shaving of Shagpat	author	George Meredith
Realms of Wizardry	author	Lin Carter
LoveMusik	author	Alfred Uhry
Double Phoenix	author	Edmund Cooper
Double Phoenix	author	Roger Lancelyn Green
Double Phoenix	author	Lin Carter
Star Light	author	Hal Clement
Batavia's Graveyard	author	Mike Dash
Benten Kozō	author	Kawatake Mokuami
All the Brothers Were Valiant (novel)	author	Ben Ames Williams
Mind Game (novel)	author	Christine Feehan
Night Game	author	Christine Feehan
The Curse of the Toads	author	Rebecca Lisle
The Mysterious Disappearance of Leon (I Mean Noel)	author	Ellen Raskin
Tristan (novella)	author	Thomas Mann
Modoc (novel)	author	Ralph Helfer
Esmeralda (telenovela)	author	Georgina Tinoco
Esmeralda (telenovela)	author	Dolores Ortega
Esmeralda (telenovela)	author	Luz Orlín
Christie Malry's Own Double-Entry	author	B. S. Johnson
Loop (novel)	author	Koji Suzuki
The Festival of San Joaquin	author	Zee Edgell
Politics Lost	author	Joe Klein
Time and the River	author	Zee Edgell
Past Perfect (Sof Davar)	author	Yaakov Shabtai
Leviathan (Westerfeld novel)	author	Scott Westerfeld
Doctor Pascal	author	Émile Zola
Hunting Mister Heartbreak: A Discovery of America	author	Jonathan Raban
Arabia Through the Looking Glass	author	Jonathan Raban
Love and War in the Apennines	author	Eric Newby
The Heaven Shop	author	Deborah Ellis
Stani's Python Editor	author	Stani Michiels
Operation Typhoon Shore	author	Joshua Mowll
Eisenhower and Lutz	author	Allan Burns
Eisenhower and Lutz	author	Dava Savel
My Idea of Fun	author	Will Self
Rise the Euphrates	author	Carol Edgarian
Coasting (book)	author	Jonathan Raban
Waxwings (novel)	author	Jonathan Raban
Surveillance (novel)	author	Jonathan Raban
Rainbow Magic	author	Daisy Meadows
At the Center of the Storm: My Years at the CIA	author	George Tenet
Zombies from The Beyond	author	James Valcq
Five Are Together Again	author	Enid Blyton
Sizwe Banzi Is Dead	author	Athol Fugard
Sizwe Banzi Is Dead	author	John Kani
Sizwe Banzi Is Dead	author	Winston Ntshona
She's the Sheriff	author	Juliet Law Packer
She's the Sheriff	author	Barry O'Brien
She's the Sheriff	author	Mark Rothman
I Am America (And So Can You!)	author	Stephen Colbert (character)
I Am America (And So Can You!)	author	Rich Dahm
I Am America (And So Can You!)	author	Paul Dinello
I Am America (And So Can You!)	author	Allison Silverman
I Am America (And So Can You!)	author	Eric Drysdale
I Am America (And So Can You!)	author	Glenn Eichler
I Am America (And So Can You!)	author	Peter Grosz
I Am America (And So Can You!)	author	Peter Gwinn
I Am America (And So Can You!)	author	Laura Krafft
I Am America (And So Can You!)	author	Stephen Colbert
The Looming Tower	author	Lawrence Wright
No Telephone to Heaven	author	Michelle Cliff
Havana Heat	author	Darryl Brock
More Sideways Arithmetic From Wayside School	author	Louis Sachar
They Went Thataway	author	James Horwitz
And the Big Men Fly	author	Alan Hopgood
Good King Harry (novel)	author	Denise Giardina
Monkey Bridge	author	Lan Cao
Boomsday (novel)	author	Christopher Buckley (novelist)
The Sleepwalker (novel)	author	Robert Muchamore
The Definitive Biography of P.D.Q. Bach	author	Peter Schickele
No Humans Involved	author	Kelley Armstrong
The Two Tigers	author	Emilio Salgari
Sharpe's Enemy (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
Exodus (2002 novel)	author	Julie Bertagna
Khaled: A Tale of Arabia	author	Francis Marion Crawford
Imaginary Worlds – the Art of Fantasy	author	Lin Carter
A Bad Spell in Yurt	author	C. Dale Brittain
Shadow Star (novel)	author	Chris Claremont
Shadow Star (novel)	author	George Lucas
The Course of Time	author	Robert Pollok
Son of the Red Corsair	author	Emilio Salgari
The Chameleon's Shadow	author	Minette Walters
A Vulgar Display of Power: Courage and Carnage at the Alrosa Villa	author	Chris Armold
Haym Salomon, Son of Liberty	author	Howard Fast
List of Transformers books	author	Casey Todd
List of Transformers books  Battle Drive   1	author	Barbara Siegel
List of Transformers books  Battle Drive   1	author	Scott Siegel
List of Transformers books  The Invisibility Factor   1	author	Josepha Sherman
List of Transformers books  Force of Habit   1	author	Greg Sepelak
List of Transformers books  Force of Habit   1	author	S. Trent Troop
List of Transformers books  The New World   1	author	Greg Sepelak
List of Transformers books  The New World   1	author	S. Trent Troop
List of Transformers books  Transformers: The Ark - A Complete Compendium Of T  1	author	Jim Sorenson
List of Transformers books  Transformers: The Ark - A Complete Compendium Of T  1	author	Bill Forster
List of Transformers books  Battle for Cybertron   1	author	Scott Siegel
List of Transformers books  atellite of Doom   1	author	John Braden
List of Transformers books  Jaws of Terror   1	author	John Braden
List of Transformers books  Autobots' Lightning Strike   1	author	John Grant (children's author)
List of Transformers books  Megatron's Fight For Power   1	author	John Grant (children's author)
List of Transformers books  Autobots Fight Back   1	author	John Grant (children's author)
List of Transformers books  Laserbeak's Fury   1	author	John Grant (children's author)
List of Transformers books  Galvatron's Air Attack   1	author	John Grant (children's author)
List of Transformers books  Decepticon Hideout   1	author	John Grant (children's author)
List of Transformers books  Decepticons at the Pole   1	author	John Grant (children's author)
List of Transformers books  Autobots Strike Oil   1	author	John Grant (children's author)
List of Transformers books  Decepticons Underground   1	author	John Grant (children's author)
List of Transformers books  Autobot Hostage   1	author	John Grant (children's author)
List of Transformers books  Battle for Earth   1	author	Max Z. Baum
List of Transformers books  The Invasion of the Decepticon Camp   1	author	Pat Brigandi
List of Transformers books  The Lost Treasure of Cybertron   1	author	Sonya Black Woods
Dorian, an Imitation	author	Will Self
Great Apes (novel)	author	Will Self
The Lost Continent: The Story of Atlantis	author	C. J. Cutcliffe Hyne
Gifts of Deceit	author	Robert Boettcher
Est: The Steersman Handbook	author	Leslie Stevens
Gentlemen of the Road	author	Michael Chabon
Measle and the Wrathmonk	author	Ian Ogilvy
Bill Badger and the Pirates	author	Denys Watkins-Pitchford
God and the State	author	Mikhail Bakunin
The Idylls of the Queen	author	Phyllis Ann Karr
Anne Frank: The Biography	author	Melissa Müller
L.A. Confidential	author	James Ellroy
Japrocksampler	author	Julian Cope
Let the Right One In	author	John Ajvide Lindqvist
Ghost Soldiers (Justin Richards novel)	author	Justin Richards
The Last Grain Race	author	Eric Newby
Not On Our Watch	author	Don Cheadle
Not On Our Watch	author	John Prendergast
The Day the Leader was Killed	author	Naguib Mahfouz
By the Great Horn Spoon!	author	Sid Fleischman
Libdca	author	Gildas Bazin
Grandfather Stories	author	Samuel Hopkins Adams
Dark Challenge	author	Christine Feehan
The £1,000,000 Bank Note and Other New Stories	author	Mark Twain
What Mad Universe	author	Fredric Brown
Martians, Go Home	author	Fredric Brown
Come Rack! Come Rope!	author	Robert Hugh Benson
The Rector of Veilbye	author	Steen Steensen Blicher
The Problem of the Covered Bridge	author	Edward D. Hoch
Essentials of Programming Languages	author	Daniel P. Friedman
Essentials of Programming Languages	author	Mitchell Wand
Essentials of Programming Languages	author	Christopher T. Haynes
On Chesil Beach	author	Ian McEwan
The Problem of the Old Gristmill	author	Edward D. Hoch
The Profits of Religion	author	Upton Sinclair
Infinity's Shore	author	David Brin
The Master Genealogist	author	Bob Velke
Señor Vivo and the Coca Lord	author	Louis de Bernières
The Troublesome Offspring of Cardinal Guzman	author	Louis de Bernières
The Glory	author	Herman Wouk
Faust up to date	author	George Robert Sims
Faust up to date	author	Henry Pettitt
A God in Ruins	author	Leon Uris
Bloodbrothers (novel)	author	Richard Price (writer)
The Unsex'd Females	author	Richard Polwhele
Work: A Story of Experience	author	Louisa May Alcott
Better Than Sex (book)	author	Hunter S. Thompson
Skulduggery Pleasant	author	Derek Landy
Original Sin: Illuminating the Riddle	author	Henri Blocher
Venture to the Moon	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Letters to Felice	author	Franz Kafka
The Golden Rendezvous	author	Alistair MacLean
A Good Man in Africa (novel)	author	William Boyd (writer)
An Ice-Cream War	author	William Boyd (writer)
Nat Tate: An American Artist 1928-1960	author	William Boyd (writer)
Armadillo (novel)	author	William Boyd (writer)
Touching Darkness	author	Scott Westerfeld
Time and the Gods	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
The Troika	author	Stepan Chapman
The Survivors of the 'Jonathan'	author	Jules Verne
The Survivors of the 'Jonathan'	author	Michel Verne
Eye (Frank Herbert)	author	Frank Herbert
Sir Green Hat and the Wizard	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Hold on to Your Kids (book)	author	Gordon Neufeld
Hold on to Your Kids (book)	author	Gabor Maté (physician)
Skywriting by Word of Mouth	author	John Lennon
Ford Sync	author	Ford Motor Company
Elgar (film)	author	Ken Russell
Elgar (film)	author	Huw Wheldon
NowPublic	author	Michael Tippett (businessman)
NowPublic	author	Leonard Brody
NowPublic	author	Michael E. Meyers (businessman)
The Blue Afternoon	author	William Boyd (writer)
The Politics of Religious Apostasy	author	David G. Bromley
The Summoner	author	Gail Z. Martin
Blue Noon	author	Scott Westerfeld
The Plucker	author	Gerald Brom
The Bookshop	author	Penelope Fitzgerald
The Beast House	author	Richard Laymon
The Midnight Tour	author	Richard Laymon
Zero Cool	author	Michael Crichton
No Way to Treat a First Lady	author	Christopher Buckley (novelist)
Happy New Year (musical)	author	Burt Shevelove
Saturday Night Fever (musical)	author	Nan Knighton
Saturday Night Fever (musical)	author	Arlene Phillips
Saturday Night Fever (musical)	author	Paul Nicholas
Saturday Night Fever (musical)	author	Robert Stigwood
Encyclopedia of Life	author	John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation
Encyclopedia of Life	author	Alfred P. Sloan Foundation
The Islamist	author	Ed Husain
Crispin: At the Edge of the World	author	Avi (author)
A Hope in the Unseen	author	Ron Suskind
Youth (Conrad story)	author	Joseph Conrad
God Is Not Great	author	Christopher Hitchens
Bid Time Return	author	Richard Matheson
Ozoneweb	author	Atkins (company)
Mister B. Gone	author	Clive Barker
De Re Atari	author	Chris Crawford (game designer)
Halo: Contact Harvest	author	Joseph Staten
Fire in the Minds of Men: Origins of the Revolutionary Faith	author	James H. Billington
Little Green Men (novel)	author	Christopher Buckley (novelist)
Boeing-Boeing (play)	author	Marc Camoletti (playwright)
Pikeo	author	Orange Labs
Zoomerang.com	author	MarketTools
Building a Better Business	author	Patrick Dixon
Winter of Fire	author	Sherryl Jordan
From Slogans to Mantras	author	Stephen A. Kent
The White Lioness	author	Henning Mankell
The Man Who Smiled	author	Henning Mankell
The Fifth Woman	author	Henning Mankell
One Step Behind (novel)	author	Henning Mankell
Before the Frost	author	Henning Mankell
End Games	author	Michael Dibdin
The Draining Lake	author	Arnaldur Indriðason
Black Man	author	Richard Morgan (author)
Not in the Flesh	author	Ruth Rendell
Dark Fire (Feehan novel)	author	Christine Feehan
The Starship Trap	author	Mel Gilden
Cults: Faith, Healing and Coercion	author	Marc Galanter (psychiatrist)
America Alone	author	Mark Steyn
Comprehensive History of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints	author	B. H. Roberts
Rusty String Quartet	author	Raegan Butcher
Stone Hotel	author	Raegan Butcher
Depths (novel)	author	Henning Mankell
Kennedy's Brain	author	Henning Mankell
Blood Secret	author	Kathryn Lasky
The House of the Arrow (novel)	author	A. E. W. Mason
Inside Delta Force	author	Eric L. Haney
DisneyChannel.com	author	Disney Channel
The Duchess of Padua	author	Oscar Wilde
All Gods Children (book)	author	Carroll Stoner
All Gods Children (book)	author	Jo Anne Parke
Letters to a Young Brother	author	Hill Harper
Florence of Arabia	author	Christopher Buckley (novelist)
Dr. Mukti and Other Tales of Woe	author	Will Self
Overclocked: Stories of the Future Present	author	Cory Doctorow
Dark Demon	author	Christine Feehan
The Challenge of the Cults and New Religions	author	Ron Rhodes
Dark Reflections	author	Samuel R. Delany
Dark Secret	author	Christine Feehan
We Real Cool: Black Men and Masculinity	author	Bell hooks
Gavin & Stacey	author	James Corden
Gavin & Stacey	author	Ruth Jones
Fools Crow	author	James Welch (writer)
The Psychology of the Psychic	author	David Marks (psychologist)
The New Green Consumer Guide	author	Julia Hailes
Forest of the Pygmies	author	Isabel Allende
The Essential Charles Eastman (Ohiyesa)	author	Charles Eastman
Three Months in the Southern States	author	Arthur Fremantle
The Diamond as Big as the Ritz	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
Mevio	author	Adam Curry
Hollywood (Vidal novel)	author	Gore Vidal
The Behavior of Organisms	author	B. F. Skinner
Phat Sein Kywan Taung Shwe Wuttu-to Myar	author	Khin Khin Htoo
The Carbon War: Global Warming and the End of the Oil Era	author	Jeremy Leggett
Half Gone: Oil, Gas, Hot Air and the Global Energy Crisis	author	Jeremy Leggett
The Monkey's Raincoat	author	Robert Crais
Scales of the Serpent	author	Richard A. Knaak
Love and War (Dragonlance)	author	Margaret Weis
Love and War (Dragonlance)	author	Tracy Hickman
Parrish (novel)	author	Mildred Savage
Exit Ghost	author	Philip Roth
The Invention of Hugo Cabret	author	Brian Selznick
The Weir	author	Conor McPherson
The Excalibur Alternative	author	David Weber
Cirie (novel)	author	Mildred Savage
Birthright (Diablo novel)	author	Richard A. Knaak
Doctor Dolittle's Circus	author	Hugh Lofting
Doctor Dolittle's Caravan	author	Hugh Lofting
Superstars (Ann Scott novel)	author	Ann Scott
The Cockroaches (novel)	author	Jo Nesbø
Who Is Guru Maharaj Ji?	author	Charles Cameron (author)
Who Is Guru Maharaj Ji?	author	Rennie Davis
Het Huis Anubis	author	Jeroen van der Zee
A Christian Turn'd Turk	author	Robert Daborne
1 Litre no Namida	author	Aya Kitō
The Debt Collector (novel)	author	James Scott DeLane
Courting Justice	author	David Boies
MarilynManson.com	author	Marilyn Manson (band)
Reading Myself and Others	author	Philip Roth
The Last Summer (of You and Me)	author	Ann Brashares
Phoenix and Ashes	author	Mercedes Lackey
Nightwood	author	Djuna Barnes
First, Break All the Rules	author	Marcus Buckingham
Microsoft Popfly	author	Microsoft
The Giant Jam Sandwich	author	John Vernon Lord
The Sword of Welleran and Other Stories	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
Invader Zim	author	Frank Conniff
Invader Zim	author	Roman Dirge
Invader Zim	author	Jhonen Vasquez
The Enemy Within (Michael Savage)	author	Michael Savage (commentator)
The Tenth City	author	Patrick Carman
Dayworld	author	Philip José Farmer
The Cry of the Icemark	author	Stuart Hill (author)
Gilda Joyce	author	Jennifer Allison
Gilda Joyce: The Ladies of the Lake	author	Jennifer Allison
Darker Than You Think	author	Jack Williamson
Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith (book)	author	Joseph Smith
Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith (book)	author	Joseph Fielding Smith
The Gum Thief	author	Douglas Coupland
The Veiled Prophet (novel)	author	Richard A. Knaak
Beautiful Stranger (novel)	author	Zoey Dean
British Summertime (novel)	author	Paul Cornell
Inshallah (novel)	author	Oriana Fallaci
The Modern World (novel)	author	Steph Swainston
The Roman Hat Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
The French Powder Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
How Doctors Think	author	Jerome Groopman
Lion of Macedon	author	David Gemmell
Four Nights in Knaresborough	author	Paul Webb (writer)
The Fix (musical)	author	John Dempsey (lyricist)
Funny Face (musical)	author	Paul Girard Smith
Funny Face (musical)	author	Fred Thompson (writer)
Sit Down and Shut Up	author	Brad Warner
Deuce (play)	author	Terrence McNally
The Dig (novel)	author	John Preston
The Dutch Shoe Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
The Greek Coffin Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
The Egyptian Cross Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
The American Gun Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
The Siamese Twin Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
Promised Land (novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Argall: The True Story of Pocahontas and Captain John Smith	author	William T. Vollmann
My Girl (2005 TV series)	author	Hong Jung Eun
My Girl (2005 TV series)	author	Hong Mi Ran
LETTERS (novel)	author	John Barth
The Lord of the Rings (theatre)	author	Matthew Warchus
The Lord of the Rings (theatre)	author	Shaun McKenna
Breathing for a Living	author	Laura Rothenberg
The Judas Window	author	John Dickson Carr
The Danny Kaye Show	author	Herbert Baker
The Danny Kaye Show	author	Billy Barnes
Cloud Boy	author	Rhode Montijo
The Wood Beyond the World	author	William Morris
The Sundering Flood	author	William Morris
The Water of the Wondrous Isles	author	William Morris
The Big Fellow	author	Frank O'Connor
IBM and the Holocaust	author	Edwin Black
The Country of the Blind and Other Stories	author	H. G. Wells
Bloodline (Cary novel)	author	Kate Cary
The Garden Murder Case	author	S. S. Van Dine
Thomas Jefferson: Author of America	author	Christopher Hitchens
Love, Poverty, and War: Journeys and Essays	author	Christopher Hitchens
Xanadu (musical)	author	Douglas Carter Beane
Why Orwell Matters	author	Christopher Hitchens
The Rain God	author	Arturo Islas
Agatha Christie: A Life in Pictures	author	Richard Curson Smith
Letters to a Young Contrarian	author	Christopher Hitchens
Firebug (web development)	author	Joe Hewitt (programmer)
The Chinese Orange Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
The Spanish Cape Mystery	author	Ellery Queen
The Lamp of God	author	Ellery Queen
Dawn (McLaughlin novel)	author	Dean McLaughlin
The King's Damosel	author	Vera Chapman
The Blues Brothers (novel)	author	Mitch Glazer
Cripps the Carrier	author	R. D. Blackmore
Pather Panchali (novel)	author	Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay
Contingency, Irony, and Solidarity	author	Richard Rorty
The Last Sin Eater	author	Francine Rivers
The Atonement Child	author	Francine Rivers
Halfway House (novel)	author	Ellery Queen
Aunt Jane's Nieces Out West	author	L. Frank Baum
Aunt Jane's Nieces on the Ranch	author	L. Frank Baum
If They Give You Lined Paper, Write Sideways	author	Daniel Quinn
The Prince (novel)	author	Francine Rivers
Moonshine (novel)	author	Rob Thurman
The Final Deduction	author	Rex Stout
The 100 Most Influential Books Ever Written (book)	author	Martin Seymour-Smith
Samurai Widow	author	Judith Belushi Pisano
Belushi: A Biography	author	Judith Belushi Pisano
Belushi: A Biography	author	Tanner Colby
Winning the Oil Endgame	author	Amory Lovins
May Bird and the Ever After	author	Jodi Lynn Anderson
You Will Go to the Moon (book)	author	Mae and Ira Freeman
Death in Silver (Doc Savage)	author	Lester Dent
Stations (Heaney)	author	Seamus Heaney
Aunt Jane's Nieces on Vacation	author	L. Frank Baum
Twice Brightly	author	Harry Secombe
Second Glance	author	Jodi Picoult
Discovery! The Search for Arabian Oil	author	Wallace Stegner
The John Riddell Murder Case	author	Corey Ford
It's Kind of a Funny Story	author	Ned Vizzini
The Moral Animal	author	Robert Wright (journalist)
Grand Canary (novel)	author	A. J. Cronin
The Scarlet Thread	author	Francine Rivers
Folk and Fairy Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
The Lottery Rose	author	Irene Hunt
Little Children (novel)	author	Tom Perrotta
The Landscape of Love	author	Sally Beauman
Wizard, the Life and Times of Nikola Tesla	author	Marc Seifer
Tesla: Man Out of Time	author	Margaret Cheney
The Fantastic Inventions of Nikola Tesla	author	Nikola Tesla
The Fantastic Inventions of Nikola Tesla	author	David Hatcher Childress
The Complete Patents of Nikola Tesla	author	Nikola Tesla
The Complete Patents of Nikola Tesla	author	Jim Glenn
The Inventions, Researches, and Writings of Nikola Tesla	author	Thomas Commerford Martin
Prodigal Genius: The Life of Nikola Tesla	author	John Joseph O'Neill (journalist)
The Man Who Invented the Twentieth Century	author	Robert Lomas
Colorado Springs Notes, 1899–1900	author	Nikola Tesla
Colorado Springs Notes, 1899–1900	author	Aleksandar Marinčić
Colorado Springs Notes, 1899–1900	author	Vojin Popović
Dr. Nikola Tesla Bibliography	author	John T. Ratzlaff
Dr. Nikola Tesla Bibliography	author	Leland I. Anderson
Himalaya (book)	author	Michael Palin
The House That Berry Built	author	Dornford Yates
Promise Not to Tell	author	Jennifer McMahon
A Dedicated Man	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
Seeker (novel)	author	Jack McDevitt
Inside Himalaya	author	Basil Pao
Inside Sahara	author	Basil Pao
Tales of Space and Time	author	H. G. Wells
Vivapets.com	author	Memoria Visual
The Dot	author	Peter H. Reynolds
Snuff (Palahniuk novel)	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Is Shakespeare Dead?	author	Mark Twain
Sacred Journeys	author	James V. Downton
Moments of Reprieve	author	Primo Levi
Anti-intellectualism in American Life	author	Richard Hofstadter
History of the Russian Revolution	author	Leon Trotsky
Sitt Marie Rose	author	Etel Adnan
Full Circle – Michael Palin	author	Michael Palin
Dateline: Toronto	author	Ernest Hemingway
Starcross (novel)	author	Philip Reeve
Oath of Swords	author	David Weber
Thomas Paine's "Rights of Man": A Biography	author	Christopher Hitchens
Cloud Pictures	author	Francis Henry Underwood
Japan Sinks	author	Sakyo Komatsu
Pole to Pole – The Photographs	author	Basil Pao
Silence (novel)	author	Shusaku Endo
In the Belly of the Bloodhound	author	L.A. Meyer
Maske: Thaery	author	Jack Vance
Benefactors (play)	author	Michael Frayn
With Women	author	David Vernon (writer)
Red China Blues: My Long March from Mao to Now	author	Jan Wong
Kindred Spirits (novel)	author	Mark Anthony (writer)
The Football Factory (novel)	author	John King (author)
Red is for Remembrance	author	Laurie Faria Stolarz
Bajo las Riendas del Amor	author	Katia R. Estrada
Bajo las Riendas del Amor	author	Enna Márquez
A Dreamer's Tales	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
Five Plays	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
Full Circle – The Photographs	author	Basil Pao
A Question of Guilt	author	Carolyn Keene
Please Understand Me	author	David Keirsey
Please Understand Me	author	Marilyn Bates
The Six Messiahs	author	Mark Frost
Empress Orchid	author	Anchee Min
Coming of Age (BBC TV series)	author	Tim Dawson
True Grit (novel)	author	Charles Portis
Terre Haute (play)	author	Edmund White
Ciske de Rat	author	Piet Bakker (writer)
Snowball's Chance	author	John Reed (novelist)
NASAspaceflight.com	author	Chris Bergin (journalist)
Letters to Milena	author	Franz Kafka
Dark River (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
Ciné si	author	Michel Ocelot
Capitalist Nigger	author	Chika Onyeani (author)
How to Shop with Mary Queen of Shops	author	Mary Portas
Nothing Sacred (TV series)	author	Lee Blessing
Around the World in 80 Days (Michael Palin book)	author	Michael Palin
The Solarians	author	Norman Spinrad
Confessions of a Thug (novel)	author	Philip Meadows Taylor
The Lost Warrior (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
A Necessary End	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
The Hanging Valley	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
Past Reason Hated	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
Wednesday's Child (novel)	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
Vi är inte ensamma	author	Margit Sandemo
Rafta, Rafta...	author	Ayub Khan-Din
Sahara (Michael Palin)	author	Michael Palin
Dry Bones That Dream	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
Innocent Graves	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
Dead Right	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
Skimrande vårar	author	Margit Sandemo
In a Dry Season	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
Forty Words for Sorrow	author	Giles Blunt
The Blind Man of Seville	author	Robert Wilson (crime novelist)
The White Knight (book)	author	Alexander L. Taylor
Passport to Latin America	author	Samantha Brown
Woman's World (novel)	author	Graham Rawle
The Silent and the Damned	author	Robert Wilson (crime novelist)
The Hidden Assassins	author	Robert Wilson (crime novelist)
Hemingway Adventure (book)	author	Michael Palin
Grimble	author	Clement Freud
The Generals (novel)	author	Simon Scarrow
Encyclopedia of the History of Arabic Science	author	Roshdi Rashed
It Can Happen Here	author	Joe Conason
Stone Fox	author	John Reynolds Gardiner
OVGuide	author	Entrepreneur
OVGuide	author	David Bohnett
OVGuide	author	Chairman
Bulldog Drummond (novel)	author	H. C. McNeile
Visst katten har djuren själ!	author	Margit Sandemo
The Book of Wonder	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
The Last Book of Wonder	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
Cold is the Grave	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
Aftermath (Peter Robinson novel)	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
The Summer That Never Was	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
Playing with Fire (novel)	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
Strange Affair (novel)	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
Piece of My Heart (novel)	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
Friend of the Devil (novel)	author	Peter Robinson (novelist)
Kjære Margit	author	Margit Sandemo
Don't Look Back (novel)	author	Karin Fossum
He Who Fears the Wolf	author	Karin Fossum
When the Devil Holds the Candle	author	Karin Fossum
Black Seconds	author	Karin Fossum
The Almost Moon	author	Alice Sebold
Playing for Pizza	author	John Grisham
Deu Sözlük	author	Sir baracuda
Deu Sözlük	author	Umehmet
The Bondwoman's Narrative	author	Hannah Crafts
The Reagan Diaries	author	Ronald Reagan
The Reagan Diaries	author	Douglas Brinkley
Between Mom and Jo	author	Julie Anne Peters
1945 (Conroy novel)	author	Robert Conroy
The Savage Detectives	author	Roberto Bolaño
City of the Dead (novel)	author	Brian Keene
City of the Rats	author	Jennifer Rowe
Drömmen om en vän	author	Margit Sandemo
The Bourne Ultimatum	author	Robert Ludlum
Pacific War series	author	Newt Gingrich
Pacific War series	author	William R. Forstchen
Pacific War series  Days Of Infamy   1	author	Newt Gingrich
Pacific War series  Days Of Infamy   1	author	William R. Forstchen
Ensam i världen	author	Margit Sandemo
Skattejakten (novel)	author	Margit Sandemo
Among Grizzlies	author	Timothy Treadwell
Among Grizzlies	author	Jewel Palovak
Abominable Firebug	author	Richard B. Johnson
Just Kidding (novel)	author	Beacon Street Girls
A Catered Affair	author	Harvey Fierstein
Tomorrow (novel)	author	Graham Swift
The Third Part of the Pilgrim's Progress	author	Anonymous work
Mr. Tucket	author	Gary Paulsen
Call Me Francis Tucket	author	Gary Paulsen
Tucket's Ride	author	Gary Paulsen
Tucket's Gold	author	Gary Paulsen
Tucket's Home	author	Gary Paulsen
The Proteus Operation	author	James P. Hogan
Nicaragua Betrayed	author	Anastasio Somoza Debayle
Grow Up (book)	author	Keith Allen (actor)
The Tony Years	author	Craig Brown (satirist)
This Is Craig Brown	author	Craig Brown (satirist)
Mélusine (novel)	author	Sarah Monette
The Virtu (novel)	author	Sarah Monette
The Mirador (novel)	author	Sarah Monette
Visual Intercept	author	Elsinore Technologies Inc.
Just Listen (novel)	author	Sarah Dessen
Evening Class (novel)	author	Maeve Binchy
Quentins	author	Maeve Binchy
Love and Other Impossible Pursuits	author	Ayelet Waldman
Transitions (novel series)	author	R. A. Salvatore
Transitions (novel series)  The Pirate King   1	author	R. A. Salvatore
Transitions (novel series)  The Ghost King   1	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Wide, Wide World	author	Susan Warner
Brewer's Rogues, Villains and Eccentrics	author	William Donaldson
Airman (novel)	author	Eoin Colfer
Children of God (novel)	author	Mary Doria Russell
The Weight-Loss Cure "They" Don't Want You to Know About	author	Kevin Trudeau
The Last English King	author	Julian Rathbone
Swordbird	author	Nancy Yi Fan
More William	author	Richmal Crompton
67: The Maple Leafs, Their Sensational Victory, and the End of an Empire	author	Damien Cox
67: The Maple Leafs, Their Sensational Victory, and the End of an Empire	author	Gord Stellick
House of Suns	author	Alastair Reynolds
Growing Up Brady	author	Barry Williams
Growing Up Brady	author	Robert Reed
Sun Storm	author	Åsa Larsson
A Place of Execution	author	Val McDermid
Paul of Dune	author	Brian Herbert
Paul of Dune	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Death Masks (novel)	author	Jim Butcher
Angle of Yaw	author	Ben Lerner
The Legend of Red Horse Cavern	author	Gary Paulsen
Rodomonte's Revenge	author	Gary Paulsen
Processional (play)	author	John Howard Lawson
Escape from Fire Mountain	author	Gary Paulsen
The Return (novel)	author	Håkan Nesser
The Shape of Water	author	Andrea Camilleri
The Terracotta Dog	author	Andrea Camilleri
The Snack Thief	author	Andrea Camilleri
Anything But Straight	author	Wayne Besen
The Blood Spilt	author	Åsa Larsson
Shame (Alvtegen novel)	author	Karin Alvtegen
The Whole Lesbian Sex Book: A Passionate Guide for All of Us	author	Felice Newman
Magic's Child	author	Justine Larbalestier
Magic Lessons	author	Justine Larbalestier
The Land (Mildred D. Taylor)	author	Mildred D. Taylor
Magic or Madness	author	Justine Larbalestier
Earth (Farca novel)	author	Marie C. Farca
Scarlet Feather	author	Maeve Binchy
Verdigris Deep	author	Frances Hardinge
Tales of Three Hemispheres	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
Sink or Swim (TV series)	author	Alex Shearer
Cugel's Saga	author	Jack Vance
DailyTech	author	Kristopher Kubicki(journalist)
Bruce Lee: The Man Only I Knew	author	Linda Lee Cadwell
Bound for Glory (book)	author	Woody Guthrie
The Broken Spears	author	Miguel León-Portilla
Blue Latitudes	author	Tony Horwitz
Soul Rush	author	Sophia Collier
The Pump House Gang	author	Tom Wolfe
Underbelly (TV series)	author	Greg Haddrick
Skin & Bones (Hardy Boys novel)	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Shifting Sands	author	Jennifer Rowe
Den mörka sanningen	author	Margit Sandemo
The King of the Copper Mountains	author	Paul Biegel
The Scarlet Plague	author	Jack London
Sons of Destiny	author	Darren Shan
The Candle in the Wind	author	T. H. White
Forgotten Voices of the Great War	author	Max Arthur
Forgotten Voices of the Holocaust	author	Lyn Smith
Forgotten Voices of the Second World War	author	Max Arthur
Forgotten Voices of the Blitz and the Battle of Britain	author	Joshua Levine
Forgotten Voices of the Falklands	author	Hugh McManners
The Voice of the Violin	author	Andrea Camilleri
Excursion to Tindari	author	Andrea Camilleri
Rounding the Mark	author	Andrea Camilleri
The Scent of the Night	author	Andrea Camilleri
Hotel Babylon (novel)	author	Imogen Edwards-Jones
The Last Boleyn	author	Karen Harper
Pity Is Not Enough	author	Josephine Herbst
My Life as a Fake	author	Peter Carey (novelist)
Someecards	author	Someecards
Someecards	author	Someecards
The Overlook	author	Michael Connelly
Ragged Dick	author	Horatio Alger, Jr.
Immaterial (collection)	author	Rob Hood
Sword Song (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Highfield Mole	author	Roderick Gordon
Claudine at St.Clare's	author	Enid Blyton
You've Got to Have a Dream	author	Ian Bradley
Pop. 1280	author	Jim Thompson (writer)
The Witch of Portobello	author	Paulo Coelho
Tonto Basin (novel)	author	Zane Grey
Through a Glass, Clearly	author	Isaac Asimov
The Crack-Up	author	F. Scott Fitzgerald
Echo Park (novel)	author	Michael Connelly
The Laws of Physics	author	Milton A. Rothman
A Ramble Round the Globe	author	Thomas Dewar, 1st Baron Dewar
Skinner's Rules	author	Quintin Jardine
Skinner's Trail	author	Quintin Jardine
Pilgrims (short story collection)	author	Elizabeth Gilbert
Manliness (book)	author	Harvey Mansfield
Out Stealing Horses	author	Per Petterson
Sunneva Jaarlintytär	author	Kaari Utrio
Sunneva keisarin kaupungissa	author	Kaari Utrio
Vehkalahden neidot	author	Kaari Utrio
South By South East	author	Anthony Horowitz
The Prisoner of Zhamanak	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Kartanonherra ja kaunis Kirstin	author	Kaari Utrio
Pirita, Karjalan tytär	author	Kaari Utrio
Viipurin kaunotar	author	Kaari Utrio
Aatelisneito, porvaristyttö	author	Kaari Utrio
Eva Luna	author	Isabel Allende
Orphan at My Door	author	Jean Little
It's Superman!	author	Tom De Haven
Team Rodent	author	Carl Hiaasen
Skallagrigg	author	William Horwood (novelist)
Kun nainen hallitsi, rakasti ja vihasi	author	Kaari Utrio
Wideacre	author	Philippa Gregory
People of the Wolf	author	W. Michael Gear
People of the Wolf	author	Kathleen O'Neal Gear
South Park and Philosophy: Bigger, Longer, and More Penetrating	author	Richard Hanley
Pirkkalan pyhät pihlajat	author	Kaari Utrio
Pappilan neidot	author	Kaari Utrio
Rakas Henrietta	author	Kaari Utrio
Karjalan kruunu	author	Kaari Utrio
Rautalilja	author	Kaari Utrio
Neidontanssi	author	Kaari Utrio
Katarinan taru	author	Kaari Utrio
Pormestarin tytär	author	Kaari Utrio
Hons and Rebels	author	Jessica Mitford
Ruusulaakso	author	Kaari Utrio
East of Samarinda	author	Carl Richard Jacobi
Scarlet Riders	author	Don Hutchison (writer)
Oxford Latin Dictionary	author	P. G. W. Glare
Lucky (novel)	author	Cecily von Ziegesar
Muhammad: A Prophet for Our Time	author	Karen Armstrong
Secret of the Sirens	author	Julia Golding
Toast: And Other Rusted Futures	author	Charles Stross
Girl, Missing	author	Sophie McKenzie
The Secret of the Mansion	author	Julie Campbell
Office Open XML Converter	author	Microsoft
Anatomy of a Typeface	author	Alexander S. Lawson
The God Box	author	Alex Sánchez (author)
Briar Rose (novel)	author	Jane Yolen
Kensuke's Kingdom	author	Michael Morpurgo
Death at La Fenice	author	Donna Leon
Hearitfirst.com	author	EMI Christian Music Group
Sun and Shadow	author	Åke Edwardson
Up 'n' Under	author	John Godber
Frozen Tracks	author	Åke Edwardson
Things That Fall from the Sky	author	Kevin Brockmeier
The Jaguar Smile	author	Salman Rushdie
Six Days or Forever?	author	Ray Ginger
Fireworks: Nine Profane Pieces	author	Angela Carter
The Testament (Ludlum novel)	author	Eric Van Lustbader
Birth of a Salesman	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Computer Nut	author	Betsy Byars
Porvarin morsian	author	Kaari Utrio
Riptide (novel)	author	Douglas Preston
Riptide (novel)	author	Lincoln Child
Isabella (novel)	author	Kaari Utrio
Tulin onneni yrttitarhaan	author	Kaari Utrio
Tulin onneni yrttitarhaan	author	Salme Saure
The Finishing Stroke	author	Ellery Queen
Fablehaven: Rise of the Evening Star	author	Brandon Mull
Power Rangers Jungle Fury	author	Bruce Kalish
Power Rangers Jungle Fury	author	Jackie Marchand
Disappearance (novel)	author	Jude Watson
The Liar (Corneille)	author	Pierre Corneille
The House at Riverton	author	Kate Morton
Kuka olet, Elissa?	author	Kaari Utrio
Vendela (novel)	author	Kaari Utrio
Haukka, minun rakkaani	author	Kaari Utrio
Sticky Wicket at Blandings	author	P. G. Wodehouse
A Tragic Legacy	author	Glenn Greenwald
Encyclopedia Brunoniana	author	Martha Mitchell (author)
Interventions	author	Noam Chomsky
Vanajan Joanna	author	Kaari Utrio
Vaskilintu	author	Kaari Utrio
Uhritulet	author	Kaari Utrio
Kuukiven kevät	author	Kaari Utrio
Profit over People: Neoliberalism and Global Order	author	Noam Chomsky
Little Dorrit (TV serial)	author	Andrew Davies (writer)
Little Dorrit (TV serial)	author	Charles Dickens
The Easter Parade	author	Richard Yates (novelist)
Wilco: Learning How to Die	author	Greg Kot
Miniatures Handbook	author	Jonathan Tweet
Miniatures Handbook	author	Mike Donais
Miniatures Handbook	author	Skaff Elias
Spider Kiss	author	Harlan Ellison
Ophelia's Revenge	author	Rebecca Reisert
World Orders Old and New	author	Noam Chomsky
Artemis Fowl: The Graphic Novel	author	Eoin Colfer
Dogland (novel)	author	Will Shetterly
Abrázame Muy Fuerte	author	René Muñoz
Abrázame Muy Fuerte	author	Liliana Abud
BayImg	author	The Pirate Bay
Slinky Malinki	author	Lynley Dodd
The Stork Club (book)	author	Imogen Edwards-Jones
Hairy Maclary's Bone	author	Lynley Dodd
Slinky Malinki Open The Door	author	Lynley Dodd
Anthills of the Savannah	author	Chinua Achebe
Beyond the Gates of Dream	author	Lin Carter
The Gift (Croggon novel)	author	Alison Croggon
Tuulihaukka	author	Kaari Utrio
Travels in the Scriptorium	author	Paul Auster
Imperialism, the Highest Stage of Capitalism	author	Vladimir Lenin
Silencing Dissent: How the Australian Government Is Controlling Public Opinion and Stifling Debate	author	Clive Hamilton
Silencing Dissent: How the Australian Government Is Controlling Public Opinion and Stifling Debate	author	Sarah Maddison
The Secret Battle	author	A. P. Herbert
Frisk (novel)	author	Dennis Cooper
Tribal Scars	author	Ousmane Sembène
Aztec Autumn	author	Gary Jennings
Creatures of the Night (non-fiction book)	author	Sal Piro
The Singing	author	Alison Croggon
Lost Worlds (Lin Carter)	author	Lin Carter
Yellow Face	author	David Henry Hwang
A Wrinkle in the Skin	author	Samuel Youd
The Adventures of Mao on the Long March	author	Frederic Tuten
The Mailroom: Hollywood History from the Bottom Up	author	David Rensin
Side Order of Life	author	Margaret Nagle
Heavens Cafe	author	John Miner
IDRISI	author	J. Ronald Eastman
More Ghost Stories	author	M. R. James
The Fire Thief (novel)	author	Terry Deary
Skinner's Round	author	Quintin Jardine
Mad Men	author	Matthew Weiner
Mad Men	author	Lisa Albert
Mad Men	author	Jane Anderson
Mad Men	author	Rick Cleveland
Mad Men	author	Andrew Colville (writer)
Mad Men	author	Kater Gordon
Mad Men	author	Cathryn Humphris
Mad Men	author	Andre Jacquemetton
Mad Men	author	Maria Jacquemetton
Mad Men	author	Brett Johnson (writer)
Mad Men	author	Erin Levy
Mad Men	author	Marti Noxon
Mad Men	author	Tom Palmer (writer)
Mad Men	author	Chris Provenzano
Mad Men	author	Robin Veith
Mad Men	author	Dahvi Waller
Strange Toys	author	Patricia Geary
Carter Beats the Devil	author	Glen David Gold
House of Meetings	author	Martin Amis
ANobii	author	Greg Sung
Emperor (Stephen Baxter)	author	Stephen Baxter
The Haunted Castle (book)	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Corografia Brasílica	author	Manuel Aires de Casal
Caramuru (epic poem)	author	Santa Rita Durão
The Xothic Legend Cycle: The Complete Mythos Fiction of Lin Carter	author	Lin Carter
Dragon Harper	author	Anne McCaffrey
Dragon Harper	author	Todd McCaffrey
The Endless Steppe	author	Esther Hautzig
Six Days of War	author	Michael Oren
Ekşi Sözlük	author	Ekşi Sözlük
Ekşi Sözlük	author	Murat Arslan
Iisalmen serkku ja muita kertomuksia	author	Kaari Utrio
Pride and Prejudice (musical)	author	Bernard J. Taylor
Yksisarvinen	author	Kaari Utrio
The Wolves of Willoughby Chase	author	Joan Aiken
Twisted (novel)	author	Laurie Halse Anderson
Ruma kreivitär	author	Kaari Utrio
Saippuaprinsessa	author	Kaari Utrio
Ilkeät sisarpuolet	author	Kaari Utrio
Second Chance: Three Presidents and the Crisis of American Superpower	author	Zbigniew Brzezinski
The Man Who Ate the Phoenix	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
The Magic of Atlantis	author	Lin Carter
Turnaround: Crisis, Leadership, and the Olympic Games	author	Mitt Romney
A Catalogue of Crime	author	Jacques Barzun
A Catalogue of Crime	author	Wendell Hertig Taylor
From the Holy Mountain	author	William Dalrymple (historian)
The Age of Kali	author	William Dalrymple (historian)
Begums Thugs and White Mughals	author	Fanny Parkes
The Last Mughal	author	William Dalrymple (historian)
Beowulf and Grendel (book)	author	John Grigsby
A Flame in the Wind	author	Gordon Russell
The Young Marrieds	author	James Elward
The Young Marrieds	author	Frances Rickett
The Young Marrieds	author	John Pascal
The Young Marrieds	author	Francine Pascal
On the Banks of Plum Creek	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Fablehaven: Grip of the Shadow Plague	author	Brandon Mull
Rainforest (novel)	author	Jenny Diski
Javapedia	author	Sun Microsystems
Confessions of Felix Krull	author	Thomas Mann
Swimming Without a Net (novel)	author	MaryJanice Davidson
The Plague Court Murders	author	John Dickson Carr
A Bridge to Wiseman's Cove	author	James Moloney
A Baby Story	author	Jennifer MacLean
The Dare Game	author	Jacqueline Wilson
The Day of the Owl	author	Leonardo Sciascia
Jurassic Park Adventures: Survivor	author	Scott Ciencin
Jurassic Park Adventures: Prey	author	Scott Ciencin
Jurassic Park Adventures: Flyers	author	Scott Ciencin
Critique of Criminal Reason	author	Michael Gregorio
Pretty Little Liars	author	Sara Shepard
Pretty Little Liars  Wicked   1	author	Sara Shepard
Pretty Little Liars  Killer   1	author	Sara Shepard
Pretty Little Liars  Heartless   1	author	Sara Shepard
Pretty Little Liars  Wanted   1	author	Sara Shepard
Pretty Little Liars  Twisted   1	author	Sara Shepard
Pretty Little Liars  Ruthless   1	author	Sara Shepard
Fire Star (novel)	author	Chris d'Lacey
The Fire Eternal	author	Chris d'Lacey
The Far Side Gallery	author	Gary Larson
The Far Side Gallery 2	author	Gary Larson
The Far Side Gallery 3	author	Gary Larson
The Far Side Gallery 5	author	Gary Larson
The Pig Scrolls	author	Paul Shipton
The Swords of Zinjaban	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Swords of Zinjaban	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
The Shattered Sphere	author	Roger MacBride Allen
Critical Path (book)	author	Buckminster Fuller
Double Cross (novel)	author	James Patterson
The Bones of Zora	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Bones of Zora	author	Catherine Crook de Camp
The Politics of Bones	author	J. Timothy Hunt
The Edge of Evolution	author	Michael Behe
The Glass Books of the Dream Eaters	author	Gordon Dahlquist
Maureen Birnbaum, Barbarian Swordsperson	author	George Alec Effinger
Pioneer, Go Home!	author	Richard P. Powell
A March into Darkness	author	Robert Newcomb
The Pirates! in an Adventure with Napoleon	author	Gideon Defoe
Promise Me (novel)	author	Harlan Coben
Amores de mercado	author	Basilio Álvarez
Amores de mercado	author	Irene Calacano
Amores de mercado	author	Gennys Perez
Amores de mercado	author	Eric Vonn
Igraine the Brave	author	Cornelia Funke
Palace of Desire	author	Naguib Mahfouz
The Semantic Turn	author	Klaus Krippendorff
Beginning with a Bash	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
The Cut Direct	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Cold Steal	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
The Left Leg	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
The Hollow Chest	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
File for Record	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Dead Ernest (novel)	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
The Iron Clew	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Murder at the New York World's Fair	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Small Favor	author	Jim Butcher
The Hand in the Glove	author	Rex Stout
The Land of the Silver Apples	author	Nancy Farmer
Twisted Souls	author	Shaun Hutson
The Alchemyst: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel	author	Michael Scott (Irish author)
The Conan Chronicles, 2	author	Robert E. Howard
Eggs (novel)	author	Jerry Spinelli
Landscape (play)	author	Harold Pinter
Jorkens Borrows Another Whiskey	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
The Dragon Waiting	author	John M. Ford
Mountain Cat	author	Rex Stout
Skinner's Ordeal	author	Quintin Jardine
Rapzilla	author	Philip Rood
The Far Shore of Time	author	Frederik Pohl
Saraband of Lost Time	author	Richard Grant (author)
The Big Oyster: History on the Half Shell	author	Mark Kurlansky
The Lincoln Lawyer	author	Michael Connelly
Maybe the Moon	author	Armistead Maupin
Skinner's Mission	author	Quintin Jardine
J.R.R. Tolkien Encyclopedia	author	Michael D. C. Drout
Skinner's Ghosts	author	Quintin Jardine
Murmuring the Judges	author	Quintin Jardine
Gallery Whispers	author	Quintin Jardine
The Fear of Freedom	author	Erich Fromm
Odd Girl Out (novel)	author	Ann Bannon
I Am a Woman	author	Ann Bannon
Popular Science Predictions Exchange	author	Hollywood Stock Exchange
Women in the Shadows	author	Ann Bannon
Women in the Shadows    1	author	Ann Bannon
Girls of Riyadh	author	Rajaa al-Sanea
Just Tricking	author	Andy Griffiths
Young Frankenstein (musical)	author	Mel Brooks
Young Frankenstein (musical)	author	Thomas Meehan (writer)
Holy Wood (novel)	author	Marilyn Manson
The Empty Chair	author	Jeffery Deaver
Irish Gold	author	Andrew Greeley
Irish Lace	author	Andrew Greeley
Irish Whiskey (novel)	author	Andrew Greeley
Irish Mist (novel)	author	Andrew Greeley
Irish Eyes	author	Andrew Greeley
Irish Love	author	Andrew Greeley
Irish Stew!	author	Andrew Greeley
Irish Cream (novel)	author	Andrew Greeley
Irish Crystal	author	Andrew Greeley
Irish Linen	author	Andrew Greeley
Beggars and Choosers (novel)	author	Nancy Kress
Newtons Sleep	author	Daniel O'Mahony
One Good Knight	author	Mercedes Lackey
Starbook	author	Ben Okri
The Tenderness of Wolves (novel)	author	Stef Penney
A Storyteller in Zion	author	Orson Scott Card
Kai Lung's Golden Hours	author	Ernest Bramah
Descent into Hell	author	Charles Williams (British writer)
The Last Empress (novel)	author	Anchee Min
The Million-Year Centipede, or, Liquid Structures	author	Eckhard Gerdes
Vacation (novel)	author	Jeremy C. Shipp
Chelsea Lately	author	Chelsea Handler
Chelsea Lately	author	Sarah Colonna
Chelsea Lately	author	Fortune Feimster
Chelsea Lately	author	Chris Franjola
Chelsea Lately	author	Jen Kirkman
Chelsea Lately	author	Heather McDonald
Chelsea Lately	author	Josh Wolf (comedian)
Chelsea Lately	author	Brad Wollack
Ghost Blows Out the Light	author	Zhang Muye
Journey to a Woman	author	Ann Bannon
Journey to a Woman    1	author	Ann Bannon
Twelve Angry Men (play)	author	Reginald Rose
Death of a Doxy	author	Rex Stout
ScienceBlogs	author	Seed (magazine)
The Stone of Laughter	author	Hoda Barakat
The Abstinence Teacher	author	Tom Perrotta
The Shield of Achilles: War, Peace, and the Course of History	author	Philip Bobbitt
Reap the Whirlwind (Star Trek novel)	author	David Alan Mack
Angel Light (novel)	author	Andrew Greeley
Grania: She-King of the Irish Seas	author	Morgan Llywelyn
Bi Any Other Name: Bisexual People Speak Out	author	Loraine Hutchins
Bi Any Other Name: Bisexual People Speak Out	author	Lani Ka'ahumanu
Monkey Girl: Evolution, Education, Religion, and the Battle for America's Soul	author	Edward Humes
The Pacific Between	author	Raymond K. Wong
Beebo Brinker (novel)	author	Ann Bannon
Beebo Brinker (novel)  Beebo Brinker   1	author	Ann Bannon
Penrod	author	Booth Tarkington
Command Decision (play)	author	William Wister Haines
Our Day Out (musical)	author	Willy Russell
The Third Lynx	author	Timothy Zahn
Fox on the Rhine	author	Michael Dobson (author)
Fox on the Rhine	author	Douglas Niles
The Big Splash (book)	author	Louis A. Frank
The Big Splash (book)	author	Patrick Huyghe
The Wounded Sky	author	Diane Duane
Billy Noname	author	William Wellington Mackey
Cindy (musical)	author	Joe Sauter
Cindy (musical)	author	Mike Sawyer
GENESIS (software)	author	James M. Bower
Perfect Match (novel)	author	Jodi Picoult
The Contortionist's Handbook	author	Craig Clevenger
Dermaphoria	author	Craig Clevenger
Demon Theory	author	Stephen Graham Jones
All the Beautiful Sinners	author	Stephen Graham Jones
The Fast Red Road: A Plainsong	author	Stephen Graham Jones
Kiss Me, Judas	author	Will Christopher Baer
The Fifth Column and Four Stories of the Spanish Civil War	author	Ernest Hemingway
Penny Dreadful (novel)	author	Will Christopher Baer
Hell's Half Acre (novel)	author	Will Christopher Baer
Mary, called Magdalene	author	Margaret George
Summer Knight (novel)	author	Jim Butcher
The Mother Hunt	author	Rex Stout
Above the Law (blog)	author	David Lat
A Sea So Far	author	Jean Thesman
Beau Brummell: This Charming Man	author	Simon Bent
A Scourge of Screamers	author	Daniel F. Galouye
Foreign Exchange (TV series)	author	Annie Fox (author)
The Travel Tales of Mr. Joseph Jorkens	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
Jorkens Remembers Africa	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
Jorkens Has a Large Whiskey	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
The Last Book of Jorkens	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
Laura (novel)	author	Vera Caspary
Burndive	author	Karin Lowachee
Cagebird (novel)	author	Karin Lowachee
Abyssinia (musical)	author	James Racheff
Abyssinia (musical)	author	Ted Kociolek
Platoon Leader (memoir)	author	James R. McDonough
List of The Wiggles episodes	author	Paul Field (musician)
List of The Wiggles episodes  The Wiggles Show   1	author	The Wiggles
List of The Wiggles episodes  The Wiggles Show   1	author	Paul Field (musician)
Pranava-Vada of Gargyayana	author	Bhagwan Das
The Goose Girl (novel)	author	Shannon Hale
Enna Burning	author	Shannon Hale
Austenland	author	Shannon Hale
Lady Molly of Scotland Yard	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Princess Academy	author	Shannon Hale
River Secrets	author	Shannon Hale
The Fog (1975 novel)	author	James Herbert
The Tangled Skein	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Book of a Thousand Days	author	Shannon Hale
A Bride of the Plains	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
A Tranquil Star	author	Primo Levi
The Stone Monkey	author	Jeffery Deaver
Under the Jolly Roger	author	L.A. Meyer
What Has Government Done to Our Money?	author	Murray Rothbard
Greyhawk: The Adventure Begins	author	Roger E. Moore
The Left Hand of God (book)	author	Michael Lerner (rabbi)
Phineas Poe	author	Will Christopher Baer
Pownce	author	Kevin Rose
Pownce	author	Leah Culver
Pownce	author	Daniel Burka
Devil May Care (novel)	author	Sebastian Faulks
Jonny Quest vs. The Cyber Insects	author	Doug Wildey
Blade of Fire	author	Stuart Hill (author)
Fall of a Kingdom	author	Hilari Bell
The Last Children of Schewenborn	author	Gudrun Pausewang
Bitter Lemons	author	Lawrence Durrell
Đại Việt sử ký toàn thư	author	Ngô Sĩ Liên
The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack	author	Thurop Van Orman
The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack	author	J. G. Quintel
The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack	author	Steve Little (actor)
The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack	author	Jackie Buscarino
The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack	author	John Infantino
The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack	author	Brett Varon
The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack	author	Pendleton Ward
A Sheaf of Bluebells	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
My Swordhand Is Singing	author	Marcus Sedgwick
Fire in Stubble	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Twelve Bar Blues (novel)	author	Patrick Neate
Seeing (novel)	author	José Saramago
Now I Can Die in Peace	author	Bill Simmons
Homicide Trinity	author	Rex Stout
Assume the Position with Mr. Wuhl	author	Robert Wuhl
Mod openpgp	author	Buanzo
Before I Wake (novel)	author	Robert Wiersema
Changeling (Mike Oldfield autobiography)	author	Mike Oldfield
Rogue Ship	author	A. E. van Vogt
By the Gods Beloved	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Omnipotent Government	author	Ludwig von Mises
Saturn's Children	author	Alan Duncan
Saturn's Children	author	Dominic Hobson
A True Woman	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
The J. R. R. Tolkien Companion and Guide	author	Wayne Hammond
The J. R. R. Tolkien Companion and Guide	author	Christina Scull
George & Leo	author	Phil Baker and Drew Vaupen
George & Leo	author	Reid Harrison
George & Leo	author	Rob Long
George & Leo	author	Aaron Shure
George & Leo	author	Dan Staley
George & Leo	author	Phil Baker and Drew Vaupen
Rising Tide (Jean Thesman novel)	author	Jean Thesman
Senioritis (musical)	author	Miriam Engle
Senioritis (musical)	author	Maggie Shaw
Ultraseven X	author	Yuji Kobayashi
Ultraseven X	author	Ai Ota
Ultraseven X	author	Takurou Fukuda
Ultraseven X	author	Jiro Kaneko
Ultraseven X	author	Sotaro Hayashi
Ultraseven X	author	Keiichi Hasegawa
The Honourable Jim	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
The Little Tales of Smethers and Other Stories	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
The Dark River (novel)	author	John Twelve Hawks
Adobe OnLocation	author	Serious Magic Inc.
(Not That You Asked) Rants, Exploits and Obsessions	author	Steve Almond
The Sons of Heaven	author	Kage Baker
The Spiraling Worm	author	David Conyers
The Spiraling Worm	author	John Sunseri
Fire Pony	author	Rodman Philbrick
John & Jen	author	Andrew Lippa
A Swift Pure Cry	author	Siobhan Dowd
Through Wolf's Eyes	author	Jane Lindskold
On Royalty	author	Jeremy Paxman
The Sixth Day and Other Tales	author	Primo Levi
Probability Moon	author	Nancy Kress
Isabel's a Jezebel	author	William Dumaresq
The Clements Checklist of Birds of the World	author	James Clements
Boy Culture (novel)	author	Matthew Rettenmund
GamesRadar	author	Future plc
'48	author	James Herbert
Ecotopia Emerging	author	Ernest Callenbach
La Dentellière	author	Pascal Lainé
Once (novel)	author	Morris Gleitzman
What to Expect When You're Expecting	author	Heidi Murkoff
The Insider's Guide to the Colleges	author	Yale Daily News
Probability Sun	author	Nancy Kress
Fox's Feud	author	Colin Dann
Bert Fegg's Nasty Book for Boys and Girls	author	Terry Jones
Bert Fegg's Nasty Book for Boys and Girls	author	Michael Palin
Strange Highways (story collection)	author	Dean Koontz
Kingdom of Shadows	author	Alan Furst
Debbie Does Dallas: The Musical	author	Susan L. Schwartz
Panel Discussions	author	Durwin Talon
Thy Neighbor's Wife	author	Gay Talese
Liberalism (book)	author	Ludwig von Mises
Cosmic Jackpot	author	Paul Davies
Tales from the Secret Annex	author	Anne Frank
Active Directory Explorer	author	Mark Russinovich
Active Directory Explorer	author	Microsoft
Full Frontal Fashion	author	Krista Katsoulis
Meadowsweet (novel)	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Ghosts (1993 novel)	author	John Banville
The Truce	author	Primo Levi
Petticoat Government	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
The Tent	author	Gary Paulsen
Fifty Poems	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
Tunnels (novel)	author	Roderick Gordon
Tunnels (novel)	author	Brian Williams (author)
Journey to Ixtlan	author	Carlos Castaneda
The Voice of Memory: Interviews, 1961–1987	author	Primo Levi
A Universal History of Infamy	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Socialism (book)	author	Ludwig von Mises
Random Acts of Senseless Violence	author	Jack Womack
Computer and Internet Protocol Address Verifier	author	Federal Bureau of Investigation
Seventeen (novel)	author	Booth Tarkington
Inconceivable (novel)	author	Ben Elton
Touching Spirit Bear	author	Ben Mikaelsen
Dragons of the Highlord Skies	author	Tracy Hickman
Dragons of the Highlord Skies	author	Margaret Weis
The Cosmic Serpent	author	Jeremy Narby
Mr. Monk and the Two Assistants	author	Lee Goldberg
Yellow Dog (novel)	author	Martin Amis
Wide Is the Gate	author	Upton Sinclair
The Presidential Agent	author	Upton Sinclair
Dragon Harvest	author	Upton Sinclair
A Presidential Mission	author	Upton Sinclair
One Clear Call	author	Upton Sinclair
O Shepherd, Speak!	author	Upton Sinclair
The Return of Lanny Budd	author	Upton Sinclair
Going to Meet the Man	author	James Baldwin
The Suicide Club (Stevenson)	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Rajah's Diamond	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Compulsion (novel)	author	Shaun Hutson
The Book of Dead Days	author	Marcus Sedgwick
Insatiable (novel)	author	Valérie Tasso
Terraplane (novel)	author	Jack Womack
Elvissey	author	Jack Womack
The Alan Clark Diaries	author	Jon Jones (director)
The Absolute (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
As for Me and My House	author	Sinclair Ross
The Sacrifice (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Ellimist Chronicles	author	K. A. Applegate
The Hork-Bajir Chronicles	author	K. A. Applegate
Elliott Smith (book)	author	Autumn de Wilde
White Line Fever (book)	author	Lemmy
Acorralada	author	Alberto Gómez
Charlie Brown and Charles Schulz	author	Charles M. Schulz
The Happy Time (musical)	author	N. Richard Nash
Crucial Confrontations	author	Kerry Patterson, Joseph Grenny, Ron McMillan, Al Switzler
Elfsorrow	author	James Barclay
When Heaven and Earth Changed Places	author	Le Ly Hayslip
Mistress Pat	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Instead of Three Wishes: Magical Short Stories	author	Megan Whalen Turner
Critical (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Crisis (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Principles of Political Economy	author	John Stuart Mill
Life's Too Short	author	Ricky Gervais
Life's Too Short	author	Stephen Merchant
Children's Past Lives	author	Carol Bowman
Land of the Headless	author	Adam Roberts (British writer)
Year's Best SF (Book 1)	author	David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 2	author	David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 3	author	David G. Hartwell
Mainspring (novel)	author	Jay Lake
Down the Rabbit Hole (novel)	author	Peter Abrahams
Zombie Bums from Uranus	author	Andy Griffiths
Year's Best SF 4	author	David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 5	author	David G. Hartwell
Letters from Rifka	author	Karen Hesse
Year's Best SF 12	author	David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 12	author	Kathryn Cramer
Behind the Curtain	author	Peter Abrahams (American author)
Year's Best SF 6	author	David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 7	author	David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 7	author	Kathryn Cramer
Year's Best SF 8	author	David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 8	author	Kathryn Cramer
Year's Best SF 9	author	David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 9	author	Kathryn Cramer
Year's Best SF 10	author	David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 10	author	Kathryn Cramer
Year's Best SF 11	author	David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 11	author	Kathryn Cramer
Storming Heaven (1987 novel)	author	Denise Giardina
Radical Chic & Mau-Mauing the Flak Catchers	author	Tom Wolfe
Aye, and Gomorrah, and other stories	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Rock Jockeys	author	Gary Paulsen
Danger on Midnight River	author	Gary Paulsen
The Forger	author	Paul Watkins (novelist)
Hook 'Em Snotty!	author	Gary Paulsen
The Gorgon Slayer	author	Gary Paulsen
Captive!	author	Gary Paulsen
The World Without Us	author	Alan Weisman
The Politics of Truth	author	Joseph C. Wilson
Bleed Into Me	author	Stephen Graham Jones
The Bird is Gone: A Manifesto	author	Stephen Graham Jones
Godspeed (Baer novel)	author	Will Christopher Baer
Soon I Will Be Invincible	author	Austin Grossman
Touch Me (novel)	author	James Moloney
Clang	author	Chris Lattner
Disturbing the Peace (novel)	author	Richard Yates (novelist)
A Right to Die	author	Rex Stout
Astounding: The John W. Campbell Memorial Anthology	author	Harry Harrison
Breakheart Pass (novel)	author	Alistair MacLean
Puppet on a Chain	author	Alistair MacLean
Artamène	author	Madeleine de Scudéry
Artamène	author	Georges de Scudéry
Shrek the Musical	author	David Lindsay-Abaire
Wolf of the Plains	author	Conn Iggulden
Void Moon	author	Michael Connelly
Wild Fire (novel)	author	Nelson DeMille
The End of America: Letter of Warning to a Young Patriot	author	Naomi Wolf
Britain's Everyday Heroes	author	Gordon Brown
Unravelled Knots	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
The Venom Trees of Sunga	author	L. Sprague de Camp
English Botany	author	James Edward Smith
Sold (novel)	author	Patricia McCormick (author)
The Crystal Frontier	author	Carlos Fuentes
Cham (novel)	author	Jonathan Trigell
Clock (novel)	author	Nick Hemsley
The Watertower	author	Gary Crew
Project – A Perfect World	author	Gary Paulsen
Dead Run	author	P. J. Tracy
Babyhood	author	Paul Reiser
Auschwitz Report	author	Primo Levi
Auschwitz Report	author	Leonardo de Benedetti
The Farewell Waltz	author	Milan Kundera
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 2	author	Lin Carter
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 3	author	Lin Carter
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 4	author	Lin Carter
Penrod Jashber	author	Booth Tarkington
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 5	author	Lin Carter
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 6	author	Lin Carter
Going to Ground	author	Ali Sparkes
Leviathan and the Air-Pump	author	Steven Shapin
Leviathan and the Air-Pump	author	Simon Schaffer
Futures Past	author	Jack Dann
Futures Past	author	Gardner Dozois
Beyond Singularity	author	Jack Dann
Beyond Singularity	author	Gardner Dozois
Robots (anthology)	author	Jack Dann
Robots (anthology)	author	Gardner Dozois
The New Space Opera	author	Gardner Dozois
The New Space Opera	author	Jonathan Strahan
Oyster (novel)	author	Janette Turner Hospital
Escape (David McMillan book)	author	David McMillan (smuggler)
Children of Magic Moon	author	Wolfgang Hohlbein
Journal of a Novel: The East of Eden Letters	author	John Steinbeck
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 7	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 8	author	Arthur W. Saha
Eifelheim (novel)	author	Michael F. Flynn
A Hero Ain't Nothin' but a Sandwich	author	Alice Childress
Magic for Beginners	author	Kelly Link
The Real Frank Zappa Book	author	Frank Zappa
A Short History of the World (Geoffrey Blainey)	author	Geoffrey Blainey
People of the Sea	author	W. Michael Gear
People of the Sea	author	Kathleen O'Neal Gear
The Hollow Man (1992 novel)	author	Dan Simmons
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 9	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 10	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 11	author	Arthur W. Saha
Gorosthaney Sabdhan	author	Satyajit Ray
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 12	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 13	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 14	author	Arthur W. Saha
Seeing Redd	author	Frank Beddor
Never Give Up: My Stroke, My Recovery, and My Return to the NFL	author	Tedy Bruschi
Kloop	author	Bektour Iskender
Kloop	author	Rinat Tuhvatshin
The Shrike (play)	author	Joseph Kramm
Ranald Bannerman's Boyhood	author	George MacDonald
The Illusion (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Henry Huggins (novel)	author	Beverly Cleary
Tersias	author	Graham Taylor (author)
The Shadowmancer Returns: The Curse of Salamander Street	author	Graham Taylor
Rubicon: The Last Years of the Roman Republic	author	Tom Holland (author)
The Royal Abbey of Saint-Denis	author	Sumner McKnight Crosby
The Search for Roots	author	Primo Levi
Camp X (novel)	author	Eric Walters
Bedelia (novel)	author	Vera Caspary
Gods, Demi-Gods & Heroes	author	Robert J. Kuntz
Gods, Demi-Gods & Heroes	author	Jim Ward (game designer)
The Anybodies	author	Julianna Baggott
The Sirens of Surrentum	author	Caroline Lawrence
Getting to Know You (short story collection)	author	David Marusek
A fekete város	author	Kálmán Mikszáth
Fates of Nations	author	Paul Colinvaux
Emus Can't Walk Backwards	author	Robert Anwood
Island (Laymon novel)	author	Richard Laymon
Blood Games	author	Richard Laymon
Flora Londinensis	author	William Curtis
The Twelve Kingdoms: Sea of Shadow	author	Fuyumi Ono
Off Armageddon Reef	author	David Weber
By Schism Rent Asunder	author	David Weber
The Final Passage	author	Caryl Phillips
Ingo (novel)	author	Helen Dunmore
Relentless (Kernick novel)	author	Simon Kernick
Unmarked Graves	author	Shaun Hutson
Jack, or The Submission	author	Eugène Ionesco
The New Tenant	author	Eugène Ionesco
MySQL Federated	author	Brian Aker
Dangerous Games (anthology)	author	Jack Dann
Dangerous Games (anthology)	author	Gardner Dozois
Off Limits (anthology)	author	Ellen Datlow
The Burning Court	author	John Dickson Carr
The Green Snake and the Beautiful Lily	author	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Sten Adventures Book 5: Revenge of the Damned	author	Chris Bunch
Sten Adventures Book 5: Revenge of the Damned	author	Allan Cole
Zoop (TV series)	author	Sander Donker
Zoop (TV series)	author	Johan Nijenhuis
Sten Adventures Book 6: The Return of the Emperor	author	Chris Bunch
Sten Adventures Book 6: The Return of the Emperor	author	Allan Cole
Sten Adventures Book 7: Vortex	author	Chris Bunch
Sten Adventures Book 7: Vortex	author	Allan Cole
Sten Adventures Book 8: Empire's End	author	Chris Bunch
Sten Adventures Book 8: Empire's End	author	Allan Cole
Jokelopedia	author	Eva Blank
Jokelopedia	author	Ilana Weitzman
Jokelopedia	author	Alison Benjamin
Jokelopedia	author	Rosanne Green
RFID Applied	author	Jerry Banks
RFID Applied	author	Manuel A. Pachano
RFID Applied	author	Les G. Thompson
RFID Applied	author	David Hanny
Doomed Queen Anne	author	Carolyn Meyer
Young Royals	author	Carolyn Meyer
Young Royals  Beware, Princess Elizabeth   1	author	Carolyn Meyer
Young Royals  Patience, Princess Catherine   1	author	Carolyn Meyer
The River Niger	author	Joseph A. Walker (playwright)
Everybody Loves a Good Drought	author	Palagummi Sainath
Finder (novel)	author	Emma Bull
Runcible Jones: The Gate to Nowhere	author	Ian Irvine
Runcible Jones: The Buried City	author	Ian Irvine
The Pirates of Manhattan	author	Barry Dyke
Moral Minds	author	Marc Hauser
Cutie Honey: The Live	author	Toshiki Inoue
Cutie Honey: The Live	author	Kazuhiko Inukai
Cutie Honey: The Live	author	Naoki Tozuka
Cutie Honey: The Live	author	Keiichi Hasegawa
Cutie Honey: The Live	author	Riku Sanjo
Cutie Honey: The Live	author	Daisuke Ishibashi
Lone Star Love	author	John L. Haber
Lone Star Love	author	Robert Horn
Is He Dead?	author	Mark Twain
The Book of Lies (Moloney novel)	author	James Moloney
Master of the Books	author	James Moloney
Web of the City	author	Harlan Ellison
The Dreaming Void	author	Peter F. Hamilton
Half Life (novel)	author	Shelley Jackson
Spinneret (Timothy Zahn)	author	Timothy Zahn
Sophie Pitt-Turnbull Discovers America	author	Dyan Sheldon
The Winter Prince	author	Elizabeth E. Wein
The Temporal Void	author	Peter F. Hamilton
Conan the Adventurer (animated series)	author	Katherine Lawrence
Conan the Adventurer (animated series)	author	Christy Marx
Conan the Adventurer (animated series)	author	Jean Chalopin
Alms for Jihad	author	J. Millard Burr
Alms for Jihad	author	Robert O. Collins
Great Kings' War	author	John F. Carr
Great Kings' War	author	Roland J. Green
Kalvan Kingmaker	author	John F. Carr
Siege of Tarr-Hostigos	author	John F. Carr
Tessa (novel)	author	Margit Sandemo
I riddarnas spår	author	Margit Sandemo
The Ten Teacups	author	John Dickson Carr
Renovation of the Heart	author	Dallas Willard
The Brain That Changes Itself	author	Norman Doidge
Cop This!	author	Chris Nyst
The Ogre Downstairs	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Ball Four	author	Jim Bouton
Penrod and Sam	author	Booth Tarkington
The Clean Tech Revolution	author	Ron Pernick
The Clean Tech Revolution	author	Clint Wilder
The Essential Gandhi	author	Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi
List of Mr. Men	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Brave   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Bump   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Busy   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Chatterbox   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Cheerful   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Clever   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Clumsy   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Cool   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Daydream   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Dizzy   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Forgetful   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Funny   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Fussy   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Good   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Greedy   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Grumble   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Grumpy   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Happy   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Impossible   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Jelly   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Lazy   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Mean   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Messy   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Mischief   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Muddle   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Nobody   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Noisy   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Nonsense   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Nosey   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Perfect   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Quiet   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Rude   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Rush   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Silly   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Skinny   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Slow   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Small   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Sneeze   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Snow   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Strong   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Tall   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Tickle   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Topsy-Turvy   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Uppity   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Worry   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Wrong   1	author	Roger Hargreaves
Simple Genius	author	David Baldacci
Jackie & Me	author	Dan Gutman
The Discarded Image	author	C. S. Lewis
Ballet Shoes (novel)	author	Noel Streatfeild
Between Pacific Tides	author	Ed Ricketts
Underground (Suelette Dreyfus book)	author	Suelette Dreyfus
Dissolution (Sansom novel)	author	C. J. Sansom
Le Jour Des Fourmis	author	Bernard Werber
Vargens lilla lamm	author	Margit Sandemo
Protostars	author	David Gerrold
Protostars	author	Stephen Goldin
Dark Fire (Sansom novel)	author	C. J. Sansom
Yeah, I Said It	author	Wanda Sykes
Axis (novel)	author	Robert Charles Wilson
The Black Hole of Auschwitz	author	Primo Levi
Collected Poems (Primo Levi)	author	Primo Levi
My Boring Ass Life: The Uncomfortably Candid Diary of Kevin Smith	author	Kevin Smith
The Battle for Bond	author	Robert Sellers (author)
A More Perfect Constitution	author	Larry Sabato
The End of the Line: How Overfishing Is Changing the World and What We Eat	author	Charles Clover
Out of the Everywhere	author	Isaac Asimov
Mariana de la Noche	author	Liliana Abud
Autism: Explaining the Enigma (book)	author	Uta Frith
Bows against the Barons	author	Geoffrey Trease
I nattens tystnad	author	Margit Sandemo
The Journeyer	author	Gary Jennings
The Beekeeper's Apprentice	author	Laurie R. King
Amarte es mi Pecado	author	Jaime García Estrada
Amarte es mi Pecado	author	Orlando Merino
Fascinating Womanhood	author	Helen Andelin
Mauve Gloves & Madmen, Clutter & Vine	author	Tom Wolfe
CORSIKA	author	Tanguy Pierog
CORSIKA	author	Dieter Heck
CORSIKA	author	Institut für Kernphysik
CORSIKA	author	Karlsruhe Institute of Technology
CORSIKA	author	Germany
CORSIKA	author	Johannes Knapp
CORSIKA	author	Department of Physics and Astronomy
CORSIKA	author	University of Leeds
CORSIKA	author	England
Blindsight (science fiction novel)	author	Peter Watts (author)
The Proposal (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
An Antarctic Mystery	author	Jules Verne
Queste	author	Angie Sage
Ellison Wonderland	author	Harlan Ellison
Mind Fields	author	Harlan Ellison
Shatterday (book)	author	Harlan Ellison
Voice of the Whirlwind	author	Walter Jon Williams
Hardwired (novel)	author	Walter Jon Williams
Mr. Sebastian and the Negro Magician	author	Daniel Wallace (author)
TONY! The Blair Musical	author	Chris Bush (playwright)
The Day After Judgment	author	James Blish
Brittle Power	author	Amory Lovins
Slippage (book)	author	Harlan Ellison
The Prophecy (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Mutation (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Gladiator-At-Law	author	Frederik Pohl
Gladiator-At-Law	author	Cyril M. Kornbluth
Nero Vision	author	Nero AG
A Demon Of Our Own Design	author	Richard Bookstaber
Love, Stargirl	author	Jerry Spinelli
Freedom and the Law	author	Bruno Leoni
Calliope (TV series)	author	Eugene Francis
Calliope (TV series)	author	Peter Pileski
Beyond Belief: Islamic Excursions among the Converted Peoples	author	V. S. Naipaul
Dog Wizard	author	Barbara Hambly
The Slave Community	author	John Wesley Blassingame
The Incomparable Atuk	author	Mordecai Richler
The Arrival (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Girl with a Pearl Earring (novel)	author	Tracy Chevalier
One More for the Road	author	Ray Bradbury
Fair Game: My Life as a Spy, My Betrayal by the White House	author	Valerie Plame
Lone Star Dinosaurs	author	Louis L. Jacobs
The Siege of Mecca	author	Yaroslav Trofimov
The Abyss (Marguerite Yourcenar novel)	author	Marguerite Yourcenar
The Treasure of El Patron	author	Gary Paulsen
Skydive!	author	Gary Paulsen
The Seventh Crystal	author	Gary Paulsen
The Creature of Black Water Lake	author	Gary Paulsen
Time Benders	author	Gary Paulsen
Stepping Out (play)	author	Richard Harris (television writer)
Fire Bringer	author	David Clement-Davies
L'Ingénu	author	Voltaire
The Mirror Maker	author	Primo Levi
The Writer and the World: Essays	author	V. S. Naipaul
My Holocaust	author	Tova Reich
Extremes (novel)	author	Kristine Kathryn Rusch
The Brass Check	author	Upton Sinclair
The Emperor's Children	author	Claire Messud
Fair and Tender Ladies	author	Lee Smith (fiction author)
The Unquiet Earth	author	Denise Giardina
The Crowd Goes Wild	author	Jacqui Byrne
File Under Popular	author	Chris Cutler
Grizzly (novel)	author	Gary Paulsen
Thunder Valley	author	Gary Paulsen
Curse of the Ruins	author	Gary Paulsen
Flight of the Hawk	author	Gary Paulsen
The Last Testament of Oscar Wilde	author	Peter Ackroyd
Wolf (TV series)	author	David E. Peckinpah
Beggars and Choosers (TV series)	author	Peter Lefcourt
Beggars and Choosers (TV series)	author	David Shore
Senrid	author	Sherwood Smith
The Bastard (novel)	author	John Jakes
Drow of the Underdark	author	Robert J. Schwalb
Drow of the Underdark	author	Greg A. Vaughan
The Burning Tigris	author	Peter Balakian
The Heights (TV series)	author	Paris Qualles
The Heights (TV series)	author	Tony Spiridakis
I Was Dora Suarez	author	Derek Raymond
The Teahouse Fire	author	Ellis Avery
The Age of Turbulence	author	Alan Greenspan
WikiScanner	author	Virgil Griffith
The Dying Days (novel)	author	Shannon Patrick Sullivan
Scorpion's Gate (novel)	author	Richard A. Clarke
Approaching Oblivion	author	Harlan Ellison
If Democrats Had Any Brains, They'd Be Republicans	author	Ann Coulter
Crown Duel	author	Sherwood Smith
Stanley (play)	author	Pam Gems
Why Did I Get Married? (play)	author	Tyler Perry
Big!	author	Larry Law
Espnstar.com	author	ESPN Star Sports
L'Étudiante (novel)	author	Vanessa Duriès
Deathstalker Rebellion	author	Simon R. Green
Deathstalker War	author	Simon R. Green
Deathstalker Honour	author	Simon R. Green
Intelligence in Nature	author	Jeremy Narby
Deathstalker Destiny	author	Simon R. Green
Galaxiki	author	Jos Kirps
Imaginary Friends (play)	author	Nora Ephron
The World Is Not Enough (novel)	author	Raymond Benson
Rome Burning	author	Sophia McDougall
Banquets of the Black Widowers	author	Isaac Asimov
Mr Puntila and his Man Matti	author	Bertolt Brecht
The Decision	author	Bertolt Brecht
Round Heads and Pointed Heads	author	Bertolt Brecht
Trumpets and Drums	author	Bertolt Brecht
Driving Out a Devil	author	Bertolt Brecht
The Trial of Joan of Arc of Proven, 1431	author	Bertolt Brecht
Turandot (Brecht)	author	Bertolt Brecht
With Folded Hands	author	Jack Williamson
The Art of Memory	author	Frances Yates
Gli Asolani	author	Pietro Bembo
Casebook of the Black Widowers	author	Isaac Asimov
More Tales of the Black Widowers	author	Isaac Asimov
Puzzles of the Black Widowers	author	Isaac Asimov
The Return of the Black Widowers	author	Isaac Asimov
Lettin' It All Hang Out	author	RuPaul
The Familiar (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Journey (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Exit Music	author	Ian Rankin
The Dogs of Babel	author	Carolyn Parkhurst
Shopgirl (novella)	author	Steve Martin
The Civilization of the Renaissance in Italy	author	Jacob Burckhardt
The Sword of Tipu Sultan	author	Bhagwan Gidwani
Life: A Natural History of the First Four Billion Years of Life on Earth	author	Richard Fortey
Flora Graeca	author	John Sibthorp
Flora Graeca	author	James Edward Smith
The Name of the Wind	author	Patrick Rothfuss
Nothing to Lose (novel)	author	Lee Child
The Palace of Laughter	author	Jon Berkeley
The Test (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
The Unexpected (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
AIDS and Its Metaphors	author	Susan Sontag
Funding Evil	author	Rachel Ehrenfeld
At the Drop of Another Hat	author	Michael Flanders
At the Drop of Another Hat	author	Donald Swann
Sir Harold and the Gnome King	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Art of Cricket	author	Donald Bradman
Trevayne	author	Robert Ludlum
The Unsinkable Molly Brown (musical)	author	Richard Morris
Middle Class Millionaire	author	Russ Alan Prince
Middle Class Millionaire	author	Lewis Schiff
The House of Bernarda Alba	author	Federico García Lorca
Barbarians Led by Bill Gates	author	Marlin Eller
The Memoirs of Naim Bey	author	Aram Andonian
The Revelation (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Vulcan's Glory	author	D. C. Fontana
The Union Club Mysteries	author	Isaac Asimov
Giordano Bruno and the Hermetic Tradition	author	Frances Yates
Mistborn: The Well of Ascension	author	Brandon Sanderson
Mediabistro.com	author	Laurel Touby
Sarny (novel)	author	Gary Paulsen
Reckless (TV serial)	author	Paul Abbott
From Wimbledon to Waco	author	Ali Smith
Explore Evolution: The Arguments For and Against Neo-Darwinism	author	Stephen C. Meyer
Explore Evolution: The Arguments For and Against Neo-Darwinism	author	Scott Minnich
Explore Evolution: The Arguments For and Against Neo-Darwinism	author	Paul Nelson (creationist)
Down the Shore	author	Oliver Goldstick
Down the Shore	author	Philip Rosenthal
Down the Shore	author	Michael Rowe
Wendy and Me	author	Willy Burns
The Wages of Destruction	author	Adam Tooze
Party Girl (TV series)	author	Daisy von Scherler Mayer
The Ungodly Farce	author	Svend Aage Madsen
Love from a Stranger (play)	author	Frank Vosper
The Flames: A Fantasy	author	Olaf Stapledon
And Then There Were None (play)	author	Agatha Christie
By the Shores of Silver Lake	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Little Town on the Prairie	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
These Happy Golden Years	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Farmer Boy	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Christ the Lord: The Road to Cana	author	Anne Rice
Dragonhaven	author	Robin McKinley
Back Home (novel)	author	Michelle Magorian
Juedai Shuangjiao	author	Gu Long
Significant Others (1998 TV series)	author	Ellie Herman
Significant Others (1998 TV series)	author	Christopher Keyser
Significant Others (1998 TV series)	author	Amy Lippman
Appointment with Death (1945 play)	author	Agatha Christie
EAS3	author	University of Stuttgart
The Road of Dreams	author	Agatha Christie
Murder on the Nile/Hidden Horizon	author	Agatha Christie
The Door Between	author	Ellery Queen
The Hollow Men (book)	author	Nicky Hager
The Last Canadian	author	William C. Heine
Three Days Before the Shooting	author	Ralph Ellison
Three Days Before the Shooting	author	John F. Callahan
Jango (Noble Warriors Trilogy)	author	William Nicholson (writer)
Lahore – A Sentimental Journey	author	Pran Nevile
Nautch Girls of India: Dancers, Singers, Playmates	author	Pran Nevile
Out of Time (Cooney novel)	author	Caroline B. Cooney
Enemies: How America's Foes Steal Our Vital Secrets-And How We Let It Happen	author	Bill Gertz
Inside U.S.A.	author	Arnold M. Auerbach
Postcards from No Man's Land	author	Aidan Chambers
Google Sky	author	Google
The Narrows (novel)	author	Michael Connelly
The Tall Man (TV series)	author	D. C. Fontana
The Tall Man (TV series)	author	Samuel A. Peeples
The Bible with Sources Revealed	author	Richard Elliott Friedman
Picture Perfect (novel)	author	Jodi Picoult
The Deception (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Babe & Me	author	Dan Gutman
Professor Martens' Departure	author	Jaan Kross
The Seekers (novel)	author	John Jakes
A Midsummer's Nightmare (novel)	author	Garry Kilworth
Bob (TV series)	author	Mark Evanier
Wanderlust (1991 novel)	author	Steve Winter
Wanderlust (1991 novel)	author	Mary Kirchoff
InterWorld	author	Neil Gaiman
InterWorld	author	Michael Reaves
Accordion Crimes	author	Annie Proulx
The Paranormal Puppet Show	author	Justin Richards
Web of Anubis	author	Justin Richards
Stage Fright (Justin Richards novel)	author	Justin Richards
Murphy (novella)	author	Gary Paulsen
Murphy's Gold	author	Gary Paulsen
Murphy's Herd	author	Gary Paulsen
Defending the Caveman	author	Rob Becker
Murphy's War (novel)	author	Gary Paulsen
Josh (novel)	author	Ivan Southall
Catalyst Code	author	David S. Evans
Catalyst Code	author	Richard L. Schmalensee
Wolves (book)	author	Emily Gravett
Murphy's Ambush	author	Gary Paulsen
Murphy's Ambush	author	Brian Burks
Murphy's Trail	author	Gary Paulsen
The Enemies of Jupiter	author	Caroline Lawrence
Pornified	author	Pamela Paul
Conquerors' Trilogy	author	Timothy Zahn
Conquerors' Trilogy  Conquerors' Heritage   1	author	Timothy Zahn
Conquerors' Trilogy  Conquerors' Legacy   1	author	Timothy Zahn
Ug (book)	author	Raymond Briggs
Smile! (novel)	author	Geraldine McCaughrean
Ginger (book)	author	Charlotte Voake
Storm (novella)	author	Kevin Crossley-Holland
Spangle (novel)	author	Gary Jennings
Miranda (novel)	author	Antoni Lange
Term Limits (novel)	author	Vince Flynn
A Gesture Life	author	Chang-Rae Lee
J. R. R. Tolkien: Author of the Century	author	Tom Shippey
Murphy's Stand	author	Gary Paulsen
The Assassin's Song	author	M. G. Vassanji
Home (play)	author	David Storey
The Wizard of the Nile	author	Harry B. Smith
The Bell Curve Debate (book)	author	Russell Jacoby
The Closers	author	Michael Connelly
A Son of the Circus	author	John Irving
City of Bones (novel)	author	Michael Connelly
A Darkness More Than Night	author	Michael Connelly
Angels Flight (novel)	author	Michael Connelly
Trunk Music (novel)	author	Michael Connelly
The Last Coyote	author	Michael Connelly
The Concrete Blonde	author	Michael Connelly
The Black Ice	author	Michael Connelly
The Black Echo	author	Michael Connelly
Intel Open Port	author	Intel
Pure Mule	author	Eugene O'Brien (playwright)
Ancestors: 900 Years in the Life of a Chinese Family	author	Frank Ching (journalist)
Soldier's Heart (Gary Paulsen novel)	author	Gary Paulsen
Dawn Wind	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Shakespeare's Scribe	author	Gary Blackwood
Spellbound (novel)	author	Anna Dale
Whispering to Witches	author	Anna Dale
Alida's Song	author	Gary Paulsen
Midnight Sun (novel)	author	Stephenie Meyer
The Prince of Mist	author	Carlos Ruiz Zafón
Tormenta en el paraíso	author	Marcia del Río
Tormenta en el paraíso	author	Claudia Velazco
The Cookcamp	author	Gary Paulsen
The Case of the Dirty Bird	author	Gary Paulsen
Dunc's Doll	author	Gary Paulsen
Culpepper's Cannon	author	Gary Paulsen
Dunc Gets Tweaked	author	Gary Paulsen
Dunc's Halloween	author	Gary Paulsen
Dunc Breaks the Record	author	Gary Paulsen
Bunny Tales: Behind Closed Doors at the Playboy Mansion	author	Hugh Hefner
Heart of the City (TV series)	author	Jeremy Lew
Tomcat in Love	author	Tim O'Brien (author)
Chat Room (novel)	author	Barbara Biggs
The Ambidextrous Universe	author	Martin Gardner
Lend an Ear	author	Charles Gaynor
Lend an Ear	author	Joseph Stein
Lend an Ear	author	Will Glickman
The End of Mr. Y	author	Scarlett Thomas
Voyage on the Great Titanic	author	Ellen Emerson White
A Woman of Substance (mini-series)	author	Barbara Taylor Bradford
A Woman of Substance (mini-series)	author	Lee Langley
Ramtanu Lahiri O Tatkalin Bangasamaj	author	Sivanath Sastri
Hate on Trial	author	Morris Dees
Hate on Trial	author	Steve Fiffer
The Good Man of Nanking	author	John Rabe
Pollen (novel)	author	Jeff Noon
Toma (TV series)	author	Edward Hume
Toma (TV series)	author	Roy Huggins
Why Truth Matters	author	Ophelia Benson
Why Truth Matters	author	Jeremy Stangroom
Ricky Sprocket: Showbiz Boy	author	Russell Marcus
Ricky Sprocket: Showbiz Boy	author	David Fine
Ricky Sprocket: Showbiz Boy	author	Alison Snowden
Ricky Sprocket: Showbiz Boy	author	Bill Motz
Ricky Sprocket: Showbiz Boy	author	Bob Roth
Ricky Sprocket: Showbiz Boy	author	Shane Simmons
Ricky Sprocket: Showbiz Boy	author	Steven Sullivan
Ricky Sprocket: Showbiz Boy	author	Alicia Sky Varinaitis
Warhammer 40,000 Apocalypse	author	Jervis Johnson
The Devil to Pay (1938 novel)	author	Ellery Queen
The Four of Hearts	author	Ellery Queen
The Psychedelic Experience: A Manual Based on the Tibetan Book of the Dead	author	Timothy Leary
The Psychedelic Experience: A Manual Based on the Tibetan Book of the Dead	author	Ralph Metzner
The Psychedelic Experience: A Manual Based on the Tibetan Book of the Dead	author	Ram Dass
Anansi the Spider (book)	author	Gerald McDermott
Frontier Circus	author	Samuel A. Peeples
The Angel Makers	author	Jessica Gregson
Baber's Apple	author	Michael Marr
Cry of the Justice Bird	author	Jon Haylett
Music in the Air	author	Oscar Hammerstein II
The Rasp	author	Philip MacDonald
IvyGate	author	Chris Beam
Witch World (novel)	author	Andre Norton
Game Design: Theory and Practice	author	Richard Rouse III
Institutes of Natural and Revealed Religion	author	Joseph Priestley
Chanakya (TV series)	author	Chandraprakash Dwivedi
Howard Dully  My Lobotomy   1	author	Charles Fleming (author)
Painting Mona Lisa	author	Jeanne Kalogridis
The New Yorkers	author	Herbert Fields
End of the Spear (book)	author	Steve Saint
Through Gates of Splendor	author	Elisabeth Elliot
Leave It to Me!	author	Samuel and Bella Spewack
Dear Enemy (novel)	author	Jean Webster
DNSMax	author	Algenta
How Children Learn	author	John Holt (educator)
All Passion Spent	author	Vita Sackville-West
The Father Hunt	author	Rex Stout
The Hollow (play)	author	Agatha Christie
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Third Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
Best of the Best: 20 Years of the Year's Best Science Fiction	author	Gardner Dozois
Everything in Its Place	author	Marc Summers
The Furies (novel)	author	John Jakes
Flinx Transcendent	author	Alan Dean Foster
The Great War for Civilisation: The Conquest of the Middle East	author	Robert Fisk
Dave Barry in Cyberspace	author	Dave Barry
Total Resistance (book)	author	Hans von Dach
Dictionary of New Zealand Biography	author	W. H. Oliver
Dictionary of New Zealand Biography	author	Claudia Orange
A Lion Among Men	author	Gregory Maguire
Douglas Adams's Guide to The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy	author	Douglas Adams
Douglas Adams's Guide to The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy	author	Debbie Barham
Il castello di Eymerich	author	Valerio Evangelisti
The Twenty-Second Day	author	Muhammad Aladdin
What I Was	author	Meg Rosoff
The Last Confession	author	Roger Crane
Affluenza: The All-Consuming Epidemic	author	John de Graaf
Affluenza: The All-Consuming Epidemic	author	Thomas Naylor
Death of a Dude	author	Rex Stout
Please Pass the Guilt	author	Rex Stout
A Family Affair (novel)	author	Rex Stout
On the Marble Cliffs	author	Ernst Jünger
Morality Play (novel)	author	Barry Unsworth
Blart: The Boy Who Didn't Want to Save the World	author	Dominic Barker
Tearoom Trade	author	Laud Humphreys
Athabasca (novel)	author	Alistair MacLean
The Wreck of the Zanzibar	author	Michael Morpurgo
Waiting for Anya	author	Michael Morpurgo
Little Me (musical)	author	Neil Simon
Misquoting Jesus	author	Bart D. Ehrman
The Last Unicorn: The Lost Version	author	Peter S. Beagle
The Myth of the Rational Voter: Why Democracies Choose Bad Policies	author	Bryan Caplan
Lorelei (musical)	author	Kenny Solms
Lorelei (musical)	author	Gail Parent
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-First Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
Pool of Twilight (novel)	author	Jim Ward (game designer)
Pool of Twilight (novel)	author	Anne K. Brown
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Nineteenth Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Eighteenth Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
The Old Timers	author	J. L. Carr
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Sixteenth Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
The Wild Party (Lippa musical)	author	Andrew Lippa
The Wild Party (LaChiusa musical)	author	George C. Wolfe
The Wild Party (LaChiusa musical)	author	Michael John LaChiusa
The Diary of Anne Frank (TV serial)	author	Anne Frank
The Diary of Anne Frank (TV serial)	author	Deborah Moggach
The Android's Dream	author	John Scalzi
The Natural History of Alcoholism Revisited	author	George Eman Vaillant
Thieves of Blood	author	Tim Waggoner
Naked Came the Manatee	author	Dave Barry
Naked Came the Manatee	author	Carl Hiaasen
Naked Came the Manatee	author	Elmore Leonard
Naked Came the Manatee	author	Tananarive Due
Asia Overland	author	Mark Elliott (British author)
Asia Overland	author	Wil Klass
Bloodstained Oz	author	Christopher Golden
A Broadway Musical	author	William F. Brown (writer)
The Surgeon (novel)	author	Tess Gerritsen
King of Ayodhya	author	Ashok Banker
Educating Esmé	author	Esmé Raji Codell
Quite Ugly One Morning	author	Christopher Brookmyre
Let's Face It!	author	Herbert Fields
Let's Face It!	author	Dorothy Fields
Kiki Strike	author	Kirsten Miller
Parallel Worlds (book)	author	Michio Kaku
The Man in Grey (story collection)	author	Baroness Emma Orczy
Brigham Young: American Moses	author	Leonard J. Arrington
Visiting Mr. Green	author	Jeff Baron
White Man Falling (novel)	author	Mike Stocks
Dead Certain	author	Robert Draper
The Genius of America	author	Stuart Sherman
Oakfield; or, Fellowship in the East	author	William Delafield Arnold
MySQL Archive	author	Brian Aker
The Host (novel)	author	Stephenie Meyer
The Last Wish (book)	author	Andrzej Sapkowski
Night of the Ripper	author	Robert Bloch
Dark Ages (TV series)	author	Rob Grant
Lives of the Most Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and Architects	author	Giorgio Vasari
The Use of Force	author	William Carlos Williams
Empire from the Ashes	author	David Weber
The Shock Doctrine	author	Naomi Klein
The Reluctant Queen	author	Eleanor Hibbert
Date with the Angels	author	George Tibbles
The Five Dysfunctions of a Team	author	Patrick Lencioni
The Candy Shop War	author	Brandon Mull
The Ellen Burstyn Show	author	Howard Gewirtz
Dark Visions Trilogy	author	L. J. Smith (author)
Shroud for a Nightingale	author	P. D. James
Let Time Pass	author	Svend Aage Madsen
The Book of Animal Ignorance	author	John Lloyd (writer)
The Book of Animal Ignorance	author	John Mitchinson
Darwin's Angel	author	John Cornwell (writer)
Dreamer (novel)	author	Daniel Quinn
The Range Rider	author	Buckley Angell
The Range Rider	author	Eric Freiwald
The Range Rider	author	Oliver Drake
The Range Rider	author	Orville H. Hampton
The Range Rider	author	Lawrence Hazard
The Range Rider	author	Edward Llewellyn-Thomas
The Range Rider	author	Joe Richardson
The Range Rider	author	Arthur Rowe
The Range Rider	author	Jack Townley
And the Devil Will Drag You Under	author	Jack L. Chalker
Sharpe's Skirmish	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Wool-Pack	author	Cynthia Harnett
The Load of Unicorn	author	Cynthia Harnett
One Night Stand (musical)	author	Herb Gardner
Making Fiends (TV series)	author	Amy Winfrey
Making Fiends (TV series)	author	Making Fiends (TV series)
Memoirs: 1939-1993	author	Brian Mulroney
Lord John and the Private Matter	author	Diana Gabaldon
Lord John and the Brotherhood of the Blade	author	Diana Gabaldon
Lord John and the Scottish Prisoner	author	Diana Gabaldon
Lord John and the Succubus	author	Diana Gabaldon
Lord John and the Haunted Soldier	author	Diana Gabaldon
Lord John and the Hellfire Club	author	Diana Gabaldon
Pooh and the Philosophers	author	John Tyerman Williams
Lord John and the Hand of Devils	author	Diana Gabaldon
Bing Translator	author	Microsoft
Maximum Ride: The Final Warning	author	James Patterson
Krondor: Tear of the Gods	author	Raymond E. Feist
Japan's Imperial Conspiracy	author	David Bergamini
Mr. Monk in Outer Space	author	Lee Goldberg
Betavine	author	Vodafone
Mammonart	author	Upton Sinclair
Telek	author	Jack Vance
The Encyclopædia of Ball Juggling	author	Charlie Dancey
The Encyclopædia of Ball Juggling  Charlie Dancey's Compendium of Club Juggling   1	author	Charlie Dancey
Native Tongue (Carl Hiaasen novel)	author	Carl Hiaasen
Iron & Silk	author	Mark Salzman
Yankee in Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
Little T Learns to Share	author	Terrell Owens
Little T Learns to Share	author	Courtney Parker
The Sterkarm Handshake	author	Susan Price
Presidents and Prophets	author	Michael K. Winder
The Nobodies (novel)	author	N. E. Bode
A Mango-Shaped Space	author	Wendy Mass
Best of the Best Volume 2: 20 Years of the Year's Best Short Science Fiction Novels	author	Gardner Dozois
One Million A.D.	author	Gardner Dozois
Tomorrow and Tomorrow	author	Charles Sheffield
The Elysium Commission	author	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
SoMa (novel)	author	Kemble Scott
Camille Claudel (musical)	author	Nan Knighton
Hitman: Enemy Within	author	William C. Dietz
Scuppers The Sailor Dog	author	Margaret Wise Brown
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle	author	Kenichi Araki
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle	author	Keiichi Hasegawa
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle	author	Masanao Akahoshi
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle	author	Takahiko Masuda
Lost Light	author	Michael Connelly
Blood Work (novel)	author	Michael Connelly
Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Fallout	author	David Michaels
7th Heaven (novel)	author	James Patterson
7th Heaven (novel)	author	Maxine Paetro
Indian Summer: The Secret History of the End of an Empire	author	Alex von Tunzelmann
Pontoon: A Novel of Lake Wobegon	author	Garrison Keillor
Salem Falls	author	Jodi Picoult
Other Earths	author	Nick Gevers
Other Earths	author	Jay Lake
The Flame and the Flower	author	Kathleen E. Woodiwiss
Illegal Alien (novel)	author	Robert J. Sawyer
Leaving Home: A Collection of Lake Wobegon Stories	author	Garrison Keillor
Las Dos Caras de Ana	author	Claudia Elisa Aguilar
Wilderness Survival Guide	author	Kim Mohan
Dungeoneer's Survival Guide	author	Douglas Niles
The Last Dog on Earth	author	Daniel Ehrenhaft
Under the Sea Wind	author	Rachel Carson
Flying Jake	author	Lane Smith (illustrator)
Quarterlife	author	Devon Gummersall
Quarterlife	author	Marshall Herskovitz
Quarterlife	author	Lucy Teitler
Quarterlife	author	Edward Zwick
When I Was Young in the Mountains	author	Cynthia Rylant
Skweezer	author	Skweezer, Inc.
The Mammoth Book of Extreme Science Fiction	author	Mike Ashley (writer)
The Modern Corporation and Private Property	author	Adolf A. Berle
The Modern Corporation and Private Property	author	Gardiner Means
Vampire of the Mists	author	Christie Golden
Yonnondio: From the Thirties	author	Tillie Olsen
Bridge of Rama	author	Ashok Banker
The Bowstring Murders	author	John Dickson Carr
The White Priory Murders	author	John Dickson Carr
The Red Widow Murders	author	John Dickson Carr
The Unicorn Murders	author	John Dickson Carr
Death Times Three	author	Rex Stout
The Ant Men of Tibet and Other Stories	author	David Pringle
Louis le Brocquy Táin illustrations	author	Thomas Kinsella
Louis le Brocquy Táin illustrations	author	Ulster Cycle
A Pack of Liars	author	Anne Fine
The Armourer's House	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
The Better Half (play)	author	Noël Coward
Derek & Simon	author	Derek Waters
Derek & Simon	author	Simon Helberg
Derek & Simon	author	Bob Odenkirk
Forbidden Planets (Crowther book)	author	Peter Crowther
Constellations (book)	author	Peter Crowther
A Song of Sixpence	author	A. J. Cronin
The Punch and Judy Murders	author	John Dickson Carr
Death in Five Boxes	author	John Dickson Carr
Pardon My English	author	Herbert Fields
Pardon My English	author	Morrie Ryskind
Life's Lottery	author	Kim Newman
Mississippi Jack	author	L.A. Meyer
Tip-Toes	author	Guy Bolton
Tip-Toes	author	Fred Thompson (writer)
Bazaar Bizarre	author	Greg Der Ananian
Mars Probes	author	Peter Crowther
The Starry Rift	author	Jonathan Strahan
Vinography	author	Alder Yarrow
Drop to His Death	author	John Dickson Carr
Drop to His Death	author	Cecil Street
The Reader is Warned	author	John Dickson Carr
And So to Murder	author	John Dickson Carr
Murder in the Submarine Zone	author	John Dickson Carr
Confessions of a Video Vixen	author	Karrine Steffans
Maithili Karna Kayasthak Panjik Sarvekshan	author	Binod Bihari Verma
Desert of the Heart	author	Jane Rule
A Disappearing Number	author	Simon McBurney
The Cat and the King	author	Louis Auchincloss
Xala (novel)	author	Ousmane Sembène
A Child's First Library of Learning	author	Gakken
October Dreams	author	Richard Chizmar
October Dreams	author	Robert Morrish
The Future Eve	author	Auguste Villiers de l'Isle-Adam
Seeing is Believing (novel)	author	John Dickson Carr
The Gilded Man	author	John Dickson Carr
She Died a Lady	author	John Dickson Carr
A Thing of Beauty	author	A. J. Cronin
The Judas Tree	author	A. J. Cronin
Soul Circus (novel)	author	George Pelecanos
Nayanmani	author	Binod Bihari Verma
Reversing: Secrets of Reverse Engineering	author	Eldad Eilam
Balanak Bonihar O Pallavi	author	Binod Bihari Verma
The Jesus Scroll	author	Donovan Joyce
He Wouldn't Kill Patience	author	John Dickson Carr
The Curse of the Bronze Lamp	author	John Dickson Carr
My Late Wives	author	John Dickson Carr
Air Battle Force	author	Dale Brown
Adventures in Two Worlds	author	A. J. Cronin
Jupiter Laughs	author	A. J. Cronin
Mercury (novel)	author	Ben Bova
Tapasa vai Ganga	author	Binod Bihari Verma
Adim Purkha	author	Gopinath Mohanty
The Hercules Text	author	Jack McDevitt
Giving: How Each of Us Can Change the World	author	Bill Clinton
The House of the Wolfings	author	William Morris
Heaven Eyes	author	David Almond
Images (book)	author	David Lynch
The Manhunter	author	William Bast
The Manhunter	author	Robert Bloch
The Manhunter	author	Sam Rolfe
The Skeleton in the Clock	author	John Dickson Carr
A Graveyard to Let	author	John Dickson Carr
Night at the Mocking Widow	author	John Dickson Carr
Behind the Crimson Blind	author	John Dickson Carr
The Cavalier's Cup	author	John Dickson Carr
Angel Pavement	author	J. B. Priestley
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Fourth Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
Jennifer, Hecate, Macbeth, William McKinley, and Me, Elizabeth	author	E. L. Konigsburg
The Mad King	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Trust Me (book)	author	John Updike
The Grass-Cutting Sword	author	Catherynne M. Valente
Arrow of God	author	Chinua Achebe
A Man of the People	author	Chinua Achebe
Beacon Hill (TV series)	author	Lionel Chetwynd
In Milton Lumky Territory	author	Philip K. Dick
The Man Whose Teeth Were All Exactly Alike	author	Philip K. Dick
Humpty Dumpty in Oakland	author	Philip K. Dick
Nick and the Glimmung	author	Philip K. Dick
Wintle's Wonders	author	Noel Streatfeild
Once Upon a Time in the North	author	Philip Pullman
Torchlight to Valhalla	author	Gale Wilhelm
Land of the Living (novel)	author	Nicci French
Blogging Heroes	author	Michael A. Banks
Jefferson Drum	author	Gene Roddenberry
The Dragon's Teeth	author	Ellery Queen
The Winter of Frankie Machine	author	Don Winslow
Calamity Town	author	Ellery Queen
There Was an Old Woman (novel)	author	Ellery Queen
The Murderer is a Fox	author	Ellery Queen
Ten Days' Wonder	author	Ellery Queen
Cat of Many Tails	author	Ellery Queen
Double, Double (Ellery Queen novel)	author	Ellery Queen
The Origin of Evil	author	Ellery Queen
Right as Rain	author	George Pelecanos
Tripper's Day	author	Brian Cooke
On Being a Pagan	author	Alain de Benoist
Child Christopher and Goldilind the Fair	author	William Morris
A Drink Before the War	author	Dennis Lehane
Mackenzie's Raiders	author	Robert Leslie Bellem
Mackenzie's Raiders	author	Richard Carlson
Buckskin (TV series)	author	Charles Beaumont
Buckskin (TV series)	author	Richard Matheson
The King Is Dead (novel)	author	Ellery Queen
The Scarlet Letters	author	Ellery Queen
Thunder Alley	author	Carmen Finestra
Thunder Alley	author	Bill Freiberger
Thunder Alley	author	David McFadzean
Thunder Alley	author	Joey Murphy
Thunder Alley	author	John Pardee
Thunder Alley	author	Matt Williams (producer)
PowerTOP	author	Intel
The Glass Village	author	Ellery Queen
The Uncommon Reader	author	Alan Bennett
Loud Speaker	author	John Howard Lawson
Old Glory: An American Voyage	author	Jonathan Raban
Surf na crvenom talasu	author	Aleksandar Đuričić
Two Caravans	author	Marina Lewycka
The Ann Sothern Show	author	Tom Adair
The Ann Sothern Show	author	James B. Allardice
The Ann Sothern Show	author	Bob Schiller
The Ann Sothern Show	author	Marvin Worth
The Firm of Girdlestone	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
The Gypsy (novel)	author	Steven Brust
The Gypsy (novel)	author	Robin Hobb
Three Loves	author	A. J. Cronin
The River at the Center of the World	author	Simon Winchester
The Year of Freaking Out	author	Sarah Walker (Australian author)
So the Wind Won't Blow It All Away	author	Richard Brautigan
Nokia Beta Labs	author	Nokia
The Girls (novel)	author	Lori Lansens
The Who's Tommy	author	Pete Townshend
The Who's Tommy	author	Des McAnuff
The Associates (Canadian TV series)	author	Greg Nelson and Jenny Gardner
The Associates (U.S. TV series)	author	Stan Daniels
The Associates (U.S. TV series)	author	Michael J. Leeson
The Associates (U.S. TV series)	author	Ed. Weinberger
From Atlantis to the Sphinx	author	Colin Wilson
Asimov's Science Fiction: 30th Anniversary Anthology	author	Sheila Williams
Around the World in Seventy-Two Days	author	Nellie Bly
SportsCafe	author	Ric Salizzo
China Sky	author	Pearl S. Buck
The Heroin Diaries: A Year in the Life of a Shattered Rock Star	author	Nikki Sixx
Open Wonderland	author	Sun Microsystems
I Was a Rat (TV series)	author	Richard Carpenter
I Was a Rat (TV series)	author	Philip Pullman
Letter from Peking	author	Pearl S. Buck
Face of Courage: Morgan Tsvangirai	author	Sarah Hudleston
Casey Jones (TV series)	author	Lee Erwin
Casey Jones (TV series)	author	Stephen Longstreet
Killer: A Journal of Murder (novel)	author	Thomas E. Gaddis
The Tenth Circle	author	Jodi Picoult
The Night Gardener	author	George Pelecanos
Experience (book)	author	Martin Amis
The Coffee Trader	author	David Liss
The Twilight of the Gods and Other Tales	author	Richard Garnett
CouchDB	author	Damien Katz
CouchDB	author	Jan Lehnardt
CouchDB	author	Noah Slater
CouchDB	author	Christopher Lenz
CouchDB	author	J. Chris Anderson
A Secret Atlas	author	Michael A. Stackpole
Babar's Museum of Art	author	Laurent de Brunhoff
The Complete Idiot's Guide to Publishing Science Fiction	author	Cory Doctorow
The Complete Idiot's Guide to Publishing Science Fiction	author	Karl Schroeder
The Fall of Doctor Onslow	author	Frances Vernon
Snow Bound: The Record of a Theatrical Touring Party	author	Bram Stoker
The Blacker the Berry	author	Wallace Thurman
Patriot Reign	author	Michael Holley
/usr/bin/god	author	Cory Doctorow
Boston (novel)	author	Upton Sinclair
Only When I Larf	author	Len Deighton
I Was a Rat! or The Scarlet Slippers	author	Philip Pullman
America 2040	author	Evan Innes
The Return of Nathan Brazil	author	Jack L. Chalker
The Best Australian Poetry 2007	author	John Tranter
The Wallet of Kai Lung	author	Ernest Bramah
Making Tracks	author	Welly Yang
A Spirit of Tolerance: The Inspiring Life of Tierno Bokar	author	Amadou Hampâté Bâ
Defining Dulcie (novel)	author	Paul Acampora
Star Over Bethlehem and other stories	author	Agatha Christie
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Thirteenth Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
Light a Penny Candle	author	Maeve Binchy
A Bell for Adano (novel)	author	John Hersey
Dick Sand, A Captain at Fifteen	author	Jules Verne
A Wolf at the Table	author	Augusten Burroughs
Kaleidoscope in "K"	author	A. J. Cronin
Kai Lung: Six	author	Ernest Bramah
Schools Information Management System	author	Bedfordshire County Council
The Physician	author	Noah Gordon (novelist)
A Soldier of the Great War	author	Mark Helprin
A Fire in the Sun	author	George Alec Effinger
Red Midnight	author	Ben Mikaelsen
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	author	John K. Butler
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	author	Oliver Drake
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	author	Paul Franklin (screenwriter)
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	author	Eric Freiwald
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	author	Paul Gangelin
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	author	Maurice Geraghty
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	author	Orville H. Hampton
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	author	Samuel Newman
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	author	Robert Schaefer
Sundays at Tiffany's	author	James Patterson
Sail (novel)	author	James Patterson
Out of Sync	author	Lance Bass
The Power of Now	author	Eckhart Tolle
The Secret of the Third Watch	author	J. J. Fortune
'Tis the Season	author	Ann M. Martin
Main Street (novel series)	author	Ann M. Martin
Kai Lung Beneath the Mulberry Tree	author	Ernest Bramah
The Moon of Much Gladness	author	Ernest Bramah
Brewster Place	author	Maya Angelou
Brewster Place	author	Earl Hamner, Jr.
Brewster Place	author	Dianne Houston
Brewster Place	author	Gloria Naylor
2666 (novel)	author	Roberto Bolaño
Gamezebo	author	Joel Brodie
Gamezebo	author	Erin Bell
The House of Lost Identity	author	Donald Corley
Earth Inferno	author	Austin Osman Spare
Luck in the Shadows	author	Lynn Flewelling
Stalking Darkness	author	Lynn Flewelling
Falling (Provoost novel)	author	Anne Provoost
The Footprints on the Ceiling	author	Clayton Rawson
The Headless Lady	author	Clayton Rawson
No Coffin for the Corpse	author	Clayton Rawson
Dragonsdale	author	The Two Steves
The Glass House (novel)	author	Sonya Hartnett
Princes (novel)	author	Sonya Hartnett
Thursday's Child (Sonya Hartnett novel)	author	Sonya Hartnett
Surrender (novel)	author	Sonya Hartnett
Forest (novel)	author	Sonya Hartnett
Teneke (novel)	author	Yaşar Kemal
The Book of Pleasure	author	Austin Osman Spare
The Exile Kiss	author	George Alec Effinger
Darkness, Tell Us	author	Richard Laymon
A Romance of the Halifax Disaster	author	Frank McKelvey Bell
Victory of Eagles	author	Naomi Novik
Just Annoying!	author	Andy Griffiths
Noman (Noble Warriors Trilogy)	author	William Nicholson (writer)
Explosion in a Cathedral	author	Alejo Carpentier
Letters to Jenny	author	Piers Anthony
Letters to Jenny	author	Alan Riggs
The Winter Knights	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
The Winter Knights	author	Chris Riddell
L'Amour médecin	author	Molière
Fatal Revenant	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Just One Look (novel)	author	Harlan Coben
Nightmare Academy (novel)	author	Dean Lorey
Bombs Away: The Story of a Bomber Team	author	John Steinbeck
Laidlaw (novel)	author	William McIlvanney
Inside the Robot Kingdom: Japan, Mechatronics, and the Coming Robotopia	author	Frederik L. Schodt
The Pea-Pickers	author	Eve Langley
Pursuit (novel)	author	Andy Mangels
Pursuit (novel)	author	Michael A. Martin
Nymph Errant	author	Romney Brent
The Fortunate Fall (novel)	author	Raphael Carter
Sos mi vida	author	Ernesto Korovsky
Sos mi vida	author	Sebastián Parrotta
Revenge in the Silent Tomb	author	J. J. Fortune
Cunt: A Declaration of Independence	author	Inga Muscio
Pretty/Handsome	author	Ryan Murphy (writer)
Pretty/Handsome	author	Brad Falchuk
Daughter of Earth	author	Agnes Smedley
My Lucky Star (novel)	author	Joe Keenan (writer)
IPrime	author	Prime Media Group
Super Mario World (TV series)	author	Jack Hanrahan
Super Mario World (TV series)	author	Kristofor Brown
The Art of Being Right	author	Arthur Schopenhauer
The Sunrise Lands	author	S. M. Stirling
The Woods Are Dark	author	Richard Laymon
Dark Sun (novel)	author	Robert Muchamore
San Manuel Bueno, Mártir	author	Miguel de Unamuno
Putting on the Ritz (novel)	author	Joe Keenan (writer)
Blue Heaven (novel)	author	Joe Keenan (writer)
Tomoe Gozen (novel)	author	Jessica Amanda Salmonson
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Seventeenth Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
Chasing the Dime	author	Michael Connelly
Uno's Garden	author	Graeme Base
Thunderhead (novel)	author	Douglas Preston
Thunderhead (novel)	author	Lincoln Child
Broken April	author	Ismail Kadare
London (novel)	author	Edward Rutherfurd
The World at Night	author	Alan Furst
Dreamland (novel)	author	Sarah Dessen
Blind Justice (novel)	author	Bruce Alexander Cook
Ana's Story	author	Jenna Hager
The Fairy Gunmother	author	Daniel Pennac
My Theodosia	author	Anya Seton
The Collapse of Chaos	author	Jack Cohen (scientist)
The Collapse of Chaos	author	Ian Stewart (mathematician)
The Ghost (novel)	author	Robert Harris (novelist)
Nico Nico Douga	author	Niwango
Murder in Grub Street	author	Bruce Alexander Cook
Watery Grave	author	Bruce Alexander Cook
A Dream of John Ball	author	William Morris
What We Believe But Cannot Prove	author	John Brockman (literary agent)
Freaks: Alive on the Inside	author	Annette Curtis Klause
Lust, Caution	author	Eileen Chang
Death into Life	author	Olaf Stapledon
Venetia (Disraeli novel)	author	Benjamin Disraeli
Emily Climbs	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Christianity.com	author	Salem Web Network
Tangle (TV series)	author	Fiona Seres
Tangle (TV series)	author	Tony McNamara
Tangle (TV series)	author	Judi McCrossin
St. Louis Woman	author	Arna Bontemps
St. Louis Woman	author	Countee Cullen
The Stuff of Thought	author	Steven Pinker
Colonization: Down to Earth	author	Harry Turtledove
Colonization: Aftershocks	author	Harry Turtledove
The Conch Bearer (novel)	author	Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni
Blackbird (play)	author	David Harrower
Kangaroo Creek Gang	author	Robert Greenberg
Beyond the Fall of Night	author	Gregory Benford
Beyond the Fall of Night	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Minnesota Independent	author	American Independent News Network
Fergus McPhail	author	David McRobbie
The Family of Pascual Duarte	author	Camilo José Cela
Omertà (novel)	author	Mario Puzo
The Good Companions	author	J. B. Priestley
Vedmurti Taponishth SriRam Sharma Acharya	author	Binod Bihari Verma
Maps and Legends	author	Michael Chabon
The Disinherited	author	Jack Conroy
Ambidextrous (novel)	author	Ryan Picano
Crosswalk.com	author	Salem Web Network
Ring of Fire II	author	Eric Flint
Pipiolo and the Roof Dogs	author	Brian Meunier
Vampirates: Blood Captain	author	Justin Somper
Power to the People (book)	author	Laura Ingraham
Red Orc's Rage	author	Philip José Farmer
The Monster Bed	author	Jeanne Willis
Judita	author	Marko Marulić
The Coroner's Lunch	author	Colin Cotterill
The Doombolt Chase	author	Don Houghton
Bab al-Hara	author	Marwan Qaouk
God: The Failed Hypothesis	author	Victor J. Stenger
Rex (musical)	author	Sherman Yellen
Forsaken House	author	Wilfrido Ma. Guerrero
The Bar Code Tattoo	author	Suzanne Weyn
Elmina's Kitchen	author	Kwame Kwei-Armah
The Four-Gated City	author	Doris Lessing
Tales of the Alhambra	author	Washington Irving
Hero (novel)	author	Perry Moore
The Tide Knot	author	Helen Dunmore
Click Click Snap	author	Sean McGowan
In the Shadow of the Moon (book)	author	Francis French
In the Shadow of the Moon (book)	author	Colin Burgess (author)
To Infinity and Beyond!: The Story of Pixar Animation Studios	author	Karen Paik
The Deep (novel)	author	Helen Dunmore
The Bar Code Rebellion	author	Suzanne Weyn
Polymorph (novel)	author	Scott Westerfeld
Pale Blue Dot (book)	author	Carl Sagan
The Gladiator (novel)	author	Harry Turtledove
The Gryphon's Skull	author	Harry Turtledove
Seize the Night (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
A Gift of Dragons	author	Anne McCaffrey
The Bully: A Discussion and Activity Story	author	Rita Y. Toews
George's Secret Key to the Universe	author	Lucy Hawking
George's Secret Key to the Universe	author	Stephen Hawking
Solip:System	author	Walter Jon Williams
Single & Single	author	John le Carré
Generation X (1965 book)	author	Generation X (1965 book)
Homebody	author	Orson Scott Card
Stone Tables	author	Orson Scott Card
Saints (novel)	author	Orson Scott Card
Invasive Procedures (novel)	author	Orson Scott Card
Fourth Reich of the Rich	author	Des Griffin
The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao	author	Junot Díaz
The E-mail Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
Spider-Man: The Darkest Hours	author	Jim Butcher
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen (novel)	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Traitor's Moon	author	Lynn Flewelling
Shadows Return	author	Lynn Flewelling
A War of Gifts: An Ender Story	author	Orson Scott Card
Chike and the River	author	Chinua Achebe
Rebekah (Women of Genesis series)	author	Orson Scott Card
Rachel and Leah (Women of Genesis series)	author	Orson Scott Card
Did Jesus Exist?	author	George Albert Wells
Rasputin (novel)	author	Orson Scott Card
Redeeming Love	author	Francine Rivers
Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium (novel)	author	Suzanne Weyn
Reincarnation (novel)	author	Suzanne Weyn
An Introduction to the Rock-Forming Minerals	author	William Alexander Deer
An Introduction to the Rock-Forming Minerals	author	R A Howie
An Introduction to the Rock-Forming Minerals	author	J Zussman
The Dangerous Days of Daniel X	author	James Patterson
The Dangerous Days of Daniel X	author	Michael Ledwidge
First Boy	author	Gary Schmidt
MemeStreams	author	Tom Cross (computer security)
MemeStreams	author	Nick Levay
Vimperator	author	Martin Stubenschrott
Hooray for What!	author	Howard Lindsay
Hooray for What!	author	Russel Crouse
I'm Losing You	author	Bruce Wagner
Stone Cold (novel)	author	Robert Swindells
Wolf (novel)	author	Gillian Cross
The Haunting (novel)	author	Margaret Mahy
Tulku (novel)	author	Peter Dickinson
City of Gold (book)	author	Peter Dickinson
Sea Change (Armstrong novel)	author	Richard Armstrong (author)
Death's Shadow (novel)	author	Darren Shan
Beast (novel)	author	Ally Kennen
Oneplace.com	author	Salem Web Network
Bloodline (Repairman Jack novel)	author	F. Paul Wilson
The Edge (novel)	author	Alan Gibbons
Doomwyte	author	Brian Jacques
Harlequin (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
All Fun and Games until Somebody Loses an Eye	author	Christopher Brookmyre
A Big Boy did it and Ran Away	author	Christopher Brookmyre
The Gathering (Enright novel)	author	Anne Enright
South Park and Philosophy: You Know, I Learned Something Today	author	Robert Arp
The Third Ear (book)	author	Chris Lonsdale
Just Disgusting!	author	Andy Griffiths
Just Stupid!	author	Andy Griffiths
Just Crazy!	author	Andy Griffiths
Just Shocking!	author	Andy Griffiths
Emily's Quest	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
The Lieutenant (musical)	author	Gene Curty
The Lieutenant (musical)	author	Nitra Scharfman
The Lieutenant (musical)	author	Chuck Strand
At Home in Mitford	author	Jan Karon
A Light in the Window	author	Jan Karon
Nebula Maker	author	Olaf Stapledon
Master Alvin	author	Orson Scott Card
The Wives of Israel (Women of Genesis series)	author	Orson Scott Card
Weep Not, Child	author	Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o
The Crossing of the Red Land	author	Lucius de Mello
Mister Pip	author	Lloyd Jones
Person or Persons Unknown (novel)	author	Bruce Alexander Cook
Moon of Mutiny	author	Lester del Rey
Grammar of the Gothic Language	author	Joseph Wright (linguist)
Venus (novel)	author	Ben Bova
Encyclopedia Horrifica	author	Joshua Gee
Big Deal (musical)	author	Bob Fosse
Cardography	author	Orson Scott Card
The Wheel of Darkness	author	Douglas Preston
The Wheel of Darkness	author	Lincoln Child
Friends, Lovers, Chocolate	author	Alexander McCall Smith
The Careful Use of Compliments	author	Alexander McCall Smith
St. George's Cathedral, Chennai  St. George's Cathedral   1	author	H. S. S. Lawrence
Starmites	author	Stuart Ross
Starmites	author	Barry Keating
TV Links	author	David Rock
Strange Brother	author	Blair Niles
The simExchange	author	Brian Shiau
Magic Mirror (book)	author	Orson Scott Card
A Separate Reality	author	Carlos Castaneda
Peril at End House (play)	author	Arnold Ridley
Murder at the Vicarage (play)	author	Agatha Christie
Precaution (novel)	author	James Fenimore Cooper
The Scandal of the Evangelical Mind	author	Mark Noll
Le Bal	author	Irène Némirovsky
Atherton: The House of Power	author	Patrick Carman
Paloma (novel)	author	Kristine Kathryn Rusch
Dragonsbane	author	Barbara Hambly
What My Girlfriend Doesn't Know	author	Sonya Sones
Crystal Rain	author	Tobias S. Buckell
Intelligent Thought	author	John Brockman (literary agent)
Ragamuffin (novel)	author	Tobias S. Buckell
Blasphemy (novel)	author	Douglas Preston
Sex and the Single Ghost (novel)	author	Tawny Taylor
Brat Farrar	author	Josephine Tey
The Abyss (Orson Scott Card novel)	author	Orson Scott Card
The Cat and the Fiddle (musical)	author	Otto Harbach
Primrose (musical)	author	Guy Bolton
Primrose (musical)	author	George Grossmith, Jr.
Spider's Web (play)	author	Agatha Christie
Poppy (1923 musical)	author	Howard Dietz
Poppy (1923 musical)	author	W. C. Fields
Dave at Night	author	Gail Carson Levine
Steering the Craft	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Theodosia and the Serpents of Chaos	author	R. L. LaFevers
Twisted, The Distorted Mathematics of Greenhouse Denial	author	Ian G. Enting
Dial 'M' for Monkey (book)	author	Adam Maxwell
Deep Storm	author	Lincoln Child
The Ice Limit	author	Lincoln Child
The Ice Limit	author	Douglas Preston
Jennie (novel)	author	Douglas Preston
Mists of Dawn	author	Chad Oliver
A Far Country (Winston Churchill)	author	Winston Churchill (novelist)
The Year of Living Biblically	author	A. J. Jacobs
Ford and the American Dream	author	Clifton Lambreth
Unaccustomed Earth	author	Jhumpa Lahiri
The Brotherhood of the Rose	author	David Morrell
Frog and Toad are Friends	author	Arnold Lobel
Black (novel)	author	Ted Dekker
White (novel)	author	Ted Dekker
Red (novel)	author	Ted Dekker
Ashes to Gold	author	Sherry Andrews
Ashes to Gold	author	Patti Roberts
Blink (novel)	author	Ted Dekker
Ask Harriet	author	David Cassidy
Ask Harriet	author	Pamela Eells O'Connell
Ask Harriet	author	Peter Murrieta
Ask Harriet	author	Jonathan Prince
Galileo's Daughter	author	Dava Sobel
Fireball (novel)	author	Samuel Youd
New Found Land	author	Samuel Youd
Dragon Dance (novel)	author	Samuel Youd
An Open Book (poems)	author	Orson Scott Card
Missing Men of Saturn	author	Robert S. Richardson
Rocket Jockey (novel)	author	Lester del Rey
Stadium Beyond the Stars	author	Stephen Marlowe
Rocket to Luna	author	Evan Hunter
Origin in Death	author	Nora Roberts
Memory in Death (novel)	author	Nora Roberts
The Raven's Knot	author	Robin Jarvis
The Fatal Strand	author	Robin Jarvis
1st to Die	author	James Patterson
This Is Not the Life I Ordered	author	Michealene Cristini Risley
This Is Not the Life I Ordered	author	Jackie Speier
This Is Not the Life I Ordered	author	Jan Yanehiro
Zoli	author	Colum McCann
The Unicorn Girl	author	Michael Kurland
Monster (Jonathan Kellerman novel)	author	Jonathan Kellerman
The Blue Man	author	Kin Platt
The Internet Galaxy	author	Manuel Castells
Lost and Found (book)	author	Oliver Jeffers
Man on the Moon (book)	author	Simon Bartram
Dark Universe (novel)	author	Daniel F. Galouye
Aristotle (book)	author	Dick King-Smith
Lila Says (novel)	author	Pseudonym
Our Twisted Hero	author	Yi Munyol
Black Girl / White Girl	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Hoppla, We're Alive!	author	Ernst Toller
Flour Babies	author	Anne Fine
The Adventures of Three Englishmen and Three Russians in South Africa	author	Jules Verne
The Sky People	author	S. M. Stirling
Chemistry.com	author	IAC (company)
The Bush Soldiers	author	John Hooker (novelist)
The Lost Barkscrolls	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
The Lost Barkscrolls	author	Chris Riddell
Knowledge and Decisions	author	Thomas Sowell
Little Man Little Man: A Story of Childhood	author	James Baldwin
Deadkidsongs	author	Toby Litt
Finding Myself	author	Toby Litt
The g Factor: General Intelligence and Its Implications (book)	author	Chris Brand
Save Me from Myself	author	Brian Welch
Save Me from Myself  Washed by Blood: Lessons from My Time with Korn an  1	author	Brian Welch
Around the Day in Eighty Worlds	author	Julio Cortázar
Guardian America	author	The Guardian
Poems (Agatha Christie)	author	Agatha Christie
62: A Model Kit	author	Julio Cortázar
Skatter Tech	author	Sahas Katta
A Visitation of Spirits	author	Randall Kenan
Último round	author	Julio Cortázar
Libro de Manuel	author	Julio Cortázar
Freehold (novel)	author	Michael Z. Williamson
Hostile Waters (book)	author	Peter Huchthausen
The Quincunx	author	Charles Palliser
Jack, Knave and Fool	author	Bruce Alexander Cook
Mr Ponsonby	author	Ian Middleton
Stick to Drawing Comics, Monkey Brain!	author	Scott Adams
Los autonautas de la cosmopista	author	Julio Cortázar
Los autonautas de la cosmopista	author	Carol Dunlop
What a Country!	author	Frank Mula
What a Country!	author	Mike Scully
Octaedro	author	Julio Cortázar
The 4-Hour Workweek	author	Timothy Ferriss
The Resistance (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Atomic Lobster	author	Tim Dorsey
The Year's Best Science Fiction: First Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
Parva (novel)	author	S. L. Bhyrappa
The Adventures of Danny Meadow Mouse	author	Thornton Burgess
Two Old Women	author	Velma Wallis
It Ain't Nothin' But the Blues	author	Randal Myler
A Turn in the South	author	V. S. Naipaul
Flashing Swords! 1	author	Lin Carter
Flashing Swords! 2	author	Lin Carter
Flashing Swords! 3: Warriors and Wizards	author	Lin Carter
Flashing Swords! 4: Barbarians and Black Magicians	author	Lin Carter
The Dirt	author	Tommy Lee
The Dirt	author	Mick Mars
The Dirt	author	Vince Neil
The Dirt	author	Nikki Sixx
The Dirt	author	Neil Strauss
Flashing Swords! 5: Demons and Daggers	author	Lin Carter
A Way of Life: Over Thirty Years of Blood, Sweat and Tears	author	Kray twins
Our Story (book)	author	Kray twins
Our Story (book)	author	Fred Dinenage
Seesmic	author	Loïc Le Meur
Born Fighter	author	Kray twins
Djinn (novel)	author	Alain Robbe-Grillet
The Hamilton Case	author	Michelle de Kretser
The Disunited States of America	author	Harry Turtledove
Dragons of Darkness	author	Orson Scott Card
Pied Piper of Lovers	author	Lawrence Durrell
Armenian Encyclopedia	author	Viktor Hambardzumyan
Armenian Encyclopedia	author	Konstantin Khudaverdyan
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Second Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
Among the Missing (Richard Laymon)	author	Richard Laymon
The Bounder	author	Eric Chappell
Future on Ice	author	Orson Scott Card
Future on Fire	author	Orson Scott Card
Keeper of Dreams	author	Orson Scott Card
Bully and the Beast	author	Orson Scott Card
A Small Place in Italy	author	Eric Newby
Laboratory Life	author	Bruno Latour
Laboratory Life	author	Steve Woolgar
English, August	author	Upamanyu Chatterjee
Animal, Vegetable, Miracle: A Year of Food Life	author	Barbara Kingsolver
Every Vote Equal	author	John Koza
Every Vote Equal	author	Barry Fadem
Every Vote Equal	author	Mark Grueskin
Every Vote Equal	author	Michael S. Mandell
Every Vote Equal	author	Rob Richie
Every Vote Equal	author	Joseph F. Zimmerman
Remember When (novel)	author	Nora Roberts
Remember When (novel)	author	Nora Roberts
Pardon My Genie	author	Bob Block
Posing as People	author	Orson Scott Card
Floodgate (novel)	author	Alistair MacLean
Arlequin poli par l'amour	author	Pierre de Marivaux
The Documents in the Case	author	Dorothy L. Sayers
The Documents in the Case	author	Robert Eustace
Raven Rise	author	D. J. MacHale
L'Arrêt de mort	author	Maurice Blanchot
Historias de cronopios y de famas	author	Julio Cortázar
Ainge	author	Orson Scott Card
Listen, Mom and Dad	author	Orson Scott Card
J. R. R. Tolkien's influences	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
J. R. R. Tolkien's influences  The Silmarillion   1	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Inheritance (book)	author	Christopher Paolini
Song of the Birds	author	Julian Lloyd Webber
Travels with My Cello	author	Julian Lloyd Webber
50 Reasons to Hate the French	author	Jules Eden
50 Reasons to Hate the French	author	Alex Clarke
River of Death	author	Alistair MacLean
Jack Holborn	author	Leon Garfield
Jack Holborn	author	Justus Pfaue
Jack Holborn	author	Sigi Rothemund
Inventing Elliot	author	Graham Gardner
The Game of Love and Chance	author	Pierre de Marivaux
Adrift in Soho	author	Colin Wilson
The Rape of Europa	author	Lynn H. Nicholas
The God Particle: If the Universe Is the Answer, What Is the Question?	author	Leon M. Lederman
The God Particle: If the Universe Is the Answer, What Is the Question?	author	Dick Teresi
Seawitch	author	Alistair MacLean
Masterpieces: The Best Science Fiction of the Century	author	Orson Scott Card
The Phobos Science Fiction Anthology Volume 1	author	Orson Scott Card
The Phobos Science Fiction Anthology Volume 2	author	Orson Scott Card
Computers and Intractability: A Guide to the Theory of NP-Completeness	author	Michael&nbsp;R. Garey
Computers and Intractability: A Guide to the Theory of NP-Completeness	author	David&nbsp;S. Johnson
Just William's Luck	author	Richmal Crompton
Nuclear or Not?	author	David Elliott (professor)
The Bloody Red Baron	author	Kim Newman
The Wednesday Wars	author	Gary Schmidt
Anno Dracula (novel)	author	Kim Newman
Dracula Cha Cha Cha	author	Kim Newman
Fantomas contra los vampiros multinacionales	author	Julio Cortázar
Prosa del Observatorio	author	Julio Cortázar
The Golden Gate (MacLean novel)	author	Alistair MacLean
The Middle Age of Mrs Eliot	author	Angus Wilson
Forbidden City (novel)	author	William E. Bell
Eerie, Indiana: The Other Dimension	author	Jim Henshaw
Eerie, Indiana: The Other Dimension	author	Terry Saltsman
Compendium Maleficarum	author	Francesco Maria Guazzo
Vampire Hunter D Volume 1	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
Vampire Hunter D: Raiser of Gales	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
The Barracks	author	John McGahern
Don't Let the Pigeon Stay Up Late!	author	Mo Willems
Knuffle Bunny Too: A Case of Mistaken Identity	author	Mo Willems
Edwina, the Dinosaur Who Didn't Know She Was Extinct	author	Mo Willems
Time to Pee!	author	Mo Willems
Vampire Hunter D: Mysterious Journey to the North Sea	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
Vampire Hunter D: Mysterious Journey to the North Sea  Part Two   1	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
Vampire Hunter D: Throng of Heretics	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
Joe's Palace	author	Stephen Poliakoff
The Road to Omaha	author	Robert Ludlum
Girl in Landscape	author	Jonathan Lethem
Toast (play)	author	Richard Bean
Agatha Christie: An Autobiography	author	Agatha Christie
My Story (Kray book)	author	Kray twins
William Jones (novel)	author	Thomas Rowland Hughes
Conspiracy in Death	author	Nora Roberts
Cult Movies (book)	author	Danny Peary
Deep Fathom	author	James Rollins
The Passion (TV serial)	author	Frank Deasy
The Heritage of Arn	author	Jan Guillou
A Firing Offense	author	George Pelecanos
The Final Circle of Paradise	author	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
Nick's Trip	author	George Pelecanos
Jack Hanna's Animal Adventures	author	Tom Horn
Forrest Gump (novel)	author	Winston Groom
The Seafarer (play)	author	Conor McPherson
The Aunt's Story	author	Patrick White
The Tree of Man	author	Patrick White
The Solid Mandala	author	Patrick White
The Eye of the Storm	author	Patrick White
Bestiario	author	Julio Cortázar
Final del juego	author	Julio Cortázar
Todos los fuegos el fuego	author	Julio Cortázar
The Winners (novel)	author	Julio Cortázar
Nothing: Something to Believe In	author	Nica Lalli
The Way to Dusty Death	author	Alistair MacLean
ScreenRacer	author	Michael Gehri
The Big Kill	author	Mickey Spillane
Double Indemnity (novel)	author	James M. Cain
I'm Dysfunctional, You're Dysfunctional	author	Wendy Kaminer
Lions, Donkeys and Dinosaurs	author	Lewis Page
Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson	author	Alex Timbers
Walk This Way: The Autobiography of Aerosmith	author	Stephen Davis (music journalist)
Walk This Way: The Autobiography of Aerosmith	author	Aerosmith
Caravan to Vaccarès	author	Alistair MacLean
Bird Girl and the Man Who Followed the Sun	author	Velma Wallis
Animalia (TV series)	author	Tom Ruegger
Animalia (TV series)	author	Sherri Stoner
Animalia (TV series)	author	John P. McCann
Animalia (TV series)	author	Deanna Oliver
The Big Blowdown	author	George Pelecanos
Growing Up X	author	Ilyasah Shabazz
The Dark Crusader	author	Alistair MacLean
A Good House	author	Bonnie Burnard
The Whaleboat House	author	Mark Mills (writer)
Music in the Night	author	V. C. Andrews
Sound Bites: Eating on Tour with Franz Ferdinand	author	Alex Kapranos
Breath (novel)	author	Tim Winton
The Grisly Wife	author	Rodney Hall
The Last Frontier (novel)	author	Alistair MacLean
Partisans (novel)	author	Alistair MacLean
A Charge to Keep	author	George W. Bush
History (novel)	author	Elsa Morante
The Golden Road (1913 novel)	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Shadows Over Baker Street	author	Michael Reaves
Shadows Over Baker Street	author	John Pelan
Crime in the Kennel	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Hilldiggers	author	Neal Asher
Paprika (novel)	author	Yasutaka Tsutsui
PunkTV.ca	author	Dixon Christie
Sebastian Darke: Prince of Fools	author	Philip Caveney
Sebastian Darke: Prince of Pirates	author	Philip Caveney
Sebastian Darke: Prince of Explorers	author	Philip Caveney
Nightmare Abbey	author	Thomas Love Peacock
A Buffalope's Tale	author	Philip Caveney
Eternity in Death	author	Nora Roberts
Finding Iris Chang	author	Paula Kamen
The Full Cupboard of Life	author	Alexander McCall Smith
TorrentFreak	author	WordPress
Espresso Tales	author	Alexander McCall Smith
The Samson Option (book)	author	Seymour Hersh
Carnosaur (novel)	author	John Brosnan
Escape from Raven Castle	author	J. J. Fortune
Joker in the Pack	author	Neeraj Pahlajani, Ritesh Sharma
Dr. Adder	author	K. W. Jeter
Iphigénie	author	Jean Racine
Fireman Sam	author	Rob Lee
The Sky Village	author	Monk Ashland
How Children Fail	author	John Holt (educator)
Tom Cruise: An Unauthorized Biography	author	Andrew Morton (writer)
Evil in Paradise	author	J. J. Fortune
14,000 Things to be Happy About	author	Barbara Ann Kipfer
A Guide to the Perplexed	author	Gilad Atzmon
Growing Up Absurd	author	Paul Goodman (writer)
Odd Hours	author	Dean Koontz
In the Company of Cheerful Ladies	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Ten Days in a Mad-House	author	Nellie Bly
The Towers of Trebizond	author	Rose Macaulay
Spadla z oblakov	author	Václav Pavel Borovička
The King's Daughter	author	Suzanne Martel
Der Nachsommer	author	Adalbert Stifter
The Weapon Makers	author	A. E. van Vogt
The Eternal Lover	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Cave Girl	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Jinx (novel)	author	Meg Cabot
Jungle Girl (novel)	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Circle of Friends (novel)	author	Maeve Binchy
Slash (autobiography)	author	Slash (musician)
Blue Shoes and Happiness	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Flood (novel)	author	Richard Doyle
7 Stories	author	Morris Panych
Loyalty in Death	author	Nora Roberts
An Invitation to the White House: At Home with History	author	Hillary Rodham Clinton
The Moon Maid	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Watch Your Step (musical)	author	Harry B. Smith
The American Way of Death	author	Jessica Mitford
Nude Men	author	Amanda Filipacchi
Look Me in the Eye	author	John Elder Robison
Shoot the Women First	author	Eileen MacDonald
Soziologie	author	Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy
Red Dust (novel)	author	Gillian Slovo
Out of Revolution	author	Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy
Cop Hater	author	Evan Hunter
Maytime (musical)	author	Rida Johnson Young
Speech and Reality	author	Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy
New Europe (book)	author	Michael Palin
The Prince and the Pilgrim	author	Mary Stewart
I Am an Impure Thinker	author	Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy
The Living (novel)	author	Annie Dillard
Hard Love	author	Ellen Wittlinger
Star Dancer	author	Beth Webb
Reserved for the Cat	author	Mercedes Lackey
The Girl in a Swing	author	Richard Adams
Midnight in Death	author	Nora Roberts
Ruth Hall	author	Fanny Fern
The Steam House	author	Jules Verne
Magic for Marigold	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
The Beginning Place	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Lift (web framework)	author	David Pollak
Insight (TV series)	author	Michael Ray Rhodes
The Piratica Series	author	Tanith Lee
The Piratica Series  Piratica II: Return to Parrot Island   1	author	Tanith Lee
The Piratica Series  Piratica III: The Family Sea   1	author	Tanith Lee
Dark Enough to See the Stars in a Jamestown Sky	author	Connie Lapallo
101 Ways to Bug Your Teacher	author	Lee Wardlaw
One Fine Day in the Middle of the Night	author	Christopher Brookmyre
Harpsong	author	Rilla Askew
The Painted Word	author	Tom Wolfe
From Bauhaus to Our House	author	Tom Wolfe
The Purple Decades	author	Tom Wolfe
In Our Time (Wolfe book)	author	Tom Wolfe
Tom Cruise: All the World's a Stage	author	Iain Johnstone
Day of Empire: How Hyperpowers Rise to Global Dominance – and Why They Fall	author	Amy Chua
The Way to Paradise	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
A Moral Reckoning	author	Daniel Goldhagen
The Alchemist (novel)	author	Paulo Coelho
The Clue in the Old Stagecoach	author	Carolyn Keene
Helmet for My Pillow	author	Robert Leckie (author)
Coming into the Country	author	John McPhee
Monsieur (novel)	author	Lawrence Durrell
Naked Ambition: An R Rated Look at an X Rated Industry	author	Michael Grecco
Naked Ambition: An R Rated Look at an X Rated Industry	author	Dave Navarro
Naked Ambition: An R Rated Look at an X Rated Industry	author	Larry Flynt
Naked Ambition: An R Rated Look at an X Rated Industry	author	Lonn Friend
Salmonella Men on Planet Porno	author	Yasutaka Tsutsui
ShowBIZ Data	author	ShowBIZ Data
The Maytrees (novel)	author	Annie Dillard
How Holocausts Happen	author	Douglas V. Porpora
Trapped in the USSR	author	J. J. Fortune
Courage: Eight Portraits	author	Gordon Brown
The Army Show	author	Peter Aronson
The Army Show	author	Caroline Case
The Bill Dana Show	author	Garry Marshall
The Bill Dana Show	author	Jerry Belson
Crow Lake (novel)	author	Mary Lawson
Mara, Daughter of the Nile	author	Eloise McGraw
Trullion: Alastor 2262	author	Jack Vance
Little Boy: The Arts of Japan's Exploding Subculture	author	Takashi Murakami
Journey to Atlantis (1985 novel)	author	J. J. Fortune
Thongor of Lemuria	author	Lin Carter
La familia P. Luche	author	David Hernandez
Boot Camp (novel)	author	Todd Strasser
Black Coffee Blues	author	Henry Rollins
The Appeal	author	John Grisham
Death of a Colonial	author	Bruce Alexander Cook
The New Breed (TV series)	author	Don Brinkley
The New Breed (TV series)	author	Peter B. Germano
The New Breed (TV series)	author	Jesse L. Lasky, Jr.
I Know What You Did Last Summer (novel)	author	Lois Duncan
Call of the Wild (TV series)	author	David Assael
Call of the Wild (TV series)	author	David Fallon
La Petite Fadette	author	George Sand
The Sell-In	author	Craig Mathieson
Mahars of Pellucidar	author	John Eric Holmes
Time Within Time: The Diaries 1970–1986	author	Andrei Tarkovsky
Storage@home	author	Adam Beberg
Citizen in Space	author	Robert Sheckley
Pilgrimage to Earth	author	Robert Sheckley
Blood's a Rover	author	James Ellroy
Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens	author	J. M. Barrie
The Little White Bird	author	J. M. Barrie
Saving Fish from Drowning	author	Amy Tan
Letters from a Peruvian Woman	author	Françoise de Graffigny
You Don't Love Me Yet	author	Jonathan Lethem
Cruise Crazy: The Cruise Addict's Survival Guide	author	Cruise Crazy: The Cruise Addict's Survival Guide
The Man Nobody Knows	author	Bruce Fairchild Barton
Kamen Rider Kiva	author	Toshiki Inoue
Kamen Rider Kiva	author	Shōji Yonemura
Who Wrote The Dead Sea Scrolls? (book)	author	Norman Golb
Stocks for the Long Run	author	Jeremy Siegel
Le Fils naturel	author	Denis Diderot
Le père de famille	author	Denis Diderot
The Diversion (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Shakespeare: The World as Stage	author	Bill Bryson
Old Masters (novel)	author	Thomas Bernhard
Puppet (software)	author	Puppet Labs
Under the Green Star	author	Lin Carter
When the Green Star Calls	author	Lin Carter
Spook: Science Tackles the Afterlife	author	Mary Roach
Traveller (novel)	author	Richard Adams
Heart of Glass (novel)	author	Zoey Dean
By the Light of the Green Star	author	Lin Carter
Patrimony: A True Story	author	Philip Roth
Spires of Spirit	author	Gael Baudino
The Women of Algiers in Their Apartments	author	Assia Djebar
Les Filles du feu	author	Gérard de Nerval
The Long Valley	author	John Steinbeck
Rim (novel)	author	Alexander Besher
The Land Leviathan	author	Michael Moorcock
The Steel Tsar	author	Michael Moorcock
A Nomad of the Time Streams	author	Michael Moorcock
Queen Victoria's Bomb	author	Ronald W. Clark
To Visit the Queen	author	Diane Duane
The Silent Stars Go By	author	James White (author)
The Invasion of 1910	author	William Le Queux
Lovecraft's Legacy	author	Robert Weinberg (author)
Lovecraft's Legacy	author	Martin H. Greenberg
Averno (poetry)	author	Louise Glück
The Virgin's Lover	author	Philippa Gregory
A Prayer for My Daughter (play)	author	Thomas Babe
Troll Fell	author	Katherine Langrish
Double Inconstancy	author	Pierre de Marivaux
The Office: The Accountants	author	Michael Schur
The Office: The Accountants	author	Paul Lieberstein
Invasion of the Sea	author	Jules Verne
The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing	author	Melissa Bank
Sébastien Roch	author	Octave Mirbeau
Troll Mill	author	Katherine Langrish
How Soccer Explains the World	author	Franklin Foer
Naturalist (book)	author	E. O. Wilson
Line (play)	author	Israel Horovitz
The Dark Hills Divide	author	Patrick Carman
Into the Mist	author	Patrick Carman
How to Suppress Women's Writing	author	Joanna Russ
The Claidi Journals	author	Tanith Lee
The Claidi Journals  Wolf Star Rise   1	author	Tanith Lee
The Claidi Journals  Queen of the Wolves   1	author	Tanith Lee
The Claidi Journals  Wolf Wing   1	author	Tanith Lee
The Final Programme	author	Michael Moorcock
A Cure for Cancer	author	Michael Moorcock
The English Assassin: A Romance of Entropy	author	Michael Moorcock
The Condition of Muzak	author	Michael Moorcock
The Adventures of Una Persson and Catherine Cornelius in the 20th Century	author	Michael Moorcock
The Lives and Times of Jerry Cornelius	author	Michael Moorcock
The Entropy Tango	author	Michael Moorcock
Firing the Cathedral	author	Michael Moorcock
The Cornelius Quartet	author	Michael Moorcock
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs	author	Judi Barrett
The Black Leather Jacket	author	Mick Farren
The Wrong Side of the Sky	author	Gavin Lyall
The Surprising Archaea	author	John L. Howland
The Spook's Mistake	author	Joseph Delaney
You Bright and Risen Angels	author	William T. Vollmann
A Truce, and Other Stories	author	Mary Tappan Wright
Aliens (1902 novel)	author	Mary Tappan Wright
Body of Lies (novel)	author	David Ignatius
Midnight Plus One	author	Gavin Lyall
Shooting Script	author	Gavin Lyall
Venus with Pistol	author	Gavin Lyall
The Fall of the Templar	author	Derek Benz
The Fall of the Templar	author	J. S. Lewis
Antony and Cleopatra (novel)	author	Colleen McCullough
The Moffats	author	Eleanor Estes
Blind Faith (novel)	author	Ben Elton
The Good Master	author	Kate Seredy
Cathedral (novel)	author	Nelson DeMille
By the Rivers of Babylon	author	Nelson DeMille
Word of Honor (novel)	author	Nelson DeMille
The Sniper (novel)	author	Nelson DeMille
The Hammer of God (DeMille novel)	author	Nelson DeMille
The Agent of Death	author	Nelson DeMille
The Smack Man	author	Nelson DeMille
The Cannibal	author	Nelson DeMille
The Night of the Phoenix	author	Nelson DeMille
Mayday (novel)	author	Thomas Block
Errol Christie  No Place To Hide   1	author	Steve Bunce
The Talbot Odyssey	author	Nelson DeMille
The Charm School	author	Nelson DeMille
The Gold Coast (DeMille novel)	author	Nelson DeMille
The Forgotten Beasts of Eld	author	Patricia A. McKillip
The General's Daughter (novel)	author	Nelson DeMille
Why Are We in Vietnam?	author	Norman Mailer
The Lawless Roads	author	Graham Greene
The Dark Heart of Italy	author	Tobias Jones (writer)
Just Above My Head	author	James Baldwin
August: Osage County	author	Tracy Letts
Tell Me How Long the Train's Been Gone	author	James Baldwin
Blues for Mister Charlie	author	James Baldwin
No Name in the Street	author	James Baldwin
Fire Dreamer	author	Beth Webb
A Rap on Race	author	James Baldwin
A Rap on Race	author	Margaret Mead
Pilot (Cold Feet)	author	Mike Bullen
Light House: A Trifle	author	William Monahan
The Salt Roads	author	Nalo Hopkinson
Farthing (novel)	author	Jo Walton
Ventus	author	Karl Schroeder
Rich Like Us	author	Nayantara Sahgal
Energy and American Society: Thirteen Myths	author	Benjamin K. Sovacool
Energy and American Society: Thirteen Myths	author	Marilyn A. Brown
The Revolt of Aphrodite	author	Lawrence Durrell
Trumpet (novel)	author	Jackie Kay
The Jesus Dynasty	author	James Tabor
Happyslapped by a Jellyfish	author	Karl Pilkington
The Nine Billion Names of God (collection)	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Tango on intohimoni	author	M. A. Numminen
Gloriana (novel)	author	Michael Moorcock
Let's Put the Future Behind Us	author	Jack Womack
Mormon Scientist: The Life and Faith of Henry Eyring	author	Henry J. Eyring
As the Green Star Rises	author	Lin Carter
Madol Doova	author	Martin Wickramasinghe
The Vor Game	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
The Metatemporal Detective	author	Michael Moorcock
Take Three Girls	author	Charlotte Bingham
Take Three Girls	author	Terence Brady
Take Three Girls	author	Hugo Charteris
The Death of Vishnu	author	Manil Suri
Praisesong for the Widow	author	Paule Marshall
The Guild	author	Felicia Day
The Unexpected Guest (play)	author	Agatha Christie
Jane and Prudence	author	Barbara Pym
In the Green Star's Glow	author	Lin Carter
The Avignon Quintet	author	Lawrence Durrell
Sebastian (Durrell novel)	author	Lawrence Durrell
The Village in the Treetops	author	Jules Verne
Honoured Enemy	author	Raymond E. Feist
Honoured Enemy	author	William R. Forstchen
Murder in LaMut	author	Raymond E. Feist
Murder in LaMut	author	Joel Rosenberg (science fiction author)
Jimmy the Hand (novel)	author	Raymond E. Feist
Jimmy the Hand (novel)	author	S. M. Stirling
The Sentinel (anthology)	author	Arthur C. Clarke
The Albatross	author	Susan Hill
Yahoo! Green	author	Yahoo!
The Fall of the Towers	author	Samuel R. Delany
Rommel Drives on Deep into Egypt	author	Richard Brautigan
Jeremy Clarkson's Motorworld  book   1	author	Jeremy Clarkson
Balthazar (novel)	author	Lawrence Durrell
Mountolive	author	Lawrence Durrell
Follow the Rabbit-Proof Fence	author	Doris Pilkington Garimara
The New Despotism	author	Gordon Hewart, 1st Viscount Hewart
Badshahi Angti	author	Satyajit Ray
Belinda (Edgeworth novel)	author	Maria Edgeworth
The World My Wilderness	author	Rose Macaulay
White Bicycles – Making Music in the 1960s	author	Joe Boyd
The Best of Arthur C. Clarke	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Chimneys (play)	author	Agatha Christie
Tales from Planet Earth	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Portrait in Sepia	author	Isabel Allende
Kilmeny of the Orchard	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
More Than One Universe	author	Arthur C. Clarke
Young Believer on Tour	author	Angela Elwell Hunt
Suicide Bombers:Who's Next	author	Violeta Matović
Friday Night Lights: A Town, a Team, and a Dream	author	H. G. Bissinger
Allies and Aliens	author	Roger MacBride Allen
Our Dumb World	author	The Onion
Foxsports.com	author	News Corp. Digital Media
Fablehaven (novel)	author	Brandon Mull
Eric's World	author	John Pattison
Artemis Fowl: The Lost Colony	author	Eoin Colfer
What's Mine's Mine	author	George MacDonald
The Warriors of Spider	author	W. Michael Gear
Love Creeps	author	Amanda Filipacchi
Now, Now, Markus	author	Martin Auer
The Blue Boy (novel)	author	Martin Auer
My Booky Wook	author	Russell Brand
Imperial Stars	author	E. E. Smith
The Journal of Arthur Stirling	author	Upton Sinclair
Bad Elements	author	Ian Buruma
Ports of Call	author	Jack Vance
Carpentaria (novel)	author	Alexis Wright
Gangster (novel)	author	Lorenzo Carcaterra
Getting It: The Psychology of est	author	Getting It: The Psychology of est
Getting It: The Psychology of est	author	Doctor of Philosophy
Manifestoes of Surrealism	author	André Breton
The Primrose Path	author	Bram Stoker
The Black Book (Durrell novel)	author	Lawrence Durrell
Treading Air	author	Jaan Kross
Billy and Blaze	author	Clarence William Anderson
Mother London	author	Michael Moorcock
King of the City	author	Michael Moorcock
The Man Who Won the War	author	Robert Buckner
The Romance of the Forest	author	Ann Radcliffe
The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne	author	Ann Radcliffe
Clermont (novel)	author	Regina Maria Roche
Le Calvaire	author	Octave Mirbeau
The Abbess	author	William Henry Ireland
Twice 22	author	Ray Bradbury
Goodbye California (novel)	author	Alistair MacLean
The Small Assassin	author	Ray Bradbury
The Haunted Jester	author	Donald Corley
The Tony Randall Show	author	Gary David Goldberg
The Tony Randall Show	author	Jay Tarses
The Tony Randall Show	author	Michael Zinberg
Ray Bradbury (collection)	author	Ray Bradbury
The Adventures of Ferdinand Count Fathom	author	Tobias Smollett
Long After Midnight	author	Ray Bradbury
A Special Providence	author	Richard Yates (novelist)
Dragon of the Lost Sea	author	Laurence Yep
Dragon Steel	author	Laurence Yep
The Mummies of Guanajuato	author	Ray Bradbury
The Fog Horn & Other Stories	author	Ray Bradbury
The Fog Horn and Other Stories	author	Ray Bradbury
The Castle of Wolfenbach	author	Eliza Parsons
Duel for the Samurai Sword	author	J. J. Fortune
The Midnight Bell	author	Francis Lathom
The Orphan of the Rhine	author	Eleanor Sleath
The Last Circus and the Electrocution	author	Ray Bradbury
Dragonsword (novel)	author	Gael Baudino
Dinosaur Tales	author	Ray Bradbury
The Dragon (story)	author	Ray Bradbury
Mitchell Report (baseball)	author	George J. Mitchell
Mitchell Report (baseball)	author	DLA Piper
The Forsyte Saga (2002 miniseries)	author	John Galsworthy
The Forsyte Saga (2002 miniseries)	author	Stephen Mallatratt
Smith Magazine	author	Larry Smith (editor)
The Toynbee Convector (collection)	author	Ray Bradbury
The Lady of the Barge	author	W. W. Jacobs
Classic Stories 1	author	Ray Bradbury
Classic Stories 2	author	Ray Bradbury
CuneiForm (software)	author	Cognitive Technologies
Chinese Cinderella and the Secret Dragon Society	author	Adeline Yen Mah
The Parrot Who Met Papa	author	Ray Bradbury
Selected from Dark They Were, and Golden-Eyed	author	Ray Bradbury
Degeneration (Max Nordau)	author	Max Nordau
Pursuit of the Deadly Diamonds	author	J. J. Fortune
Driving Blind	author	Ray Bradbury
Ray Bradbury Collected Short Stories	author	Ray Bradbury
The Firework-Maker's Daughter	author	Philip Pullman
Soul Kitchen (novel)	author	Poppy Z. Brite
Nationalism and Culture	author	Rudolf Rocker
Is That You, Herb?	author	Ray Bradbury
The Dragon Who Ate His Tail	author	Ray Bradbury
From the Dust Returned	author	Ray Bradbury
Camera Three	author	Lonne Elder III
Original Meanings: Politics and Ideas in the Making of the Constitution	author	Jack N. Rakove
On Lies, Secrets and Silence	author	Adrienne Rich
A Vindication of the Rights of Whores	author	Gail Pheterson
Timeless Stories for Today and Tomorrow	author	Ray Bradbury
The Circus of Dr. Lao and Other Improbable Stories	author	Ray Bradbury
So B. It	author	Sarah Weeks
Gracie: A Love Story	author	George Burns
Born Standing Up	author	Steve Martin
Now and Forever (Danielle Steel novel)	author	Danielle Steel
The Logic of Sense	author	Gilles Deleuze
V (1983 miniseries)	author	Kenneth Johnson (producer)
V (The Second Generation)	author	Kenneth Johnson (producer)
Escape (Carolyn Jessop and Laura Palmer book)	author	Carolyn Jessop
Escape (Carolyn Jessop and Laura Palmer book)	author	Laura Palmer (author)
The Guardians (TV series)	author	John Bowen
The Guardians (TV series)	author	Jonathan Hales
The Cat Who Played Post Office	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
The Sacred Land	author	Harry Turtledove
Acorna's Search	author	Anne McCaffrey
Virginie	author	Fabienne Larouche
The War Between the Classes	author	Gloria D. Miklowitz
Darkside (novel)	author	Tom Becker
The Hand of the Devil (novel)	author	Dean Vincent Carter
Millions of Cats	author	Wanda Gág
Little Britain USA	author	David Walliams
Little Britain USA	author	Matt Lucas
An Inconvenient Book	author	Glenn Beck
Tales of Joujouka	author	Mohamed Hamri
Intruder (play)	author	Maurice Maeterlinck
Shadow of the Dragon	author	Sherry Garland
Princess Maleine	author	Maurice Maeterlinck
The Everglades: River of Grass	author	Marjory Stoneman Douglas
Evil Genius (novel)	author	Catherine Jinks
The Delivery Man (novel)	author	Joe McGinniss Jr.
The Ghost of Thomas Kempe	author	Penelope Lively
Shards of Honor	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
A Mysterious Affair of Style	author	Gilbert Adair
Dragon Cauldron	author	Laurence Yep
Dragon War	author	Laurence Yep
Dragon (fantasy series)	author	Laurence Yep
Bureaucracy (book)	author	Ludwig von Mises
Pioneers of American Freedom	author	Rudolf Rocker
The Legion of Space	author	Jack Williamson
The Black Curtain	author	Cornell Woolrich
Little Golden Guy	author	Brian Barney
The Scarecrow and his Servant	author	Philip Pullman
Winter in Madrid	author	C. J. Sansom
Necropolis (Horowitz novel)	author	Anthony Horowitz
Judas Country	author	Gavin Lyall
Duel of Dragons (novel)	author	Gael Baudino
Dragon Death (novel)	author	Gael Baudino
The Code of Romulus	author	Caroline Lawrence
Dustbin Baby	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Sly Mongoose	author	Tobias S. Buckell
The Wizard of London	author	Mercedes Lackey
The Waxworks Murder	author	John Dickson Carr
Bo Knows Bo	author	Bo Jackson
Bo Knows Bo	author	Dick Schaap
The Problem of the Wire Cage	author	John Dickson Carr
The Enchanter	author	Vladimir Nabokov
To Wake the Dead	author	John Dickson Carr
The Nine Wrong Answers	author	John Dickson Carr
The Bride of Newgate	author	John Dickson Carr
Snoop Dogg's Father Hood	author	Erik Weiner
I Wish That I Had Duck Feet	author	Dr. Seuss
Catch Me If You Can (musical)	author	Terrence McNally
A Countess Below Stairs	author	Eva Ibbotson
Uncle Target	author	Gavin Lyall
The Crocus List	author	Gavin Lyall
For a Living	author	Nicholas Coles
Hexwood	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Season of Passion	author	Danielle Steel
Wanderlust (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Pittsburgh Book of Contemporary American Poetry	author	Ed Ochester
Thurston House (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Finding Violet Park	author	Jenny Valentine
The Damned Utd	author	David Peace
Self-Help (book)	author	Samuel Smiles
The Sleeping Sphinx	author	John Dickson Carr
Patrick Butler for the Defense	author	John Dickson Carr
The Dead Man's Knock	author	John Dickson Carr
Castle Skull	author	John Dickson Carr
The Chase (novel)	author	Clive Cussler
LifeLogger	author	Orientations Network S.B.
A Company of Swans	author	Eva Ibbotson
Evolution of Infectious Disease	author	Paul W. Ewald
The Man with the Iron Heart	author	Harry Turtledove
The Pleasure of Finding Things Out	author	Richard Feynman
The Pleasure of Finding Things Out	author	Richard Feynman#Personal life
The Man Who Could Not Shudder	author	John Dickson Carr
The Black Spectacles	author	John Dickson Carr
The Latke Who Couldn't Stop Screaming	author	Lemony Snicket
Till Death Do Us Part (Carr novel)	author	John Dickson Carr
The House at Satan's Elbow	author	John Dickson Carr
Giant Killer Shark: The Musical	author	Sam Sutherland
A Place Called Here	author	Cecelia Ahern
Burned (Hopkins novel)	author	Ellen Hopkins
A Monetary History of the United States	author	Milton Friedman
A Monetary History of the United States	author	Anna Schwartz
In a Lonely Place (novel)	author	Dorothy B. Hughes
The Secret Servant (Gavin Lyall novel)	author	Gavin Lyall
The Conduct of Major Maxim	author	Gavin Lyall
Cool It: The Skeptical Environmentalist's Guide to Global Warming	author	Bjørn Lomborg
A Confederate General from Big Sur	author	Richard Brautigan
Beyond the Valley of Thorns	author	Patrick Carman
Jason and Marceline	author	Jerry Spinelli
Chosen (novel)	author	Ted Dekker
Sombrero Fallout: A Japanese Novel	author	Richard Brautigan
XIII (miniseries)	author	David Wolkove
XIII (miniseries)	author	Philippe Lyon
XIII (miniseries)	author	William Vance
XIII (miniseries)	author	Jean Van Hamme
New Rules: Polite Musings from a Timid Observer	author	Bill Maher
Infidel (novel)	author	Ted Dekker
The Hawkline Monster: A Gothic Western	author	Richard Brautigan
The Mad Hatter Mystery	author	John Dickson Carr
The Devil in Velvet	author	John Dickson Carr
Death Turns the Tables	author	John Dickson Carr
Miss America (book)	author	Howard Stern
The Testament of Gideon Mack	author	James Robertson (novelist and poet)
Berserk (novel)	author	Ally Kennen
A Mercy	author	Toni Morrison
An Unfortunate Woman: A Journey	author	Richard Brautigan
Get Well Soon (TV series)	author	John Antrobus
Get Well Soon (TV series)	author	Galton and Simpson
The Tokyo-Montana Express	author	Richard Brautigan
Tenderness (novel)	author	Robert Cormier
Lucy Gayheart	author	Willa Cather
Fine Things	author	Danielle Steel
The Firebrand	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Mixed Blessings	author	Danielle Steel
Message from Nam	author	Danielle Steel
Beside the Ocean of Time	author	George Mackay Brown
M33 in Andromeda	author	A. E. van Vogt
Out of Order (novel)	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
The Crimson Patch	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
The Tinkling Symbol	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Deathblow Hill	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Raising the Bar (TV series)	author	Steven Bochco
Raising the Bar (TV series)	author	David Feige
Sandbar Sinister	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
The Mystery of the Cape Cod Tavern	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
William the Dictator	author	Richmal Crompton
The Broken Sword of the Empire	author	Maxim Kalashnikov
Ice (Dukaj novel)	author	Jacek Dukaj
Liberal Fascism	author	Jonah Goldberg
The 'W' Files	author	Ni Kuang
The Paradox of Choice: Why More Is Less	author	Barry Schwartz (psychologist)
The battle for skies	author	Maxim Kalashnikov
Interior (play)	author	Maurice Maeterlinck
The 39 Steps (play)	author	Patrick Barlow
Bert Breen's Barn	author	Walter D. Edmonds
An American Life	author	Ronald Reagan
Silent Honor	author	Danielle Steel
Tomica Hero: Rescue Force	author	Shinichi Inotsume
Tomica Hero: Rescue Force	author	Hiroyuki Kawasaki
Tomica Hero: Rescue Force	author	Ryota Sakamaki
Tomica Hero: Rescue Force	author	Yoichiro Ohashi
Tomica Hero: Rescue Force	author	Reiko Yoshida
Tomica Hero: Rescue Force	author	Takashi Yamada
Tomica Hero: Rescue Force	author	Nobusuke Onishi
Tomica Hero: Rescue Force	author	Takuya Masumoto
Tomica Hero: Rescue Force	author	Mitsutaka Hirota
Rinkin of Dragon's Wood	author	Thora Colson
Buniyaad	author	Manohar Shyam Joshi
London Calling (play)	author	Geoffrey Kerr
On Giants' Shoulders	author	Melvyn Bragg
Singularity (William Sleator novel)	author	William Sleator
Now and After	author	Alexander Berkman
Musicophilia	author	Oliver Sacks
War Horse (play)	author	Michael Morpurgo
War Horse (play)	author	Nick Stafford
Poison in Jest	author	John Dickson Carr
The Arabian Nights Murder	author	John Dickson Carr
Ratha and Thistle-chaser	author	Clare Bell
The Eight of Swords	author	John Dickson Carr
The Four False Weapons	author	John Dickson Carr
The Men Who Explained Miracles	author	John Dickson Carr
Three Cups of Tea	author	Greg Mortenson
Three Cups of Tea	author	David Oliver Relin
London Calling!	author	Noël Coward
Yahoo! Finance	author	Yahoo!
The Farther Shore (Star Trek)	author	Christie Golden
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer	author	Christopher Hitchens
Gimik	author	Eula Valdez
The Bottom Billion	author	Paul Collier
The Color of Death	author	Bruce Alexander Cook
Political Man	author	Seymour Martin Lipset
Assassin (novel)	author	Anna Myers (novelist)
Hag's Nook	author	John Dickson Carr
The Demoniacs	author	John Dickson Carr
In Spite of Thunder	author	John Dickson Carr
The Witch of the Low Tide	author	John Dickson Carr
The Quantum Prophecy	author	Michael Carroll (author)
2nd Chance (novel)	author	James Patterson
Race Matters	author	Cornel West
The Creationists	author	Ronald Numbers
The Shame of the Nation	author	Jonathan Kozol
Nothing Like It in the World	author	Stephen E. Ambrose
Ha'penny (novel)	author	Jo Walton
Half a Crown (novel)	author	Jo Walton
2081: A Hopeful View of the Human Future	author	Gerard K. O'Neill
The Five Ages of the Universe	author	Fred Adams
The Fifth Son of the Shoemaker	author	Donald Corley
Arlequin roi de Serendib	author	Alain-René Lesage
Three Mile Island: A Nuclear Crisis in Historical Perspective	author	J. Samuel Walker
Venus as a Boy (novella)	author	Luke Sutherland
London Calling (novel)	author	Edward Bloor
The Lucifer Principle	author	Howard Bloom
Cocaine Blues (novel)	author	Kerry Greenwood
Gemma Doyle Trilogy	author	Libba Bray
Sword Quest	author	Nancy Yi Fan
Dreaming of Babylon: A Private Eye Novel 1942	author	Richard Brautigan
Best Word Book Ever	author	Richard Scarry
Cinna (play)	author	Pierre Corneille
La Place royale	author	Pierre Corneille
A Hard Day's Death	author	Raymond Benson
The Golden Keel	author	Desmond Bagley
Wyatt's Hurricane	author	Desmond Bagley
Running Blind (Desmond Bagley novel)	author	Desmond Bagley
Bahama Crisis	author	Desmond Bagley
The Enemy (Desmond Bagley novel)	author	Desmond Bagley
The Century for Young People	author	Peter Jennings
This Night's Foul Work	author	Fred Vargas
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo	author	Stieg Larsson
Socks (novel)	author	Beverly Cleary
The City of Dreaming Books	author	Walter Moers
Mosaic: Pieces of My Life So Far	author	Amy Grant
The King's Peace (novel)	author	Jo Walton
The King's Name	author	Jo Walton
The Prize in the Game	author	Jo Walton
Eleven Hours	author	Paullina Simons
The Geography of Bliss	author	Eric Weiner
The Wild Blue: The Novel of the U.S. Air Force	author	Walter J. Boyne
Undaunted Courage: Meriwether Lewis, Thomas Jefferson And The Opening Of The American West	author	Stephen E. Ambrose
The Burning (play)	author	Stewart Conn
Fortune's Fool (novel)	author	Mercedes Lackey
Imaginative Sex	author	John Norman
Driftglass	author	Samuel R. Delany
Distant Stars	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Tipping Point	author	Malcolm Gladwell
Där vi en gång gått	author	Kjell Westö
The Battle of the Labyrinth	author	Rick Riordan
The Seven Songs of Merlin	author	T. A. Barron
Tyrants Destroyed and Other Stories	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Fathers and Crows	author	William T. Vollmann
A Heritage and Its History	author	Ivy Compton-Burnett
The Alpine Path: The Story of My Career	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Driftglass/Starshards	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Complete Nebula Award-Winning Fiction	author	Samuel R. Delany
Quark/1	author	Samuel R. Delany
Quark/1	author	Marilyn Hacker
Quark/2	author	Samuel R. Delany
Quark/2	author	Marilyn Hacker
Quark/3	author	Samuel R. Delany
Quark/3	author	Marilyn Hacker
The Dream Merchant (novel)	author	Isabel Hoving
Quark/4	author	Samuel R. Delany
Quark/4	author	Marilyn Hacker
When the Devil Dances	author	John Ringo
Nebula Winners Thirteen	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Hardcore Diaries	author	Mick Foley
Periwinkle at the Full Moon Ball	author	Geneviève Huriet
LuaTeX	author	Taco Hoekwater
The Gates of Sleep	author	Mercedes Lackey
Dinner Party (play)	author	Pier Vittorio Tondelli
Five Days in Paris	author	Danielle Steel
Free Agents	author	Chris Niel
Impulse (novel)	author	Ellen Hopkins
Time and Chance (book)	author	Kim Campbell
La Foire de Guibray	author	Alain-René Lesage
Arlequin Mahomet	author	Alain-René Lesage
Le Tombeau de Nostradamus	author	Alain-René Lesage
Les Deux Billets	author	Jean-Pierre Claris de Florian
Odalisque (novel)	author	Fiona McIntosh
The Aware	author	Glenda Larke
Le Bon Ménage	author	Jean-Pierre Claris de Florian
Le Bon Père	author	Jean-Pierre Claris de Florian
Atsuhime (drama)	author	Kumiko Tabuchi
Atsuhime (drama)	author	Miyao Tomiko
Çalıkuşu	author	Reşat Nuri Güntekin
Nightwings	author	Robert Silverberg
Lost Dorsai	author	Gordon R. Dickson
24 Views of Mt. Fuji, by Hokusai	author	Roger Zelazny
Gilgamesh in the Outback	author	Robert Silverberg
Back to Blood	author	Tom Wolfe
The Cat Who Knew Shakespeare	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Sunset in St. Tropez	author	Danielle Steel
Come, Tell Me How You Live	author	Agatha Christie
Willard and His Bowling Trophies: A Perverse Mystery	author	Richard Brautigan
L'Île des esclaves	author	Pierre de Marivaux
Australian Music Online	author	Reamont Pty Ltd
Smile, You're Traveling	author	Henry Rollins
Lion of Ireland	author	Morgan Llywelyn
Thor Meets Captain America	author	David Brin
A Lick of Frost	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Bone Forest	author	Robert Holdstock
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians	author	Brandon Sanderson
Gate of Ivory, Gate of Horn	author	Robert Holdstock
Wish You Well (novel)	author	David Baldacci
Twang!	author	Lionel Bart
Beachheads in Space	author	August Derleth
Beyond Time and Space	author	August Derleth
Far Boundaries	author	August Derleth
Love-Letters Between a Nobleman and His Sister	author	Aphra Behn
Before Green Gables	author	Budge Wilson
Everything on a Waffle	author	Polly Horvath
The Expert at the Card Table	author	S. W. Erdnase
The Expert at the Card Table  : The Classic Treatise  1	author	S. W. Erdnase
To Live	author	Yu Hua (author)
The Night Side	author	August Derleth
The Outer Reaches	author	August Derleth
Mahanayak (novel)	author	Vishwas Patil
Love Among the Ruins. A Romance of the Near Future	author	Evelyn Waugh
The Unicorn Series	author	Tanith Lee
The Unicorn Series  Gold Unicorn   1	author	Tanith Lee
The Unicorn Series  Red Unicorn   1	author	Tanith Lee
Family Guy: Stewie's Guide to World Domination	author	Steve Callaghan
Here in Cold Hell	author	Tanith Lee
Cast a Bright Shadow	author	Tanith Lee
No Flame but Mine	author	Tanith Lee
The S.I.L.V.E.R. Series	author	Tanith Lee
El Buscón	author	Francisco de Quevedo
Family Guy: Brian's Guide to Booze, Broads, and the Lost Art of Being a Man	author	Andrew Goldberg (TV writer)
Shutter Island	author	Dennis Lehane
Nada the Lily	author	H. Rider Haggard
Space (miniseries)	author	James A. Michener
Space (miniseries)	author	Dick Berg
Space (miniseries)	author	Stirling Silliphant
From Other Worlds	author	August Derleth
Stonewall Jackson and the American Civil War	author	George Francis Robert Henderson
The Other Side of the Moon (anthology)	author	August Derleth
Day (2007 novel)	author	A. L. Kennedy
What Was Lost	author	Catherine O'Flynn
Old Europe, New Europe, Core Europe	author	Daniel Levy
Moscow 1812: Napoleon's Fatal March	author	Adam Zamoyski
Master Georgie	author	Beryl Bainbridge
Star Science Fiction Stories No.1	author	Frederik Pohl
Portals of Tomorrow	author	August Derleth
Sleep No More (anthology)	author	August Derleth
The Sleeping and the Dead	author	August Derleth
Strange Ports of Call	author	August Derleth
The Time of Infinity	author	August Derleth
Time to Come	author	August Derleth
The Unquiet Grave (anthology)	author	August Derleth
The Navigator (novel)	author	Clive Cussler
The Navigator (novel)	author	Paul Kemprecos
When Evil Wakes	author	August Derleth
Who Knocks?	author	August Derleth
The Soul of the Rhino	author	Bruce Babbitt
The Soul of the Rhino	author	Jim Fowler
Worlds of Tomorrow	author	August Derleth
New Worlds for Old (Derleth)	author	August Derleth
Dancing After Hours	author	Andre Dubus
A Handful of Darkness	author	Philip K. Dick
The Variable Man (collection)	author	Philip K. Dick
The Preserving Machine	author	Philip K. Dick
The Book of Philip K. Dick	author	Philip K. Dick
The Best of Philip K. Dick	author	Philip K. Dick
The Golden Man (collection)	author	Philip K. Dick
Discoveries in Australia	author	John Lort Stokes
Beyond a Boundary	author	C. L. R. James
Darkwalker on Moonshae	author	Douglas Niles
Robots, Androids, and Mechanical Oddities	author	Philip K. Dick
I Hope I Shall Arrive Soon (collection)	author	Philip K. Dick
Acid3	author	Ian Hickson
Ambassador Morgenthau's Story	author	Henry Morgenthau, Sr.
Panic Spring	author	Lawrence Durrell
The Glass Palace	author	Amitav Ghosh
Empress (novel)	author	Shan Sa
Tarnished Heisman	author	Don Yaeger
The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick	author	Philip K. Dick
The Concept of the Political	author	Carl Schmitt
Next Door's Baby	author	Bernadette Strachan
The Footballer's Wife (novel)	author	Kerry Katona
BBC Guide to Comedy	author	Mark Lewisohn
Beyond Lies the Wub (collection)	author	Philip K. Dick
Gunnar's Daughter	author	Sigrid Undset
The C.G.E. Show	author	Dorothy Robb
Starship Troupers	author	Christopher Stasheff
Starship Troupers  We Open On Venus   1	author	Christopher Stasheff
Starship Troupers  A Slight Detour   1	author	Christopher Stasheff
Tough Love (novel)	author	Kerry Katona
Stage6	author	DivX, Inc.
Second Variety (1989 collection)	author	Philip K. Dick
The Father-Thing (collection)	author	Philip K. Dick
The Days of Perky Pat (collection)	author	Philip K. Dick
Birds of South Asia. The Ripley Guide	author	Pamela C. Rasmussen
Birds of South Asia. The Ripley Guide	author	John C. Anderton
The Little Black Box (collection)	author	Philip K. Dick
The Dark Haired Girl	author	Philip K. Dick
The Short Happy Life of the Brown Oxford (collection)	author	Philip K. Dick
We Can Remember It for You Wholesale (collection)	author	Philip K. Dick
Second Variety (1991 collection)	author	Philip K. Dick
The Minority Report (collection)	author	Philip K. Dick
The Charmer (TV series)	author	Allan Prior
The Eye of the Sibyl (collection)	author	Philip K. Dick
Abaqus	author	Dassault Systèmes
99 Coffins	author	David Wellington (author)
Alphabet Soup (TV series)	author	Pat Patterson (writer)
Can Ladies Kill?	author	Peter Cheyney
Swamp Thing (1991 TV series)	author	Mark McCorkle
Swamp Thing (1991 TV series)	author	Bob Schooley
Al diablo con los guapos	author	Juan Carlos Alcalá
Al diablo con los guapos	author	Fermín Zúñiga
The Choice (novel)	author	Nicholas Sparks (author)
The Green Ripper	author	John D. MacDonald
The Philip K. Dick Reader	author	Philip K. Dick
Selected Stories of Philip K. Dick	author	Philip K. Dick
Blood Rites (novel)	author	Jim Butcher
Dead Beat (novel)	author	Jim Butcher
Proven Guilty (novel)	author	Jim Butcher
White Night (novel)	author	Jim Butcher
Paycheck (collection)	author	Philip K. Dick
Three Bags Full	author	Leonie Swann
Vintage PKD	author	Philip K. Dick
Abangan Ang Susunod Na Kabanata	author	José Javier Reyes
Perri (novel)	author	Felix Salten
Around the World in 80 Days (TV miniseries)	author	Jules Verne
Around the World in 80 Days (TV miniseries)	author	John Gay (screenwriter)
Cry-Baby (musical)	author	Mark O'Donnell
Cry-Baby (musical)	author	Thomas Meehan (writer)
Earthman's Burden	author	Poul Anderson
Earthman's Burden	author	Gordon R. Dickson
So You Want To Tread The Boards	author	Jennifer Reischel
Good Masters! Sweet Ladies! Voices from a Medieval Village	author	Laura Amy Schlitz
Minority Report (2002 collection)	author	Philip K. Dick
Blair on Broadway	author	Iain Hollingshead
El Señor Presidente	author	Miguel Ángel Asturias
The Shakespeare Stealer	author	Gary Blackwood
Danger—Human	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Rumble Fish (novel)	author	S. E. Hinton
A Meeting at Corvallis	author	S. M. Stirling
Double Solitaire	author	Melinda M. Snodgrass
The Liars' Club	author	Mary Karr
Mutants (collection)	author	Gordon R. Dickson
My Life as a Traitor	author	Zarah Ghahramani
The Film Club	author	David Gilmour (writer)
The Star Road	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Ancient, My Enemy	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Gordon R. Dickson's SF Best	author	Gordon R. Dickson
A Stranger Came Ashore	author	Mollie Hunter
The Spirit of Dorsai	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Man and Boy (novel)	author	Tony Parsons (British journalist)
Doctor Dolittle and the Green Canary	author	Hugh Lofting
Born Fighting	author	Jim Webb
In Iron Years	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Lost Dorsai (collection)	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Just After Sunset	author	Stephen King
Love Not Human	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Hoka!	author	Poul Anderson
Hoka!	author	Gordon R. Dickson
The Mysterious Warning, a German Tale	author	Eliza Parsons
The Man from Earth (collection)	author	Gordon R. Dickson
The Blessing	author	Nancy Mitford
Umrao Jaan Ada	author	Mirza Hadi Ruswa
The Magicians	author	J. B. Priestley
Kiss (novel)	author	Jacqueline Wilson
On Wings of Eagles	author	Ken Follett
Nation (novel)	author	Terry Pratchett
Waiting (novel)	author	Ha Jin
Flyaway (novel)	author	Desmond Bagley
The Celestial Triad	author	Traci Harding
The Brave Bulls	author	Thomas C. Lea, III
Survival!	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Dickson!	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Fortunata y Jacinta	author	Benito Pérez Galdós
Steel Brother	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Way Out	author	Sumner Locke Elliott
Avilion	author	Robert Holdstock
Beyond the Dar Al-Harb	author	Gordon R. Dickson
The Play What I Wrote	author	Hamish McColl
The Play What I Wrote	author	Sean Foley (comedian)
The Play What I Wrote	author	Eddie Braben
Forward!	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Invaders!	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Aubrey and Gus	author	Dick Thomas (screenwriter)
The Lion Children	author	Angus, Maisie, Travers McNeice and Oakley Purchase
The Myth of the Plan	author	Peter Rutland
Wolfblade	author	Jennifer Fallon
The Man from Beijing (novel)	author	Henning Mankell
The Right Stuff (book)	author	Tom Wolfe
The Dorsai Companion	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Epiphany (novel)	author	David Hewson
The Last Dream	author	Gordon R. Dickson
The Miracle Worker (play)	author	William Gibson (playwright)
The Man the Worlds Rejected	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Mindspan	author	Gordon R. Dickson
The Post-War Dream (novel)	author	Mitch Cullin
The Compass of Zen	author	Seung Sahn
The Compass of Zen	author	Hyon Gak
In the Bone	author	Gordon R. Dickson
The Stranger (collection)	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Shady Deal at Sunny Acres	author	Roy Huggins
Shady Deal at Sunny Acres	author	Douglas Heyes
Statement of Regret	author	Kwame Kwei-Armah
Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind	author	Shunryu Suzuki
Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind	author	Zentatsu Richard Baker
The Phenomenon of Man	author	Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
Vietnam: The Ten Thousand Day War	author	Peter Arnett
Beginnings (collection)	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Guided Tour (collection)	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Duel at Sundown (Maverick)	author	Howard Browne
Hoka! Hoka! Hoka!	author	Poul Anderson
Hoka! Hoka! Hoka!	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Hokas Pokas!	author	Poul Anderson
Hokas Pokas!	author	Gordon R. Dickson
The Island of Eternal Love	author	Daína Chaviano
To Each His Own (novel)	author	Leonardo Sciascia
Super Pig (book)	author	Willie Rushton
The Turquoise (novel)	author	Anya Seton
The Human Edge	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Rod Serling's Triple W: Witches, Warlocks and Werewolves	author	Rod Serling
Seven Myths of the Spanish Conquest	author	Matthew Restall
Reflections in a Golden Eye (novel)	author	Carson McCullers
Le Chef-d'œuvre inconnu	author	Honoré de Balzac
The Cat Who Sniffed Glue	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Rod Serling's Devils and Demons	author	Rod Serling
Combat SF	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Nebula Winners Twelve	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Between the Bridge and the River	author	Craig Ferguson
The Harriers	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Blood and War	author	Gordon R. Dickson
Take Flight (musical)	author	John Weidman
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1949	author	E. F. Bleiler
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1949	author	T. E. Dikty
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1950	author	E. F. Bleiler
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1950	author	T. E. Dikty
Noughts & Crosses (novel series)	author	Malorie Blackman
Noughts & Crosses (novel series)  Knife Edge   1	author	Malorie Blackman
Noughts & Crosses (novel series)  Checkmate   1	author	Malorie Blackman
Noughts & Crosses (novel series)  Double Cross   1	author	Malorie Blackman
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1951	author	E. F. Bleiler
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1951	author	T. E. Dikty
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1952	author	E. F. Bleiler
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1952	author	T. E. Dikty
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1953	author	E. F. Bleiler
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1953	author	T. E. Dikty
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1954	author	E. F. Bleiler
The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1954	author	T. E. Dikty
The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: 1955	author	T. E. Dikty
The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: 1956	author	T. E. Dikty
The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: Ninth Series	author	T. E. Dikty
Year's Best Science Fiction Novels: 1952	author	E. F. Bleiler
Year's Best Science Fiction Novels: 1952	author	T. E. Dikty
Year's Best Science Fiction Novels: 1953	author	E. F. Bleiler
Year's Best Science Fiction Novels: 1953	author	T. E. Dikty
Year's Best Science Fiction Novels: 1954	author	E. F. Bleiler
Year's Best Science Fiction Novels: 1954	author	T. E. Dikty
Psionics Handbook	author	Bruce Cordell
Groosham Grange	author	Anthony Horowitz
Imagination Unlimited	author	E. F. Bleiler
Imagination Unlimited	author	T. E. Dikty
Nintendojo	author	Peer Schneider
Our Choice	author	Al Gore
Every Boy's Book of Outer Space Stories	author	T. E. Dikty
Great Science Fiction Stories About Mars	author	T. E. Dikty
Great Science Fiction Stories About the Moon	author	T. E. Dikty
The Theory of Evolution	author	John Maynard Smith
Beguilement	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Legacy (2007 novel)	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
The Spirit Ring	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Coronado's Children	author	J. Frank Dobie
The Knight and Death	author	Leonardo Sciascia
The Group (novel)	author	Mary McCarthy (author)
Cat among the Pigeons (Cat Royal)	author	Julia Golding
One Hundred and Two H-Bombs	author	Thomas M. Disch
The Last Voyage of Columbus	author	Martin Dugard (author)
Under Compulsion	author	Thomas M. Disch
The Murder House Trilogy	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Hard Call	author	John McCain
Hard Call	author	Mark Salter
The Complete Stories (O'Connor)	author	Flannery O'Connor
RotoWire	author	Peter Schoenke
RotoWire	author	Jeff Erickson
The Healer's Keep	author	Victoria Hanley
The Seer and the Sword	author	Victoria Hanley
Merlin's Wood	author	Robert Holdstock
David Suzuki: The Autobiography	author	David Suzuki
The Cat Who Knew a Cardinal	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
The Cat Who Tailed a Thief	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Super Friends (1973 TV series)	author	Jack Cole
Super Friends (1973 TV series)	author	Gardner Fox
Super Friends (1973 TV series)	author	Mort Weisinger
The Matter of Araby in Medieval England	author	Dorothee Metlitzki
People of the Fire	author	W. Michael Gear
People of the Fire	author	Kathleen O'Neal Gear
People of the Earth	author	W. Michael Gear
People of the Earth	author	Kathleen O'Neal Gear
People of the River	author	W. Michael Gear
People of the River	author	Kathleen O'Neal Gear
Sherlock Holmes: The Musical	author	Leslie Bricusse
White Fang Goes Dingo	author	Thomas M. Disch
Getting into Death	author	Thomas M. Disch
Getting into Death and Other Stories	author	Thomas M. Disch
Beyond Reality (TV series)	author	James Kahn
Beyond Reality (TV series)	author	Robin Bernheim
Beyond Reality (TV series)	author	Richard Manning (television writer)
Beyond Reality (TV series)	author	Gordon Farr
Beyond Reality (TV series)	author	Marc Scott Zicree
Beyond Reality (TV series)	author	Durnford King
Xenesis	author	Beat Glogger
Universal Pronouncing Gazetteer	author	Thomas Baldwin
VirusTotal.com	author	Hispasec Sistemas
Antiquities of Mexico	author	Edward King, Viscount Kingsborough
The Eagle Has Flown	author	Jack Higgins
Medalon	author	Jennifer Fallon
East and West (book)	author	Chris Patten
Queen of Camelot	author	Nancy McKenzie
The Chemistry of Death	author	Simon Beckett
Giacomo Joyce	author	James Joyce
Biology Today: An Issues Approach	author	Eli C. Minkoff
Journey into the Whirlwind	author	Yevgenia Ginzburg
Oxford Encyclopedia of Maritime History	author	John Hattendorf
Evolutionary Biology (textbook)	author	Eli C. Minkoff
Agent 13: The Invisible Empire	author	Flint Dille
Agent 13: The Invisible Empire	author	David Marconi
Bright Day	author	J. B. Priestley
Tom Clancy's EndWar (novel)	author	David Michaels
Imaginotions; Truthless Tales	author	Tudor Jenks
Native Speaker	author	Chang-Rae Lee
Hachiko Waits	author	Lesléa Newman
The Far Side Gallery 4	author	Gary Larson
The Complete Far Side	author	Gary Larson
Life As We Knew It	author	Susan Beth Pfeffer
Malibu U	author	Milt Larsen
Malibu U	author	Bob Lauher
Tous les matins du monde	author	Pascal Quignard
Collins Bird Guide	author	Lars Svensson (ornithologist)
Collins Bird Guide	author	Peter J. Grant
There's a Girl in My Soup (comedy)	author	Terence Frisby
Dauntless (novel)	author	John G. Hemry
Time and the Gods (omnibus)	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
Levels of Knowing and Existence	author	Harry L. Weinberg
The Revolution: A Manifesto	author	Ron Paul
The Collaborators	author	Stan Olson
The Collaborators	author	Grahame Woods
The Collaborators	author	George Robertson (screenwriter)
The Collaborators	author	Lyal Brown
The Collaborators	author	Tony Sheer
The Collaborators	author	Claude Harz
The Collaborators	author	Carol Bolt
Heaven Has No Favorites	author	Erich Maria Remarque
Trust Me (novel)	author	Rajashree
Cariboo Country (TV series)	author	Paul St. Pierre
People of the Book (novel)	author	Geraldine Brooks (writer)
Monkey Hunting	author	Cristina García
Shell Shaker	author	LeAnne Howe
Providence (Quebec TV series)	author	Chantal Cadieux
Providence (Quebec TV series)	author	François Boulay
Providence (Quebec TV series)	author	Nicole Giroux
Providence (Quebec TV series)	author	Patrick Lowe
Fortunes of War (TV series)	author	Olivia Manning
Fortunes of War (TV series)	author	Alan Plater
Mungerilal Ke Haseen Sapne	author	Manohar Shyam Joshi
The Green Knight (novel)	author	Iris Murdoch
The Romantics (novel)	author	Pankaj Mishra
I, the Supreme	author	Augusto Roa Bastos
By the Beautiful Sea	author	Herbert Fields
By the Beautiful Sea	author	Dorothy Fields
Up in Central Park	author	Herbert Fields
Up in Central Park	author	Dorothy Fields
The Tower of the Elephant (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
Zeroville	author	Steve Erickson
The Marriage Counselor	author	Tyler Perry
Rogues in the House (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
The Devil in Iron (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
Queen of the Black Coast (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
Action in the Afternoon	author	William Robert Cox
The Kingdom and the Power	author	Gay Talese
Jewels of Gwahlur (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
The Detectives Starring Robert Taylor	author	Borden Chase
The Detectives Starring Robert Taylor	author	Louis Pelletier
The Detectives Starring Robert Taylor	author	Gene Roddenberry
Agent 13: The Serpentine Assassin	author	Flint Dille
Agent 13: The Serpentine Assassin	author	David Marconi
Warrior (novel)	author	Jennifer Fallon
Sovereign (Sansom novel)	author	C. J. Sansom
Black Colossus (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
The Pool of the Black One (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
The Conan Chronicles, 1	author	Robert E. Howard
The Complete Chronicles of Conan	author	Robert E. Howard
The Cat Who Talked to Ghosts	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Bombo (musical)	author	Harold R. Atteridge
Nevada (Zane Grey novel)	author	Zane Grey
The Conan Chronicles (Robert Jordan)	author	Robert Jordan
A Live Coal in the Sea	author	Madeleine L'Engle
2007 World Youth Report	author	United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs
The Conan Chronicles II	author	Robert Jordan
The Further Chronicles of Conan	author	Robert Jordan
The Essential Conan	author	Robert E. Howard
Dreams of Trespass: Tales of a Harem Girlhood	author	Fatema Mernissi
Cachaça, Um Amor Brasileiro	author	Alessandra Garcia Trindade
Counter-Revolutionary Violence – Bloodbaths in Fact & Propaganda	author	Edward S. Herman
Counter-Revolutionary Violence – Bloodbaths in Fact & Propaganda	author	Noam Chomsky
La Semaine Sainte	author	Louis Aragon
GNUSim8085	author	Sridhar Ratnakumar
Ashes to Ashes (novel)	author	Tami Hoag
Little Dracula	author	Martin Waddell
The Case Against the Fed	author	Murray Rothbard
Construction Project Information Committee	author	CPIC
2 Girls	author	Perihan Mağden
Show Me Yours	author	Noel S. Baker
Show Me Yours	author	Shelley Eriksen
Show Me Yours	author	Karen Hill (television writer)
Show Me Yours	author	Karen McClellan
Show Me Yours	author	Jennifer Cowan
Show Me Yours	author	Barry Stevens (television writer)
Phoebe, Junior	author	Margaret Oliphant Oliphant
Nog (novel)	author	Rudy Wurlitzer
The Mystery of the Black Jungle	author	Emilio Salgari
Winged Creatures (novel)	author	Roy Freirich
Thorn Ogres of Hagwood	author	Robin Jarvis
Noise: The Political Economy of Music	author	Jacques Attali
Wizard's Hall	author	Jane Yolen
Passing Strange	author	Stew (musician)
Reksio	author	Lechosław Marszałek
Free Radio	author	Lance Krall
Free Radio	author	Rory Rosegarten
Vkontakte	author	Vkontakte
Miś Uszatek	author	Czesław Janczarski
California Dreaming (novel)	author	Zoey Dean
The Running Man (1968)	author	Bill Pronzini
Eichmann Interrogated	author	Jochen von Lang
Robinson Crusoe, Jr.	author	Edgar Smith
The Hour We Knew Nothing Of Each Other	author	Peter Handke
Adam (2008 novel)	author	Ted Dekker
Banewreaker	author	Jacqueline Carey
Xft	author	Keith Packard
Super Friends (1980)	author	Haskell Barkin
Super Friends (1980)	author	Dick Conway (writer)
Super Friends (1980)	author	Willie Gilbert
Super Friends (1980)	author	Donald F. Glut
Super Friends (1980)	author	Mark Jones (screenwriter)
Super Friends (1980)	author	Elana Lesser
Super Friends (1980)	author	Dick Robbins
Super Friends (1980)	author	Cliff Ruby
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band on the Road	author	Robin Wagner
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band on the Road	author	Tom O'Horgan
Reflex (novel)	author	Steven Gould
Harper's Bible Dictionary	author	Paul J. Achtemier
Eyes of the Emperor	author	Graham Salisbury
Something Upstairs	author	Avi (author)
The Year of the Dragon (play)	author	Frank Chin
His Dark Materials (play)	author	Philip Pullman
His Dark Materials (play)	author	Nicholas Wright
Violette's Daring Adventure	author	Geneviève Huriet
Sinbad (musical)	author	Harold R. Atteridge
The Barbed Coil	author	J. V. Jones
Skin Cancer: Recognition and Management	author	Robert A. Schwartz
Rhialto the Marvellous	author	Jack Vance
Tales of the Dying Earth	author	Jack Vance
The Bridge: The Building of the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge	author	Gay Talese
Fame and Obscurity	author	Gay Talese
Honor Thy Father	author	Gay Talese
Unto the Sons	author	Gay Talese
Angel (1960 TV series)	author	Jess Oppenheimer
A Writer's Life	author	Gay Talese
Las Tontas No Van al Cielo	author	Enrique Torres
Las Tontas No Van al Cielo	author	Miguel Vega
Las Tontas No Van al Cielo	author	Palmira Olguín
The Dick Tracy Show	author	Homer Brightman
The Dick Tracy Show	author	Robert Ogle
The Dick Tracy Show	author	Al Bertino
The Dick Tracy Show	author	Dick Kinney
The Dick Tracy Show	author	Ed Nofziger
The Dick Tracy Show	author	Chester Gould
Shadow and Claw	author	Gene Wolfe
The Field of Vision	author	Wright Morris
La Maravilla	author	Alfredo Véa, Jr.
The Chronicles of Amber (omnibus)	author	Roger Zelazny
Gather Together in My Name	author	Maya Angelou
Mr. Monk Goes to Germany	author	Lee Goldberg
Ironman (novel)	author	Chris Crutcher
Toward an Architecture	author	Le Corbusier
Yahoo! Live	author	Yahoo!
After This	author	Alice McDermott
Territory (novel)	author	Emma Bull
Tightrope (TV series)	author	Clarence Greene
Tightrope (TV series)	author	Russell Rouse
Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology – Volume 5	author	Eleanor Sullivan
April Twilights	author	Willa Cather
Outside Valentine	author	Liza Ward
Pitcairn's Island (novel)	author	Charles Nordhoff
Pitcairn's Island (novel)	author	James Norman Hall
Born of the Storm	author	Nikolai Ostrovsky
The Lees of Laughter's End	author	Steven Erikson
The Battlefield Where The Moon Says I Love You	author	Frank Stanford
The Hills of Varna	author	Geoffrey Trease
The Intergalactic Kitchen	author	Frank Rogers
The Chinese Puzzle (TV series)	author	Brian Finch
Lyrebird (Tales of Helpmann)	author	Tyler Coppin
Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology – Volume 4	author	Eleanor Sullivan
Go Jump in the Pool	author	Gordon Korman
May Wine	author	Frank Mandell
L'Opoponax	author	Monique Wittig
Les Guérillères	author	Monique Wittig
Le Corps Lesbien	author	Monique Wittig
The Book of Bunny Suicides	author	Andy Riley
The Danish Girl	author	David Ebershoff
Dark Star Safari	author	Paul Theroux
With God on Our Side: One Man's War Against an Evangelical Coup in America's Military	author	Michael L. Weinstein
A Good and Happy Child	author	Justin Evans
All That Glitters (novel)	author	V. C. Andrews
Alfred Hitchcock's Anthology – Volume 2	author	Eleanor Sullivan
Remote Install Mac OS X	author	Apple Inc.
One Month to Live	author	Kerry Shook
Dusty – The Original Pop Diva	author	John-Michael Howson
Dusty – The Original Pop Diva	author	Melvyn Morrow
The Last Enemy (TV series)	author	Peter Berry
Family Moving Day	author	Geneviève Huriet
The Last Ringbearer	author	Kirill Eskov
The Root Cellar	author	Janet Lunn
Hedwig and the Angry Inch (musical)	author	John Cameron Mitchell
Truancy (novel)	author	Isamu Fukui
Pretend You Don't See Her	author	Mary Higgins Clark
Cebu (novel)	author	Peter Bacho
Hidden Jewel	author	V. C. Andrews
The Zulu and the Zayda	author	Howard Da Silva
The Zulu and the Zayda	author	Felix Leon
Truesight	author	David Stahler Jr.
Genesis Alpha	author	Rune Michaels
The Good Dog	author	Avi (author)
Jack, the Giant Killer	author	Charles de Lint
Mexican Hayride (musical)	author	Herbert Fields
Mexican Hayride (musical)	author	Dorothy Fields
Bad Land: An American Romance	author	Jonathan Raban
The Casuarina Tree	author	W. Somerset Maugham
Vator	author	Bambi Francisco
Common Arrangement of Work Sections	author	CPIC
The Devil's Crown	author	Jack Russell
The Devil's Crown	author	Ken Taylor (scriptwriter)
Hysteria (play)	author	Terry Johnson (dramatist)
Garner's Modern American Usage	author	Bryan A. Garner
Altri Libertini	author	Pier Vittorio Tondelli
You Never Know (musical)	author	Rowland Leigh
The True Meaning of Smekday	author	Adam Rex
Killing Time (Paul Feyerabend book)	author	Paul Feyerabend
Viriconium (1988 collection)	author	M. John Harrison
Viriconium (2000 collection)	author	M. John Harrison
All Broken Up and Dancing	author	Kelvin Tan
Anathem	author	Neal Stephenson
Seekers (TV series)	author	Lynda La Plante
I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell	author	Tucker Max
Laura Warholic	author	Alexander Theroux
The Underdogs (novel)	author	Mariano Azuela
Lily Beach	author	Jennie Fields
Kyle XY: Nowhere to Hide	author	S. G. Wilkins
Faith of My Fathers	author	John McCain
Things the Grandchildren Should Know	author	Mark Oliver Everett
Hollywood Hex	author	Mikita Brottman
WorldWide Telescope	author	Jonathan Fay
The Return (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Pablo's Tree	author	Pat Mora
The Land of Laughs	author	Jonathan Carroll
Kyle XY: Under the Radar	author	S. G. Wilkins
Russka (novel)	author	Edward Rutherfurd
The Forest (novel)	author	Edward Rutherfurd
Ireland: Awakening	author	Edward Rutherfurd
The Porcelain Magician	author	Frank Owen (author)
The Informant (book)	author	Kurt Eichenwald
The History of Sex	author	Kelly McPherson
The History of Sex	author	Melissa Jo Peltier
Liquor (novel)	author	Poppy Z. Brite
Timbuktu (novella)	author	Paul Auster
The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian	author	Sherman Alexie
The 5th Horseman	author	James Patterson
The 5th Horseman	author	Maxine Paetro
City of the Sun (novel)	author	David Levien
Range Ryder and the Calgary Kid	author	Jed MacKay
Range Ryder and the Calgary Kid	author	Larry Mollin
Range Ryder and the Calgary Kid	author	Phil Savath
Around the World (musical)	author	Orson Welles
The Thirty-First of February	author	Nelson S. Bond
The Clone Republic	author	Steven L. Kent
Modern Dance for Beginners	author	Sarah Phelps
Men Against the Stars	author	Martin Greenberg
Darkest Dawn	author	R. L. Stine
Between Two Seas	author	Marie-Louise Jensen
Larry and the Meaning of Life	author	Janet Tashjian
Born to Rock (book)	author	Gordon Korman
Star Trek: The Continuing Mission	author	Sebastian Prooth
Star Trek: The Continuing Mission	author	Andy Tyrer
Star Trek: The Continuing Mission	author	Patrick McCray
Plum Lucky	author	Janet Evanovich
Notorious Woman	author	Harry W. Junkin
Backup: A Story of the Dresden Files	author	Jim Butcher
Disc2Phone	author	Sony
One for the Road (Bjørn Christian Tørrissen book)	author	Bjørn Christian Tørrissen
Poison Study	author	Maria V. Snyder
The Queen's Gambit (novel)	author	Walter Tevis
The Men Who Stare at Goats	author	Jon Ronson
Hazed (comics)	author	Mark Sable
Tomorrow and Tomorrow & The Fairy Chessmen	author	Lewis Padgett
The Beatles: The Fab Four Who Dominated Pop Music for a Decade	author	Robert Burt
Bone Dance	author	Emma Bull
Travelers of Space	author	Martin Greenberg
Please Don't Eat the Daisies (TV series)	author	Lee Erwin
Please Don't Eat the Daisies (TV series)	author	Jean Kerr
Caverns (novel)	author	Ken Kesey
Moose Murders	author	Arthur Bicknell
A Practical Guide To Racism	author	Sam Means
Seetee Ship	author	Jack Williamson
Journey to Infinity	author	Martin Greenberg
The Mixed Men	author	A. E. van Vogt
The Dragons of Babel	author	Michael Swanwick
Robots Have No Tails	author	Lewis Padgett
Judgment Night (collection)	author	C. L. Moore
Tomás and the Library Lady	author	Pat Mora
Creatures of the Night (comics)	author	Neil Gaiman
The Dead of Jericho	author	Colin Dexter
How I Paid for College: A Novel of Sex, Theft, Friendship, and Musical Theater	author	Marc Acito
Wizard of the Crow	author	Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o
Fatelessness	author	Imre Kertész
The Whitby Witches	author	Robin Jarvis
A Warlock in Whitby	author	Robin Jarvis
Five Science Fiction Novels	author	Martin Greenberg
Tom Swift in the Caves of Ice	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift Among the Diamond Makers	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift and His Wireless Message	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift and His Electric Runabout	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift and His Submarine Boat	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift and His Airship	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift and His Motor Boat	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift and His Motor Cycle	author	Victor Appleton
Conflict of Interest (novel)	author	David Crump
Bright Lights of 1944	author	Charles Taylor Sherman
The Cancer Journals	author	Audre Lorde
My Mortal Enemy	author	Willa Cather
The Weekenders (UK TV series)	author	Vic Reeves
The Weekenders (UK TV series)	author	Bob Mortimer
Space Lawyer	author	Nat Schachner
Scarrie! The Musical	author	David Cerda
FunOrb	author	Jagex
The Good Terrorist	author	Doris Lessing
The Twelve Kingdoms: Sea of Wind	author	Fuyumi Ono
Catching the Big Fish	author	David Lynch
Kings Will Be Tyrants	author	Ward Hawkins
A Girl, a Man, and a River	author	Ward Hawkins
The Wounded Surgeon (book)	author	Adam Kirsch
Congressional Pictorial Directory	author	United States Congress Joint Committee on Printing
Jonah (poetry book)	author	Arthur Boyd
Jonah (poetry book)	author	Peter Porter
Mutant (collection)	author	Lewis Padgett
The Refugees	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
Shambleau and Others	author	C. L. Moore
O Strange New World	author	Howard Mumford Jones
The Three Trillion Dollar War	author	Joseph Stiglitz
The Three Trillion Dollar War	author	Linda Bilmes
Ways to Live Forever	author	Sally Nicholls
Killing for Culture	author	David Kerekes
The Robot and the Man	author	Martin Greenberg
Backtrack (western novel)	author	Milton Lott
A Russian Beauty and Other Stories	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Pattern for Conquest	author	George O. Smith
Celia en el colegio	author	Elena Fortún
Minions of the Moon	author	William Gray Beyer
The Chosen (Smith novel)	author	L. J. Smith (author)
The Zula Patrol	author	Nicole Dubuc
The Zula Patrol	author	Simon Jowett
A Tract of Time	author	Smith Hempstone
Cosmic Engineers	author	Clifford D. Simak
Renaissance (novel)	author	Raymond F. Jones
Woodstock Nation (book)	author	Abbie Hoffman
The Starmen	author	Leigh Brackett
Meat is Murder (book)	author	Mikita Brottman
Iceworld	author	Hal Clement
Amy's View	author	David Hare (playwright)
Mel Oliver and Space Rover on Mars	author	Joseph Samachson
Christopher Unborn	author	Carlos Fuentes
Northwest of Earth	author	C. L. Moore
Letters to Ottla	author	Franz Kafka
The Forgotten Planet	author	Murray Leinster
Edgar Huntly	author	Charles Brockden Brown
No Picnic on Mount Kenya	author	Felice Benuzzi
Misha: A Mémoire of the Holocaust Years	author	Misha Defonseca
Star Bridge	author	Jack Williamson
Star Bridge	author	James Gunn (author)
Noonshade	author	James Barclay
Address: Centauri	author	F. L. Wallace
Operation Destruct	author	Christopher Nicole
Edge – the third culture	author	John Brockman
Sargasso of Space	author	Andre Norton
Runemarks	author	Joanne Harris
This Fortress World	author	James Gunn (author)
Play to the End	author	Robert Goddard (novelist)
Vampire Kisses (novel)	author	Ellen Schreiber
Donald Duk	author	Frank Chin
Barely Political	author	Ben Relles
Barely Political	author	Leah Kauffman
A Thurber Carnival	author	James Thurber
The French Confection	author	Anthony Horowitz
Dogeaters	author	Jessica Hagedorn
All About the Future	author	Martin Greenberg
Sail Away (musical)	author	Noël Coward
The Century (book)	author	Alain Badiou
This Year of Grace	author	Noël Coward
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Fifth Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
Southland (novel)	author	Nina Revoyr
SILENCE! The Musical	author	Hunter Bell
Why Survive? Being Old in America	author	Robert Neil Butler
Reprieve from Paradise	author	H. Chandler Elliott
Godslayer	author	Jacqueline Carey
Science Fiction Terror Tales	author	Groff Conklin
The Joseph Smith Papers	author	Joseph Smith
The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H.	author	George Steiner
Highways in Hiding	author	George O. Smith
World Without End (Haldeman novel)	author	Joe Haldeman
MusicRadar	author	Future plc
Plague Ship	author	Andre Norton
The Chronicles of Master Li and Number Ten Ox	author	Barry Hughart
Cemetery Dance (novel)	author	Douglas Preston
Cemetery Dance (novel)	author	Lincoln Child
Gone with the Wind (musical)	author	Trevor Nunn
Promenade (musical)	author	María Irene Fornés
SF: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy	author	Judith Merril
Interplanetary Hunter	author	Arthur K. Barnes
The Double Hook	author	Sheila Watson (writer)
Lilith: A Snake in the Grass	author	Jack L. Chalker
SF '57: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy	author	Judith Merril
Delfy and His Friends	author	Antoni D'Ocón
Delfy and His Friends	author	Ramón Herrero
Delfy and His Friends	author	Josep Peña
Stairway to Heaven: Led Zeppelin Uncensored	author	Richard Cole
The Hatpin	author	James Millar (Australian actor)
Colonial Survey	author	Murray Leinster
Two Sought Adventure	author	Fritz Leiber
Aristocrats (TV series)	author	Stella Tillyard
Aristocrats (TV series)	author	Harriet O'Carroll
Sperm Wars	author	Robin Baker (biologist)
Queen of Demons	author	David Drake
Coming Attractions	author	Martin Greenberg
The Seedling Stars	author	James Blish
Path of Unreason	author	George O. Smith
The White Gryphon	author	Mercedes Lackey
Starman's Quest	author	Robert Silverberg
Monster: The Autobiography of an L.A. Gang Member	author	Sanyika Shakur
Tros of Samothrace	author	Talbot Mundy
Flanimals: The Day of the Bletchling	author	Ricky Gervais
SF '58: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy	author	Judith Merril
SF '59: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy	author	Judith Merril
The Survivors (Godwin novel)	author	Tom Godwin
Crossing the River	author	Caryl Phillips
The Bird of Time	author	Wallace West
Purple Pirate	author	Talbot Mundy
Grief (novel)	author	Andrew Holleran
The Vortex Blaster	author	E. E. Smith
Invaders from the Infinite	author	John W. Campbell
Državna Tajna	author	Semir Halilović
Bernarda Alba (musical)	author	Michael John LaChiusa
Gray Lensman	author	E. E. Smith
Chronicle of a Death Foretold (musical)	author	Graciela Daniele
Chronicle of a Death Foretold (musical)	author	Jim Lewis (librettist)
The Philosophical Corps	author	Everett B. Cole
Hotel World	author	Ali Smith
God of Carnage	author	Yasmina Reza
The General (Robert Muchamore novel)	author	Robert Muchamore
Operation Storm City	author	Joshua Mowll
Dark Matter (series)	author	Sheree Thomas
Dark Matter (series)  Dark Matter: Reading the Bones   1	author	Sheree Thomas
The Watchmen (novel)	author	John Altman (author)
La Vortaro	author	FREELANG Dictionary
Prince Otto	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Enciklopedio Kalblanda	author	W:eo:Stefano KALB
High School Musical 2: On Stage!	author	David Simpatico
I'll Be The Devil	author	Leo Butler
The Strange Death of Tory England	author	Geoffrey Wheatcroft
The Ebb-Tide	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
The Ebb-Tide	author	Lloyd Osbourne
St. Ives (novel)	author	Robert Louis Stevenson
Something Special (short story)	author	Iris Murdoch
Witch Baby	author	Francesca Lia Block
The Gorgon's Gaze	author	Julia Golding
The Priests of Psi	author	Frank Herbert
Yellow Back Radio Broke-Down	author	Ishmael Reed
Tough, Tough Toys for Tough, Tough Boys	author	Will Self
Jenny Villiers	author	J. B. Priestley
Colossus (collection)	author	Donald Wandrei
Colossus (collection)  Farewell to Earth—The Original Ending   1	author	Donald Wandrei
The Drawing of the Dark	author	Tim Powers
Boesman and Lena	author	Athol Fugard
The Island (2005 novel)	author	Victoria Hislop
Leyendas de Guatemala	author	Miguel Ángel Asturias
The Best of Frank Herbert	author	Frank Herbert
Heaven's Wager	author	Ted Dekker
The Wizard of Lemuria	author	Lin Carter
The Book of Frank Herbert	author	Frank Herbert
The Worlds of Frank Herbert	author	Frank Herbert
Mindset (book)	author	Carol Dweck
Get Lost!	author	Alan Plater
Doom 3: Worlds on Fire	author	Matthew J. Costello
Galactic Empires (anthology)	author	Gardner Dozois
Pursuit of the Screamer	author	Ansen Dibell
The Merchants' War (Stross novel)	author	Charles Stross
Union Street (novel)	author	Pat Barker
The Limits of Liberty	author	Maldwyn Jones
IOS SDK	author	Apple Inc.
Going, Going, Gone (novel)	author	Jack Womack
Fighter Wing: A Guided Tour of an Air Force Combat Wing	author	Tom Clancy
Ladies' Night (novel)	author	Jack Ketchum
Arab and Jew: Wounded Spirits in a Promised Land	author	David K. Shipler
A Hand in the Bush	author	A Hand in the Bush
The Five Chinese Brothers	author	Claire Huchet Bishop
Storm Thief	author	Chris Wooding
Cerberus: A Wolf in the Fold	author	Jack L. Chalker
Into the Out Of	author	Alan Dean Foster
Cleopatra (1962 novel)	author	Jeffrey K. Gardner
Spearhead (novel)	author	Franklin M. Davis, Jr
Confederates in the Attic	author	Tony Horwitz
The Macintosh Way	author	Guy Kawasaki
Miracles of Life	author	J. G. Ballard
"G" Is for Gumshoe	author	Sue Grafton
"H" Is for Homicide	author	Sue Grafton
The Kip Brothers	author	Jules Verne
The Sea Serpent	author	Jules Verne
The Will of an Eccentric	author	Jules Verne
The Irresistible Revolution	author	Shane Claiborne
Captain Antifer	author	Jules Verne
Mistress Branican	author	Jules Verne
Claudius Bombarnac	author	Jules Verne
Kéraban the Inflexible	author	Jules Verne
Foundling Mick	author	Jules Verne
A Cage of Eagles	author	James Follett
My Soul to Keep	author	Tananarive Due
Brown Girl in the Ring (novel)	author	Nalo Hopkinson
Skin Folk	author	Nalo Hopkinson
The Road to Mecca	author	Athol Fugard
The Flight to France	author	Jules Verne
The Archipelago on Fire	author	Jules Verne
Dragons of Summer Flame	author	Margaret Weis
Dragons of Summer Flame	author	Tracy Hickman
The Borrowers Aloft	author	Mary Norton (author)
Iso suomen kielioppi	author	Auli Hakulinen
Iso suomen kielioppi	author	Maria Vilkuna
Iso suomen kielioppi	author	Riitta Korhonen
Iso suomen kielioppi	author	Vesa Koivisto
Iso suomen kielioppi	author	Tarja-Riitta Heinonen
Iso suomen kielioppi	author	Irja Alho
The Monster of Florence: A True Story	author	Douglas Preston
The Monster of Florence: A True Story	author	Mario Spezi
Brigaden	author	Ivar Køhn
Brigaden	author	Siv Rajendram
Brigaden	author	Bror Hageman
Brigaden	author	Pelone Wahl
Brigaden	author	Birgitte Bratseth
Brigaden	author	Peter Eisenstein
Midnight Robber	author	Nalo Hopkinson
Mojo: Conjure Stories	author	Nalo Hopkinson
So Long Been Dreaming	author	Nalo Hopkinson
So Long Been Dreaming	author	Uppinder Mehan
Racconti romani	author	Alberto Moravia
The Cult of Alien Gods: H. P. Lovecraft and Extraterrestrial Pop Culture	author	Jason Colavito
Linkwad	author	Nick Fridrich
Eager (novel)	author	Helen Fox
The Charlemagne Pursuit	author	Steve Berry (novelist)
13 Little Blue Envelopes	author	Maureen Johnson
"B" Is for Burglar	author	Sue Grafton
"C" Is for Corpse	author	Sue Grafton
"D" Is for Deadbeat	author	Sue Grafton
Prince of the Blood (novel)	author	Raymond E. Feist
"E" Is for Evidence	author	Sue Grafton
"F" Is for Fugitive	author	Sue Grafton
"I" Is for Innocent	author	Sue Grafton
"J" Is for Judgment	author	Sue Grafton
"K" Is for Killer	author	Sue Grafton
"L" Is for Lawless	author	Sue Grafton
"M" Is for Malice	author	Sue Grafton
"N" Is for Noose	author	Sue Grafton
"O" Is for Outlaw	author	Sue Grafton
"P" Is for Peril	author	Sue Grafton
"Q" Is for Quarry	author	Sue Grafton
"R" Is for Ricochet	author	Sue Grafton
The Long Haul (autobiography)	author	Myles Horton
Twilight at the Well of Souls	author	Jack L. Chalker
"S" Is for Silence	author	Sue Grafton
"T" Is for Trespass	author	Sue Grafton
The Naughtiest Girl in the School	author	Enid Blyton
Blue Light (novel)	author	Walter Mosley
Whispers from the Cotton Tree Root	author	Nalo Hopkinson
Along the Roaring River	author	Robert Lipsyte
Adrenaline (novel)	author	James Robert Baker
What the Dead Know	author	Laura Lippman
Boy Meets Girl (TV series)	author	David Allison
Dare to be Scared	author	Robert D. San Souci
Mother Love (TV series)	author	Andrew Davies (writer)
Annals of the Former World	author	John McPhee
To kafe tis Charas	author	Haris Romas
Spacehounds of IPC	author	E. E. Smith
Pulitzer Prize Playhouse	author	Maxwell Anderson
Pulitzer Prize Playhouse	author	Sidney Howard
Pulitzer Prize Playhouse	author	George S. Kaufman
Consenting Adults (BBC)	author	Julian Mitchell
Don't Call Me Ishmael	author	Michael Gerard Bauer
La Carreta	author	René Marqués
The Living Blood	author	Tananarive Due
The Forbidden Garden (novel)	author	Eric Temple Bell
Wild Seed (Octavia Butler novel)	author	Octavia E. Butler
Oliver VII	author	Antal Szerb
The Bedford Handbook	author	Diana Hacker
Of Worlds Beyond	author	Lloyd Arthur Eshbach
The Book of Ptath	author	A. E. van Vogt
Triplanetary (novel)	author	E. E. Smith
Holiday (novel)	author	Stanley Middleton
The Elected Member	author	Bernice Rubens
Saville (novel)	author	David Storey
Sinister Barrier	author	Eric Frank Russell
The Great Depression: America, 1929–1941	author	Robert S. McElvaine
Dexter by Design	author	Jeff Lindsay (writer)
Embracing Defeat	author	John W. Dower
The Meadows of Gold	author	Al-Masudi
Seventh Heaven (book)	author	Patti Smith
Skylark of Valeron	author	E. E. Smith
The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency (TV series)	author	Richard Curtis
The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency (TV series)	author	Nicholas Wright (playwright)
The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency (TV series)	author	Robert Jones (screenwriter)
The Between	author	Tananarive Due
A Martian Odyssey and Others	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
The Good House	author	Tananarive Due
Seven Out of Time	author	Arthur Leo Zagat
Bloodchild and Other Stories	author	Octavia E. Butler
The Incredible Planet	author	John W. Campbell
White Is for Magic	author	Laurie Faria Stolarz
D.I.E.	author	Wong Kwok Fai
Silver Is for Secrets	author	Laurie Faria Stolarz
Purple Hibiscus	author	Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
30 Days of Night: Immortal Remains	author	Steve Niles
30 Days of Night: Immortal Remains	author	Jeff Mariotte
30 Days of Night: Rumors of the Undead	author	Steve Niles
30 Days of Night: Rumors of the Undead	author	Jeff Mariotte
30 Days of Night (novelization)	author	Tim Lebbon
Figgie Hobbin	author	Charles Causley
The Wombles (TV series)	author	Elisabeth Beresford
The Wombles (TV series)  The Wombles   1	author	John Ellis
The Wombles (TV series)  The Wombles   1	author	Joseph Mallozzi
The Wombles (TV series)  The Wombles   1	author	Peter Hynes
The Wombles (TV series)  The Wombles   1	author	Stan Cullimore
The Wombles (TV series)  The Wombles   1	author	Alastair Swinnerton
Babel (book)	author	Patti Smith
Charon: A Dragon at the Gate	author	Jack L. Chalker
Kingdom Come (Ballard novel)	author	J. G. Ballard
A Useless Death	author	Patti Smith
John Halifax, Gentleman	author	Dinah Craik
Lush Life (novel)	author	Richard Price (writer)
When You Are Engulfed in Flames	author	David Sedaris
Scenes of Clerical Life	author	George Eliot
Kodak (book)	author	Patti Smith
Early Morning Dream	author	Patti Smith
The Ravenous (novel)	author	T. M. Gray
Witt (book)	author	Patti Smith
Ghosts of Eden	author	T. M. Gray
Worth the Fighting For	author	John McCain
Ha! Ha! Houdini!	author	Patti Smith
Apex Hides the Hurt	author	Colson Whitehead
D'ække bare, bare Bernt	author	Walter Napleton Stone
D'ække bare, bare Bernt	author	Arne Lindtner Næss
D'ække bare, bare Bernt	author	Marvin Marx
D'ække bare, bare Bernt	author	Herb Finn
First Lensman	author	E. E. Smith
Escape from Earth	author	Jack Dann
Masters of Time	author	A. E. van Vogt
The Bridge of Light	author	Alpheus Hyatt Verrill
The Cometeers	author	Jack Williamson
Traveling Scholarships	author	Jules Verne
The Purchase of the North Pole	author	Jules Verne
Galactic Patrol (novel)	author	E. E. Smith
Subspace Explorers	author	E. E. Smith
Waking the Moon	author	Elizabeth Hand
The Moon Is Hell!	author	John W. Campbell
Weird Tales 1	author	Lin Carter
Weird Tales 2	author	Lin Carter
Weird Tales 3	author	Lin Carter
Weird Tales 4	author	Lin Carter
Dreadful Sanctuary	author	Eric Frank Russell
The Lottery Ticket	author	Jules Verne
Beyond Infinity	author	Robert Spencer Carr
Seeds of Life	author	Eric Temple Bell
The Interpersonal World of the Infant	author	Daniel Stern (psychologist)
Fat Chance (Margaret Clark novel)	author	Margaret Clark
The Crystal Horde	author	Eric Temple Bell
The Red Peri (collection)	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
The Berkut	author	Joseph Heywood
Woolgathering	author	Patti Smith
The Legion of Time	author	Jack Williamson
Little Brother (Cory Doctorow novel)	author	Cory Doctorow
Early Work	author	Patti Smith
The Coral Sea (book)	author	Patti Smith
Auguries of Innocence (poems)	author	Patti Smith
Deluge (novel)	author	S. Fowler Wright
Yahoo! Buzz	author	Yahoo!
The Titan (collection)	author	P. Schuyler Miller
Energy Victory	author	Robert Zubrin
Patti Smith Complete	author	Patti Smith
Strange Messenger	author	Patti Smith
Second Stage Lensmen	author	E. E. Smith
A Woman's Liberation	author	Connie Willis
A Woman's Liberation	author	Sheila Williams
Hundred-Dollar Baby	author	Robert B. Parker
My Country My Life	author	L. K. Advani
A New Earth	author	Eckhart Tolle
King Leary	author	Paul Quarrington
The Black Star Passes	author	John W. Campbell
A Matter of Profit	author	Hilari Bell
Man of Many Minds	author	E. Everett Evans
The Normal Christian Life	author	Watchman Nee
Deep Space (collection)	author	Eric Frank Russell
MCLUST	author	Chris Fraley
MCLUST	author	Adrian Raftery
Tripmaster Monkey	author	Maxine Hong Kingston
Three Thousand Years	author	Thomas Calvert McClary
Children of the Lens (novel)	author	E. E. Smith
Operation: Outer Space	author	Murray Leinster
I kveld med Thomas Giertsen	author	Anne Bjørnstad
I kveld med Thomas Giertsen	author	Henrik Elvestad
I kveld med Thomas Giertsen	author	Eilif Skodvin
I kveld med Thomas Giertsen	author	Alice Sommer
G.O.G. 666	author	Eric Temple Bell
Insoumise et dévoilée	author	Karima
The Macdermots of Ballycloran	author	Anthony Trollope
The Tyrant of Time	author	Lloyd Arthur Eshbach
Under the Triple Suns	author	Stanton A. Coblentz
Alien Minds	author	E. Everett Evans
Nissene på låven	author	Espen Eckbo
Nissene på låven	author	Kristian Ødegård
Nissene på låven	author	Nikis Theophilakis
Hombres	author	Henrik Jansson
Hombres	author	Jan Zachrisson
Hombres	author	Thomas Borgstrøm
Hombres	author	Karin Gidfors
Hombres	author	Morgan Jensen
Islands of Space	author	John W. Campbell
The King's Buccaneer	author	Raymond E. Feist
The History of Civilization	author	E. E. Smith
Rainbow Boys	author	Alex Sánchez (author)
Rainbow High	author	Alex Sánchez (author)
Rainbow Road (novel)	author	Alex Sánchez (author)
Song of the Sparrow	author	Lisa Ann Sandell
Lost (TV series)	author	Damon Lindelof
Lost (TV series)	author	Carlton Cuse
Lost (TV series)	author	Edward Kitsis
Lost (TV series)	author	Adam Horowitz (screenwriter)
Lost (TV series)	author	Elizabeth Sarnoff
Dragons of a Fallen Sun	author	Margaret Weis
Dragons of a Fallen Sun	author	Tracy Hickman
Dragons of a Lost Star	author	Margaret Weis
Dragons of a Lost Star	author	Tracy Hickman
Dragons of a Vanished Moon	author	Margaret Weis
Dragons of a Vanished Moon	author	Tracy Hickman
Ticket to Ride (book)	author	Larry Kane
The Medici Seal	author	Theresa Breslin
Shaun Micallef's World Around Him	author	Shaun Micallef
Shaun Micallef's World Around Him	author	Gary McCaffrie
The Heads of Cerberus	author	Gertrude Barrows Bennett
The Abyss of Wonders	author	Perley Poore Sheehan
On the Edge of the Dark Sea of Darkness	author	Andrew Peterson
FriendFeed	author	Bret Taylor
FriendFeed	author	Paul Buchheit
Airhead (novel)	author	Meg Cabot
Godfrey Morgan	author	Jules Verne
Hero in the Shadows	author	David Gemmell
Whoop-Up	author	Cy Feuer
Whoop-Up	author	Ernest Martin
The Conquering Hero	author	Larry Gelbart
Outside Edge	author	Richard Harris (television writer)
Birds, Beasts, and Relatives	author	Gerald Durrell
An Asian Minor	author	Felice Picano
The Rise and Fall of Little Voice	author	Jim Cartwright
When We Are Married	author	J. B. Priestley
Joseph and His Friend: A Story of Pennsylvania	author	Bayard Taylor
Conversation in the Cathedral	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
I'll Sleep When I'm Dead: The Dirty Life and Times of Warren Zevon	author	Crystal Zevon
A Thousand Country Roads	author	Robert James Waller
A Little Piece of Ground	author	Elizabeth Laird
Anime from Akira to Princess Mononoke: Experiencing Contemporary Japanese Animation	author	Susan J. Napier
Running Before the Wind	author	Linda Woolverton
Star Wind	author	Linda Woolverton
Make Your Own Damn Movie!	author	Lloyd Kaufman
Make Your Own Damn Movie!	author	Adam Jahnke
Make Your Own Damn Movie!	author	Trent Haaga
The Hoober-Bloob Highway	author	Dr. Seuss
Surviving Antarctica: Reality TV 2083	author	Andrea White
Conan the Defender	author	Robert Jordan
Skulduggery Pleasant: Playing with Fire	author	Derek Landy
Happy Now?	author	Lucinda Coxon
Apocalypse (novel)	author	Tim Bowler
Sweet William (story collection)	author	Richmal Crompton
Tribal Leadership	author	David Logan
Tribal Leadership	author	John King
Saturday Night at the Palace	author	Paul Slabolepszy
Saturday Night at the Palace	author	Bill Flynn
Firestar's Quest	author	Erin Hunter
Still Walking	author	Yaky Yosha
Heliopolis (novel)	author	Ernst Jünger
The Return of Elvis Du Pisanie	author	Paul Slabolepszy
Acorn Antiques: The Musical!	author	Victoria Wood
Reservation Blues	author	Sherman Alexie
The Black Death (novel)	author	Basil Copper
Næturvaktin	author	Jóhann Ævar Grímsson
Næturvaktin	author	Jón Gnarr
Næturvaktin	author	Jörundur Ragnarsson
Næturvaktin	author	Pétur Jóhann Sigfússon
Næturvaktin	author	Ragnar Bragason
The Good Husband of Zebra Drive	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Magical Melons	author	Carol Ryrie Brink
The House of the Toad	author	Richard L. Tierney
The Miracle at Speedy Motors	author	Alexander McCall Smith
Godspy	author	Angelo Matera
Inspector French and the Starvel Tragedy	author	Freeman Wills Crofts
The Exploits of Solar Pons	author	Basil Copper
The Early Fears	author	Robert Bloch
The Songs of a Sentimental Bloke	author	C. J. Dennis
Shadow Forest	author	Matt Haig
Ottoline and the Yellow Cat	author	Chris Riddell
When a Monster is Born	author	Sean Taylor (author)
Catcall (novel)	author	Linda Newbery
Ivan the Terrible (novel)	author	Anne Fine
Penguin (book)	author	Polly Dunbar
Little Mouse's Big Book of Fears	author	Emily Gravett
Dexter Bexley and the Big Blue Beastie	author	Joel Stewart
The Waterworks	author	E. L. Doctorow
Smoke of the Snake	author	Carl Richard Jacobi
Going Loco	author	Lynne Truss
Shadows Over Innsmouth	author	Stephen Jones (author)
Shanghai Baby	author	Zhou Weihui
Stoneheart	author	Charlie Fletcher
Change of Heart (novel)	author	Jodi Picoult
The Accidental	author	Ali Smith
A Dog's Tale	author	Mark Twain
Death Stalks the Night	author	Hugh B. Cave
Daughter of the Forest	author	Juliet Marillier
The Animal Family	author	Randall Jarrell
Saving Faith	author	David Baldacci
The Kampung Boy	author	Lat
Marigolds in August	author	Athol Fugard
Six Degrees: Our Future on a Hotter Planet	author	Mark Lynas
Son of the Shadows	author	Juliet Marillier
The Adventure of the Singular Sandwich	author	Basil Copper
Child of the Prophecy	author	Juliet Marillier
The Recollections of Solar Pons	author	Basil Copper
Special 1 TV	author	Mario Rosenstock
Loitering with Intent	author	Muriel Spark
A Philip Roth Reader	author	Philip Roth
The Economy of God	author	Witness Lee
Citizen Power: A Mandate for Change	author	Mike Gravel
Prador Moon	author	Neal Asher
The World's Number One, Flat-Out, All-Time Great Stock Car Racing Book	author	Jerry Bledsoe
Marrying Buddha	author	Zhou Weihui
Three Tales (Wandrei)	author	Howard Wandrei
Getting Bi: Voices of Bisexuals Around the World	author	Robyn Ochs
Time Burial	author	Howard Wandrei
Berlin: The Downfall 1945	author	Antony Beevor
Finding the Fox	author	Ali Sparkes
Initiation Into Hermetics	author	Franz Bardon
Before…12:01…and After	author	Richard A. Lupoff
Fish: A Memoir of a Boy in a Man's Prison	author	T. J. Parsell
The Last Pin	author	Howard Wandrei
Flight of the Nighthawks	author	Raymond E. Feist
Wrath of a Mad God	author	Raymond E. Feist
Elder Evils	author	Robert J. Schwalb
Lily (1973 special)	author	Stan Daniels
Lily (1973 special)	author	Rosalyn Drexler
Lily (1973 special)	author	Ann Elder
Lily (1973 special)	author	Robert Illes
Lily (1973 special)	author	Lorne Michaels
Lily (1973 special)	author	Karyl Geld Miller
Lily (1973 special)	author	Richard Pryor
Lily (1973 special)	author	Jim Rusk
Lily (1973 special)	author	Herb Sargent
Lily (1973 special)	author	James R. Stein
Lily (1973 special)	author	Lily Tomlin
Lily (1973 special)	author	Jane Wagner
Lily (1973 special)	author	Rod Warren
Lily (1973 special)	author	George Yanok
Kali's Child	author	Jeffrey J. Kripal
Angus, Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging	author	Louise Rennison
Lost in Austen	author	Guy Andrews
Saith the Lord	author	Howard Wandrei
Don't Dream	author	Donald Wandrei
The Saturdays (novel)	author	Elizabeth Enright
The Door Below	author	Hugh B. Cave
The Vampire Stories of R. Chetwynd-Hayes	author	Ronald Chetwynd-Hayes
The Enchantress of Florence	author	Salman Rushdie
Exorcisms and Ecstasies	author	Karl Edward Wagner
Sputnik Caledonia	author	Andrew Crumey
The Best Man (play)	author	Gore Vidal
Never So Good	author	Howard Brenton
Sri Sri Ramakrishna Kathamrita	author	Mahendranath Gupta
The Sand Dwellers	author	Adam Niswander
A Coven of Vampires	author	Brian Lumley
A Prisoner of Birth	author	Jeffrey Archer
Cocker's Arithmetick	author	Edward Cocker
Whispers in the Night	author	Basil Copper
Dread Mountain	author	Jennifer Rowe
A Contract with the Earth	author	Newt Gingrich
Letters of Jonathan Oldstyle	author	Washington Irving
Beautiful Stories from Shakespeare	author	E. Nesbit
Grand Theft Jesus	author	Robert S. McElvaine
Ring Round the Moon	author	Christopher Fry
The Castaways of the Flag	author	Jules Verne
Armageddon in Retrospect	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Bluejacket's Manual	author	Thomas J. Cutler
Dark Detectives	author	Stephen Jones (author)
America's Health Care Crisis Solved	author	J. Patrick Rooney
America's Health Care Crisis Solved	author	Daniel B. Perrin
Kingsblood Royal	author	Sinclair Lewis
Merlin Effect	author	T. A. Barron
Bottled in Blonde	author	Hugh B. Cave
Revenge of the Living Dummy	author	R. L. Stine
Klingsor's Last Summer	author	Hermann Hesse
Frost (collection)	author	Donald Wandrei
The Logic of Life	author	Tim Harford
Songbook (musical)	author	Monty Norman
Songbook (musical)	author	Julianne Moore
Fram (play)	author	Tony Harrison
The Nonexistent Knight	author	Italo Calvino
Death of a Gossip	author	Marion Chesney
Three Mysteries	author	Donald Wandrei
Acolytes of Cthulhu	author	Robert M. Price
The Eerie Mr. Murphy	author	Howard Wandrei
The Oxford Companion to Wine	author	Jancis Robinson
Mister Eleven	author	Amanda Coe
Tom Swift and His Sky Racer	author	Victor Appleton
The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence	author	Victor Marchetti
The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence	author	John D. Marks
Tom Swift and His Electric Rifle	author	Victor Appleton
Weird Shadows Over Innsmouth	author	Stephen Jones (author)
Ally (novel)	author	Karen Traviss
Judge (novel)	author	Karen Traviss
Tom Swift in the City of Gold	author	Victor Appleton
The Deadly Streets	author	Harlan Ellison
Obedience to Authority: An Experimental View	author	Stanley Milgram
Tom Swift and His Air Glider	author	Victor Appleton
A Foreign Policy of Freedom: Peace, Commerce, and Honest Friendship	author	Ron Paul
Get Out of My Sky	author	James Blish
The Getting of Wisdom	author	Henry Handel Richardson
To the Islands	author	Randolph Stow
The Big Fellow (novel)	author	Vance and Nettie Palmer
The Irishman	author	Elizabeth O'Conner
The Well Dressed Explorer	author	Thea Astley
What Is Intelligence?	author	James R. Flynn
The Secret Dreamworld of a Shopaholic	author	Madeleine Wickham
Tom Swift in Captivity	author	Victor Appleton
Procession of the Dead (novel)	author	Darren Shan
The Melting of Maggie Bean	author	Tricia Rayburn
My Own Worst Enemy (TV series)	author	Jason Smilovic
The Cupboard Under the Stairs	author	George Turner (writer)
Careful, He Might Hear You (novel)	author	Sumner Locke Elliott
Tom Swift and His Wizard Camera	author	Victor Appleton
Snapfish Lab	author	HP Labs
The Slow Natives	author	Thea Astley
Hopi Dictionary: Hopìikwa Lavàytutuveni	author	Hopi Dictionary Project
Hudong	author	Pan Haidong
Owls to Athens	author	Harry Turtledove
Extraterrestrial Civilizations (book)	author	Isaac Asimov
Another Part of the Forest	author	Lillian Hellman
Worse Things Waiting	author	Manly Wade Wellman
Frostbite (Richelle Mead novel)	author	Richelle Mead
Tim the Tiny Horse	author	Harry Hill
Run for Your Wife (play)	author	Ray Cooney
Saturday Night Live Weekend Update Thursday	author	Seth Meyers
Switchers (novel)	author	Kate Thompson (author)
Banaag at Sikat	author	Lope K. Santos
Far Lands, Other Days	author	E. Hoffmann Price
TIM Defender of the Earth	author	Sam Enthoven
Murgunstrumm and Others	author	Hugh B. Cave
Trap (novel)	author	Peter Mathers
Halo Effect (book)	author	Glenn Yeffeth
List of Heart of Greed episodes	author	Lau Kar Ho
Bring Larks and Heroes	author	Thomas Keneally
The Girls of Slender Means	author	Muriel Spark
Buckskin Brigades	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Rough Justice (novel)	author	Jack Higgins
Glamour Girl (novel)	author	Kerry Katona
The Janissary Tree	author	Jason Goodwin
Blart III: The Boy Who Set Sail on a Questionable Quest	author	Dominic Barker
Lonely Vigils	author	Manly Wade Wellman
Last Bus to Woodstock	author	Colin Dexter
Revelation (Sansom novel)	author	C. J. Sansom
Three Cheers for the Paraclete	author	Thomas Keneally
The Waltz Invention	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Tom Swift and His Great Searchlight	author	Victor Appleton
Skinny (novel)	author	Ibi Kaslik
The Quantity Theory of Insanity	author	Will Self
Bata, Bata… Pa'no Ka Ginawa?	author	Lualhati Bautista
Celia en el mundo	author	Elena Fortún
Tom Swift and His Giant Cannon	author	Victor Appleton
Tom Swift and His Photo Telephone	author	Victor Appleton
Shame the Devil	author	George Pelecanos
Boy Wonder (novel)	author	James Robert Baker
Kevchino	author	Kevin Serra
Grey Area (book)	author	Will Self
Ordinary Heroes (novel)	author	Scott Turow
The Burden of Proof	author	Scott Turow
3 Musketiers	author	André Breedland
Chaplin (musical)	author	Ernest Kinoy
Clean Straw for Nothing	author	George Johnston
War and Decision	author	Douglas J. Feith
Slam (novel)	author	Nick Hornby
The Sweet Smell of Psychosis	author	Will Self
One L	author	Scott Turow
Pleading Guilty	author	Scott Turow
The Laws of Our Fathers	author	Scott Turow
Reversible Errors	author	Scott Turow
Personal Injuries	author	Scott Turow
Limitations	author	Scott Turow
Ultimate Punishment	author	Scott Turow
A Posse of Princesses	author	Sherwood Smith
Tales of a Traveller	author	Washington Irving
Ermita (novel)	author	F. Sionil José
Here Comes Everybody	author	Clay Shirky
Crisis in the Built Environment: The Case of the Muslim City	author	Jamel Akbar
The Last Lecture	author	Randy Pausch
Last of the Duanes (novel)	author	Zane Grey
Super Crunchers	author	Ian Ayres
No Second Chance (novel)	author	Harlan Coben
Butch Patterson: Private Dick	author	Greg Lawrence
Design Faults in the Volvo 760 Turbo	author	Will Self
The Harpole Report	author	J. L. Carr
The Republic of Wine	author	Mo Yan
Hello Sailor (novel)	author	Eric Idle
Parenting, Inc.	author	Pamela Paul
Grapple (network layer)	author	Michael Simms (software developer)
Grapple (network layer)	author	Linux Game Publishing
Blueprint for Survival	author	Edward Goldsmith
Blueprint for Survival	author	Robert Prescott-Allen
Mulata de tal	author	Miguel Ángel Asturias
Rhode Island on Lovecraft	author	Donald M. Grant
The Time Stream	author	Eric Temple Bell
The Cocoanuts (musical)	author	George S. Kaufman
The Cocoanuts (musical)	author	Morrie Ryskind
The Joey Bishop Show (sitcom)	author	Garry Marshall
Tell No One (novel)	author	Harlan Coben
L'isola di Arturo	author	Elsa Morante
The Mightiest Machine	author	John W. Campbell
Final Blackout	author	L. Ron Hubbard
De Situ Britanniae	author	Charles Bertram
The Loch	author	Steve Alten
Smuggler's Moon	author	Bruce Alexander Cook
The Journal & The 114th, 1861 to 1865	author	John L. Satterlee
When Nothing Else Matters	author	Michael Leahy
My Brother, My Executioner	author	F. Sionil José
The World Is Full of Married Men	author	Jackie Collins
A Peculiar People	author	Rodney Clapp
Murder House	author	Franklin W. Dixon
List of 1980s Strawberry Shortcake specials	author	Romeo Muller
Greasy Lake & Other Stories	author	T. Coraghessan Boyle
Tales of Zorro	author	Richard Dean Starr
A Growling Place	author	Thomas Aquinas Maguire
The Gospel of Sri Ramakrishna	author	Mahendranath Gupta
Julian: A Christmas Story	author	Robert Charles Wilson
Which Moped with Chrome-plated Handlebars at the Back of the Yard?	author	Georges Perec
The Great Man (novel)	author	Kate Christensen
Midnight's Choice (novel)	author	Kate Thompson (author)
The Mislaid Charm	author	Alexander M. Phillips
Identical (novel)	author	Ellen Hopkins
Venus Equilateral (collection)	author	George O. Smith
Inequality by Design: Cracking the Bell Curve Myth	author	Claude S. Fischer
Strange Life of Ivan Osokin	author	P. D. Ouspensky
Gilgamesh (novel)	author	Joan London
The Good Parents	author	Joan London
Stiff (novel)	author	Shane Maloney
Coq Rouge (novel)	author	Jan Guillou
The Democratic Terrorist	author	Jan Guillou
Wild Blood (novel)	author	Kate Thompson (author)
Beaches (novel)	author	Iris Rainer Dart
The Age of Revolution: Europe 1789–1848	author	Eric Hobsbawm
Outcast (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
The Ethical Assassin	author	David Liss
Joe Pitt Casebooks	author	Charlie Huston
Never Forget (musical)	author	Edward S. Curtis
Alliance Brand	author	Mark Darby
Faces in the Moon	author	Betty Louise Bell
The Babysitter (novel)	author	R. L. Stine
The Unexpected Guest (novel)	author	Agatha Christie
Daniel's Story	author	Carol Matas
Spider's Web (novel)	author	Agatha Christie
Hard Lessons	author	Michael Leahy
The Battle of Pollocks Crossing	author	J. L. Carr
A Day in Summer	author	J. L. Carr
Cognos Reportnet	author	Cognos
Cognos Reportnet	author	IBM
Which Witch?	author	Eva Ibbotson
The Spare Room	author	Helen Garner
Women En Large: Images of Fat Nudes	author	Laurie Toby Edison
Three Hundred Years Hence	author	Mary Griffith
After Babel	author	George Steiner
The Finishing School	author	Muriel Spark
...And Some Were Human	author	Lester del Rey
Remember Me (novel)	author	Mary Higgins Clark
Salmagundi (periodical)	author	Washington Irving
Salmagundi (periodical)	author	James Kirke Paulding
The Suffrage of Elvira	author	V. S. Naipaul
WeRead	author	Krishna Motukuri
WeRead	author	Chief executive officer
Innocence Lost	author	Karen Miller
Catch Me Now	author	Lau Choi Wan
Catch Me Now	author	Law Chung Yiu
Without Sorcery	author	Theodore Sturgeon
The Adams Chronicles	author	Sam Hall (writer)
The Adams Chronicles	author	Tad Mosel
Indian Killer	author	Sherman Alexie
On (novel)	author	Adam Roberts (British writer)
A Season in Sinji	author	J. L. Carr
The Torch (novel)	author	Jack Bechdolt
War on Iraq: What Team Bush Doesn't Want You to Know	author	William Rivers Pitt
The Oblivion Society	author	Marcus Alexander Hart
The Innocent Mage	author	Karen Miller
Empress of Mijak	author	Karen Miller
The Homunculus (Keller novel)	author	David H. Keller
Lords of Creation	author	Eando Binder
Exiles of Time	author	Nelson S. Bond
Rockstar Games Social Club	author	Rockstar Games
Grand Theft Childhood	author	Lawrence Kutner (psychologist)
Grand Theft Childhood	author	Cheryl K. Olson
The Riven Kingdom	author	Karen Miller
The Fairy-tale Detectives	author	Michael Buckley (author)
Po-on (novel)	author	F. Sionil José
Mauprat	author	George Sand
The Eternal Conflict	author	David H. Keller
The Angel's Game	author	Carlos Ruiz Zafón
Nomad (novel)	author	George O. Smith
The Lady Decides	author	David H. Keller
The Unusual Suspects (novel)	author	Michael Buckley (author)
The Problem Child	author	Michael Buckley (author)
The Blind Spot	author	Austin Hall (writer)
The Blind Spot	author	Homer Eon Flint
American Beauty (novel)	author	Zoey Dean
Wallander (British TV series)	author	Henning Mankell
Where Are You Now? (novel)	author	Mary Higgins Clark
Livemocha	author	Shirish Nadkarni
Livemocha	author	Michael Schutzler
Signs of Life (novel)	author	M. John Harrison
I'm a Born Liar: A Fellini Lexicon	author	Federico Fellini
I'm a Born Liar: A Fellini Lexicon	author	Damian Pettigrew
Tombstone's Main Event: A Tragedy at the O.K. Corral	author	Stephen Keith
Out of Gas: The End of the Age of Oil	author	David Goodstein
What Hetty Did	author	J. L. Carr
Mass Effect: Ascension	author	Drew Karpyshyn
Harpole & Foxberrow General Publishers	author	J. L. Carr
How Steeple Sinderby Wanderers Won the F.A. Cup	author	J. L. Carr
That Face	author	Polly Stenham
The Red Queen: Sex and the Evolution of Human Nature	author	Matt Ridley
Prayers for Rain	author	Dennis Lehane
Giant Bomb	author	Jeff Gerstmann
The Squaw Man (play)	author	Edwin Milton Royle
Leviathan (Auster novel)	author	Paul Auster
Days of Infamy series	author	Harry Turtledove
Days of Infamy series  End of the Beginning   1	author	Harry Turtledove
Pushing the Bear	author	Diane Glancy
A Horse of Air	author	Dal Stivens
The Nemesis of Faith	author	James Anthony Froude
An Experiment in Treason	author	Bruce Alexander Cook
The Assassini	author	Thomas Gifford
Rebuilding Coventry	author	Sue Townsend
Belladonna (novel)	author	Anne Bishop
On Gold Mountain	author	Lisa See
The Checklist of Fantastic Literature	author	E. F. Bleiler
Who Goes There? (collection)	author	John W. Campbell
Speed Racer: The Next Generation	author	Justin Gray
Speed Racer: The Next Generation	author	Jimmy Palmiotti
Slaves of Sleep	author	L. Ron Hubbard
The World Below	author	S. Fowler Wright
The Unknown Industrial Prisoner	author	David Ireland (author)
Sidewise in Time (collection)	author	Murray Leinster
ABC Online	author	Australian Broadcasting Corporation
Kinsmen of the Dragon	author	Stanley Mullen
Private Angelo	author	Eric Linklater
Miramar (novel)	author	Naguib Mahfouz
Heist (2008 comedy)	author	Peter Harness
Space on My Hands	author	Fredric Brown
Cloak of Aesir	author	John W. Campbell
Crooked Zebra	author	Bob Weltlich
StoryMill	author	Todd Ransom
Brethren (novel)	author	Robyn Young
Conversational Capital	author	Bertrand Cesvet
Conversational Capital	author	Tony Babinski
Conversational Capital	author	Eric Alper
Warrior's Return	author	Erin Hunter
Murder in Millennium VI	author	Curme Gray
Space Platform	author	Murray Leinster
Space Tug (novel)	author	Murray Leinster
Science Fiction Carnival	author	Fredric Brown
Science Fiction Carnival	author	Mack Reynolds
Time Out For Ginger	author	Time Out For Ginger
Fox Tales	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Roxy's Baby	author	Catherine MacPhail
Empire of the Atom	author	A. E. van Vogt
The Fall of Colossus	author	Dennis Feltham Jones
Flower Net	author	Lisa See
Goddess of Yesterday	author	Caroline B. Cooney
A Tale of Two Cities (musical)	author	Jill Santoriello
Where's Wally?: The Fantastic Journey	author	Martin Handford
Where's Wally Now?	author	Martin Handford
Black Notice	author	Patricia Cornwell
Earth Trek	author	Joni Ravenna
Song of the Saurials	author	Kate Novak
The General of the Dead Army	author	Ismail Kadare
Chronicle in Stone	author	Ismail Kadare
Dream Brother: The Lives and Music of Jeff and Tim Buckley	author	David Browne
My Bonny Light Horseman	author	L.A. Meyer
Celia (TV series)	author	Elena Fortún
Celia (TV series)	author	José Luis Borau
Celia (TV series)	author	Carmen Martín Gaite
Men of Avalon / The White Sybil	author	David H. Keller
Men of Avalon / The White Sybil	author	Clark Ashton Smith
Lock and Key	author	Sarah Dessen
Mars Mountain	author	Eugene George Key
The Creator (novelette)	author	Clifford D. Simak
The Efficient Society	author	Joseph Heath
Late Night with Jimmy Fallon	author	A. D. Miles
Argai: The Prophecy	author	Sébastien Dorsey
The Great American Baseball Card Flipping, Trading and Bubble Gum Book	author	Brendon C. Boyd & Fred C. Harris
Spunk Library	author	Infoshop.org
A Many-Splendoured Thing	author	Han Suyin
The Comedy of Errors (1976 musical)	author	Trevor Nunn
Behind the Evidence	author	Amelia Reynolds Long
Behind the Evidence	author	William L. Crawford
The Garden of Fear and Other Stories	author	William L. Crawford
Phoronix Test Suite	author	Phoronix
Phoronix Test Suite  Phodevi   1	author	Phoronix
Line War	author	Neal Asher
Initiate's Trial	author	Janny Wurts
Destiny's Conflict	author	Janny Wurts
The Silent World (book)	author	Jacques Cousteau
Centurion (novel)	author	Simon Scarrow
The Interior (novel)	author	Lisa See
The Last Days of Judas Iscariot	author	Stephen Adly Guirgis
Daddy (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
A Single Man (novel)	author	Christopher Isherwood
The Eastern Origins of Western Civilisation	author	John M. Hobson
The Night People (novel)	author	George Henry Weiss
Out of the Unknown (collection)	author	A. E. van Vogt
Out of the Unknown (collection)	author	Edna Mayne Hull
Against All Things Ending	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
Conan the Formidable	author	Steve Perry (author)
Brasyl	author	Ian McDonald (British author)
Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married	author	Marian Keyes
Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married    1	author	Colin Brake
Encyclopedia of Korean Culture	author	Academy of Korean Studies
Wicked Lovely	author	Melissa Marr (author)
Keeping the Moon	author	Sarah Dessen
A Fraction of the Whole	author	Steve Toltz
The Sunken World	author	Stanton A. Coblentz
Death's Deputy	author	L. Ron Hubbard
The Radio Man	author	Roger Sherman Hoar
Details of a Sunset and Other Stories	author	Vladimir Nabokov
The Otterbury Incident	author	Cecil Day-Lewis
The Works of M. P. Shiel	author	A. Reynolds Morse & Eleanor R. Morse
Dragon Bones (See novel)	author	Lisa See
The Cosmic Geoids and One Other	author	Eric Temple Bell
The Kingslayer	author	L. Ron Hubbard
The Handler (TV series)	author	Alan Di Fiore
The Handler (TV series)	author	Jim Kouf
War of the Rats	author	David L. Robbins (Virginia writer)
Planets of Adventure	author	Basil Wells
An Expert in Murder	author	Nicola Upson
Wild Meat and the Bully Burgers	author	Lois-Ann Yamanaka
Murder Madness	author	Murray Leinster
Decline of the English Murder	author	George Orwell
The Radium Pool	author	Ed Earl Repp
Cameo Theatre	author	Shirley Jackson
Loss and Gain	author	John Henry Newman
The Return of Chorb	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Triton (collection)	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Worlds of Wonder (collection)	author	Olaf Stapledon
The Stellar Missiles	author	Ed Earl Repp
Imperial Bedrooms	author	Bret Easton Ellis
Wolf Island (novel)	author	Darren Shan
Kings of All Times	author	Kerb Yl
GNOME Do	author	David Siegel (programmer)
Grumpy Old Women Live	author	Judith Holder
Grumpy Old Women Live	author	Jenny Eclair
Gilda Joyce: Psychic Investigator	author	Jennifer Allison
Encyclopedia of Serbian Historiography	author	Rade Mihaljčić
A Month in the Country (play)	author	Ivan Turgenev
Azincourt (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Rat Race (novel)	author	John Franklin Carter
After 12,000 Years	author	Stanton A. Coblentz
Leven Thumps and the Wrath of Ezra	author	Obert Skye
London Assurance	author	Dion Boucicault
The Omnibus of Time	author	Roger Sherman Hoar
The Gas Heart	author	Tristan Tzara
The Betty Hutton Show	author	Laurence Marks (American writer)
The Betty Hutton Show	author	Terry Ryan (screenwriter)
Tom Swift and His Aerial Warship	author	Victor Appleton
The Mountain Meadows Massacre (book)	author	Juanita Brooks
Life with Elizabeth	author	George Tibbles
Blood of the Prophets	author	Will Bagley
Norge.no	author	Ministry of Government Administration, Reform and Church Affairs (Norway)
The Dark Other	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
The Hidden Universe	author	Roger Sherman Hoar
The Toymaker	author	Raymond F. Jones
Doorways to Space	author	Basil Wells
On Food and Cooking	author	Harold McGee
The Iron Star	author	Eric Temple Bell
The Silver Cloud Café	author	Alfredo Véa, Jr.
The Atom Clock	author	Cornel Lengyel
Bingo (play)	author	Edward Bond
The Inbetweeners	author	Damon Beesley
The Inbetweeners	author	Iain Morris
Ecology: From Individuals to Ecosystems	author	Michael Begon
Ecology: From Individuals to Ecosystems	author	Colin R. Townsend
Ecology: From Individuals to Ecosystems	author	John L. Harper
Run Before the Wind	author	Stuart Woods
Drome (novel)	author	John Martin Leahy
Deep Lie	author	Stuart Woods
Grass Roots (novel)	author	Stuart Woods
Chiefs (novel)	author	Stuart Woods
Green Fire (novel)	author	Eric Temple Bell
Steampunk (anthology)	author	Ann VanderMeer
The Beautiful Room Is Empty	author	Edmund White
Deliver Us from Evil: Defeating Terrorism, Despotism, and Liberalism	author	Sean Hannity
The Planet of Youth	author	Stanton A. Coblentz
Max Brand: The Man and His Work	author	Darrell C. Richardson
Khan!	author	Michael Fisher
Khan!	author	Laurence Heath
Science-Fantasy Quintette	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Science-Fantasy Quintette	author	Ed Earl Repp
From Death to the Stars	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Fantasy Twin	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Fantasy Twin	author	Stanley G. Weinbaum
Report of the Royal Commission on Genetic Modification	author	Royal Commission on Genetic Modification
Report of the Royal Commission on Genetic Modification	author	Thomas Eichelbaum
The Farewell Symphony	author	Edmund White
A.D.: New Orleans After the Deluge	author	Josh Neufeld
Quadratic (collection)	author	Olaf Stapledon
Quadratic (collection)	author	Murray Leinster
Strange Worlds (collection)	author	Roger Sherman Hoar
Blood Red, Snow White	author	Marcus Sedgwick
Flowers for Algernon	author	Daniel Keyes
The High King's Tomb	author	Kristen Britain
An Inconvenient Truth (book)	author	Al Gore
Fields of Fire (novel)	author	James Webb
The Dennis O'Keefe Show	author	John Fenton Murray
The Dennis O'Keefe Show	author	Bob Fisher (screenwriter)
The Dennis O'Keefe Show	author	Alan Lipscott
Atlas of the British Flora	author	Franklyn H. Perring
Atlas of the British Flora	author	S. Max Walters
The Run	author	Stuart Woods
Capital Crimes	author	Stuart Woods
Dirt (novel)	author	Stuart Woods
And the Rain My Drink	author	Han Suyin
Science and Sorcery	author	William L. Crawford
Stardrift and Other Fantastic Flotsam	author	Emil Petaja
Island of Exiles	author	I. J. Parker
The Island of the Colorblind	author	Oliver Sacks
Three Men on a Horse	author	George Abbott
Three Men on a Horse	author	John Cecil Holm
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan	author	Lisa See
Famous 5: On the Case	author	Tim Maile and Douglas Tuber
Atlantean Chronicles	author	Henry M. Eichner
Unwed Mother	author	Gloria D. Miklowitz
Garan the Eternal	author	Andre Norton
Dracula (1996 play)	author	Steven Dietz
Griffin Science-Fantasy Booklet Number One	author	William L. Crawford
People of the Comet	author	Austin Hall (writer)
Noite (novel)	author	Erico Verissimo
The Machine God Laughs	author	William L. Crawford
Dracula (1995 play)	author	Jane Thornton
Dracula (1995 play)	author	John Godber
The Moon Maiden	author	Garrett P. Serviss
In Abraham's Bosom	author	Paul Green (playwright)
Through the Flames	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
Through the Flames	author	Tim LaHaye
The Acolyte (novel)	author	Thea Astley
All Marketers Are Liars	author	Seth Godin
The Ash Garden	author	Dennis Bock
Against Civilization: Readings and Reflections	author	John Zerzan
Odd and the Frost Giants	author	Neil Gaiman
The Public Image	author	Muriel Spark
The Post-American World	author	Fareed Zakaria
Indignation (novel)	author	Philip Roth
Nice Work If You Can Get It (musical)	author	Joe DiPietro
The Blood Knight	author	Gregory Keyes
The Born Queen	author	Gregory Keyes
Telegarden	author	Ken Goldberg
Answer to History	author	Mohammad Reza Pahlavi
The Diamond of Darkhold	author	Jeanne DuPrau
It's Not Easy Being a Bunny	author	Marilyn Sadler
La Rabouilleuse	author	Honoré de Balzac
Too Loud a Solitude	author	Bohumil Hrabal
The Port of Peril	author	Otis Adelbert Kline
The Fiftieth Gate	author	Mark Raphael Baker
Dwellers in the Mirage	author	A. Merritt
A Tale Etched in Blood and Hard Black Pencil	author	Christopher Brookmyre
The Theory of Island Biogeography	author	Robert MacArthur
The Theory of Island Biogeography	author	E. O. Wilson
Peak (novel)	author	Roland Smith
Shredder 1.0	author	Mark Napier (artist)
The Mango Tree	author	Ronald McKie
Chances (novel)	author	Jackie Collins
Lucky (Collins novel)	author	Jackie Collins
333: A Bibliography of the Science-Fantasy Novel	author	Joseph H. Crawford, Jr.
333: A Bibliography of the Science-Fantasy Novel	author	Donald M. Grant
The Return of Tharn	author	Howard Browne
The Werewolf of Ponkert	author	H. Warner Munn
SWiK	author	SourceLabs
The Shack	author	William P. Young
A Golden Anniversary Bibliography of Edgar Rice Burroughs	author	Henry Hardy Heins
The Sorrows of an American	author	Siri Hustvedt
A Gent from Bear Creek	author	Robert E. Howard
The Pride of Bear Creek	author	Robert E. Howard
The Silver Chamber of Sorrows	author	Lau Choi Wan
The Silver Chamber of Sorrows	author	Law Chung Yiu
Popper and After	author	David Stove
The Janus Man	author	Raymond Harold Sawkins
Blasting and Bombardiering	author	Wyndham Lewis
The Goddess of Ganymede	author	Mike Resnick
Red Shadows (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
The Religion	author	Nicholas Conde
Nicolae High (Left Behind: The Kids)	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
Nicolae High (Left Behind: The Kids)	author	Tim LaHaye
Singers in the Shadows	author	Robert E. Howard
Dreamtime (musical)	author	David Niles (director)
Red Blades of Black Cathay	author	Robert E. Howard
Red Blades of Black Cathay	author	Tevis Clyde Smith
Tanar of Pellucidar	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Brokedown Palace (novel)	author	Steven Brust
Marguerite (musical)	author	Alain Boublil
Marguerite (musical)	author	Claude-Michel Schönberg
Marguerite (musical)	author	Jonathan Kent (director)
Vendetta: Lucky's Revenge	author	Jackie Collins
Lady Boss	author	Jackie Collins
Dangerous Kiss	author	Jackie Collins
Drop Dead Beautiful	author	Jackie Collins
Miniconomy	author	Wouter Leenards
Gentleman's Agreement (novel)	author	Laura Z. Hobson
The Gate House	author	Nelson DeMille
Virgil Finlay (book)	author	Donald M. Grant
Marchers of Valhalla	author	Robert E. Howard
Echoes from an Iron Harp	author	Robert E. Howard
The Sowers of the Thunder (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
Tom Swift and His Big Tunnel	author	Victor Appleton
Alfred Hitchcock and the Making of Psycho	author	Stephen Rebello
Mark of the Lion Series	author	Francine Rivers
The Lone Star Ranger	author	Zane Grey
The Hundred Secret Senses	author	Amy Tan
Remembrance of Things Past (play)	author	Marcel Proust
Remembrance of Things Past (play)	author	Harold Pinter
Remembrance of Things Past (play)	author	Di Trevis
Sasquatch (novel)	author	Roland Smith
Creep from the Deep	author	R. L. Stine
The Temple of the Ten	author	H. Bedford-Jones
Tigers of the Sea	author	Robert E. Howard
Worms of the Earth (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
Shoeless Joe & Me	author	Dan Gutman
Éramos Seis	author	Maria José Dupré
The Making of a Counter Culture	author	Theodore Roszak (scholar)
The Skriker	author	Caryl Churchill
Treasure Girl	author	Fred Thompson (writer)
Miriam (short story)	author	Truman Capote
The Marvelous Palace And Other Stories	author	Pierre Boulle
Almuric	author	Robert E. Howard
Oreo (novel)	author	Fran Ross
The Wyrmling Horde	author	Dave Wolverton
Virgil Finlay: An Astrology Sketchbook	author	Virgil Finlay
House of Many Ways	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Paul (play)	author	Howard Brenton
Out of the Storm	author	William Hope Hodgson
In Good King Charles's Golden Days	author	George Bernard Shaw
The Bowl of Baal	author	Robert Ames Bennet
The Banner of Joan	author	H. Warner Munn
The Writing on the Hearth	author	Cynthia Harnett
What's Your Poo Telling You?	author	Josh Richman(writer)
What's Your Poo Telling You?	author	Anish Sheth
The Iron Man & Other Tales of the Ring	author	Robert E. Howard
The Ancient (novel)	author	R. A. Salvatore
The Last Celt	author	Glenn Lord
Black Vulmea's Vengeance	author	Robert E. Howard
Upon the Winds of Yesterday and Other Explorations	author	George Barr (artist)
Things a Computer Scientist Rarely Talks About	author	Donald Knuth
Lords of the Bow	author	Conn Iggulden
The Chronicles of Lucius Leffing	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
Worldbinder	author	Dave Wolverton
Swine Not?	author	Jimmy Buffett
Let Freedom Ring: Winning the War of Liberty over Liberalism	author	Sean Hannity
Peony in Love	author	Lisa See
The Thama Stories	author	Kamala Laxman
Daz 4 Zoe	author	Robert Swindells
School Days (novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Adeline's Dream	author	Linda Aksomitis
The Morning Gift	author	Eva Ibbotson
Tal: His Marvelous Adventures with Noom-Zor-Noom	author	Paul Fenimore Cooper
Dickens' Women	author	Miriam Margolyes
Dickens' Women	author	Sonia Fraser
If You're Reading This, It's Too Late	author	Pseudonymous Bosch
Dating Hamlet	author	Lisa Fiedler
La Cage aux Folles (play)	author	Jean Poiret
The Dream of X	author	William Hope Hodgson
The Martian General's Daughter	author	Theodore Judson
Nuremberg: Nazis on Trial	author	Laura Lamson
Cowboys for Christ	author	Robin Hardy (film director)
Love That Dog	author	Sharon Creech
All Quiet on the Orient Express	author	Magnus Mills
Killing Hitler	author	Jeremy Lovering
Equality (novel)	author	Edward Bellamy
Black God's Shadow	author	C. L. Moore
Return to Mars	author	Ben Bova
The Three Palladins	author	Harold Lamb
Firebird (Lackey novel)	author	Mercedes Lackey
Funeral Rites (novel)	author	Jean Genet
Emperor of Dreams: A Clark Ashton Smith Bibliography	author	Donald Sidney-Fryer
Once in a Blue Moon (stories)	author	Magnus Mills
The Children's War	author	J.N. Stroyar
Zenity	author	Sun Microsystems
The Magic Pen of Joseph Clement Coll	author	Walt Reed
The New Anti-Catholicism: The Last Acceptable Prejudice	author	Philip Jenkins
Downtown Owl	author	Chuck Klosterman
Genius Squad	author	Catherine Jinks
Pagan Babies	author	Elmore Leonard
Alicia Austin's Age of Dreams	author	Alicia Austin
Cause Celeb	author	Helen Fielding
Bazaar of the Bizarre (collection)	author	Fritz Leiber
The Revenge of Dracula	author	Peter Berresford Ellis
Paths to Freedom	author	Michael McElhatton
Act of Providence	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
Act of Providence	author	Donald M. Grant
The Road of Azrael	author	Robert E. Howard
Water Witch (novel)	author	Connie Willis
Water Witch (novel)	author	Cynthia Felice
The Black Wolf	author	Galad Elflandsson
Against the Tide of Years	author	S. M. Stirling
On the Oceans of Eternity	author	S. M. Stirling
The Luxe	author	Anna Godbersen
The Other Place (novel)	author	Monica Hughes
Ghoul (novel)	author	Brian Keene
The Magic Faraway Tree (novel)	author	Enid Blyton
Mouse Noses on Toast	author	Daren King
That Rabbit Belongs to Emily Brown	author	Cressida Cowell
Hugo Pepper	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
Corby Flood	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
Fergus Crane	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
The Emperor of Absurdia	author	Chris Riddell
The Pig Who Saved the World	author	Paul Shipton
The Adventures of the Dish and the Spoon	author	Mini Grey
Wibbly Pig's Silly Big Bear	author	Mick Inkpen
I, Coriander	author	Sally Gardner
The Dancing Tiger	author	Malachy Doyle
The Whispering Road	author	Livi Michael
Spilled Water	author	Sally Grindley
Biscuit Bear	author	Mini Grey
Cloud Busting	author	Malorie Blackman
My Big Brother, Boris	author	Liz Pichon
Bartholomew and the Bug	author	Neal Layton
The Fire-Eaters	author	David Almond
The Witch's Children and the Queen	author	Ursula Jones
On Pointe	author	Lorie Ann Grover
The Last Castaways	author	Harry Horse
Tadpole's Promise	author	Jeanne Willis
The Various	author	Steve Augarde
The Countess's Calamity	author	Sally Gardner
Two Frogs	author	Christopher Wormell
The Partners (book)	author	James B. Stewart
Tom Swift in the Land of Wonders	author	Victor Appleton
Lovecraft's Providence and Adjacent Parts	author	Henry L. P. Beckwith, Jr.
Mayhem on Bear Creek	author	Robert E. Howard
Golden God	author	Jeanne DuPrau
The Earth House	author	Jeanne DuPrau
Ombria in Shadow	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Infamous (novel)	author	Cecily von Ziegesar
Tempted (novel)	author	Cecily von Ziegesar
The Other Side of the Sky: A Memoir	author	The Other Side of the Sky: A Memoir
The Interns (TV series)	author	Don Brinkley
The Interns (TV series)	author	Charles Larson (producer)
Google Friend Connect	author	Google
The Blurred Man	author	Anthony Horowitz
Hawks of Outremer (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
The Precipice	author	Ben Bova
Fields of Sleep	author	E. C. Vivian
Writings and Drawings	author	Bob Dylan
Skinny Bitch in the Kitch	author	Rory Freedman
Skinny Bitch in the Kitch	author	Skinny Bitch
Urn Burial (novel)	author	Robert Westall
The Lotus Caves	author	Samuel Youd
That Pesky Rat	author	Lauren Child
Jazzy in the Jungle	author	Lucy Cousins
Pirate Diary	author	Richard Platt
History of the Movement From 1854 to 1890	author	Sam Moskowitz
Pizza Kittens	author	Charlotte Voake
Stop the Train	author	Geraldine McCaughrean
The Last Wolf	author	Michael Morpurgo
Into the Sun & Other Stories	author	Robert Duncan Milne
Oscar and Arabella	author	Neal Layton
Ubuntu Hacks	author	Kyle Rankin (author)
Ubuntu Hacks	author	Jonathan Oxer
Ubuntu Hacks	author	Bill Childers
A Vision of Doom	author	Ambrose Bierce
Learning Python	author	David Ascher
Operación Masacre	author	Rodolfo Walsh
Songs of the Humpback Whale	author	Jodi Picoult
The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder	author	Vincent Bugliosi
The Border Trilogy	author	Cormac McCarthy
Potshot (novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Lord of the Dead	author	Robert E. Howard
Durandal (novel)	author	Harold Lamb
Creep to Death	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
Scarlet Dream	author	C. L. Moore
The Somnambulist	author	Jonathan Barnes (author)
Twenty-Six (novel)	author	Leo McKay, Jr.
TypingWeb	author	FTW Innovations
Tarzan and the Valley of Gold    1	author	Fritz Leiber
Beyond the Hoax	author	Alan Sokal
The Persistence of Vision	author	John Varley (author)
H. P. Lovecraft: Against the World, Against Life	author	Michel Houellebecq
The Oldest Living Graduate (play)	author	Preston Jones
Lu Ann Hampton Laverty Oberlander (play)	author	Preston Jones
The Last Meeting of the Knights of the White Magnolia (play)	author	Preston Jones
Brothers in Arms (Dragonlance novel)	author	Margaret Weis
Brothers in Arms (Dragonlance novel)	author	Don Perrin
Real Spaces	author	David Summers
One Man and His Bog	author	Barry Pilton
The Kill-Off (novel)	author	Jim Thompson (writer)
Run for Your Life (novel)	author	James Patterson
Hallucinating Foucault	author	Patricia Duncker
The Alice B. Toklas Cookbook	author	Alice B. Toklas
Born Digital	author	John Palfrey
Child of the Northern Spring	author	Persia Woolley
Queen of the Summer Stars	author	Persia Woolley
Guinevere: The Legend in Autumn	author	Persia Woolley
The Wonderful Lips of Thibong Linh	author	Theodore Roscoe
As It Is Written	author	De Lysle Ferree Cass
Selected Poems of Henry Ames Blood	author	Henry Ames Blood
Fair Stood the Wind for France	author	H. E. Bates
God: A Biography	author	Jack Miles
A More Perfect Union: Advancing New American Rights	author	Jesse Jackson, Jr.
Heat (novel)	author	Mike Lupica
The Living Reed	author	Pearl S. Buck
Adobe Flash Builder	author	Macromedia
Terminal Freeze	author	Lincoln Child
Celia, lo que dice	author	Elena Fortún
Pygmy (novel)	author	Chuck Palahniuk
Jupiter (novel)	author	Ben Bova
Duggan (TV series)	author	Donna Malane
Duggan (TV series)	author	Marion McLeod
Home Free (TV series)	author	Tim O'Donnell (director)
Get Smart (1995 TV series)	author	Mel Brooks
Get Smart (1995 TV series)	author	Buck Henry
Nerve (novel)	author	Dick Francis
Queenie's Castle	author	Keith Waterhouse
Queenie's Castle	author	Willis Hall
The Persistence of Memory (novel)	author	Tony Eprile
My Sister Jodie	author	Jacqueline Wilson
On the Way Home	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
The Last Save of Moacyr Barbosa	author	Darwin Pastorin
West from Home	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Kid Boots	author	William Anthony McGuire
Kid Boots	author	Otto Harbach
A Stillness at Appomattox	author	Bruce Catton
The Secret Order of the Gumm Street Girls	author	Elise Primavera
Escape to Last Man Peak	author	Jean D'Costa
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Fifteenth Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
Wattoo Wattoo Super Bird	author	René Borg
Wattoo Wattoo Super Bird	author	Hubert Ballay
The Autograph Man	author	Zadie Smith
The Wrecking Crew: How Conservatives Rule	author	Thomas Frank
Davis Rules	author	Frank Mula
Davis Rules	author	Norma Safford Vela
Secrets (Jacqueline Wilson novel)	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Genius Wars	author	Catherine Jinks
The Glass Bees	author	Ernst Jünger
Nova Swing	author	M. John Harrison
Our Synthetic Environment	author	Murray Bookchin
Becoming the Villainess	author	Jeannine Hall Gailey
A Healing House of Prayer	author	Morris Maddocks
Starclimber	author	Kenneth Oppel
Iron Man: Armored Adventures	author	Stan Lee
Iron Man: Armored Adventures	author	Larry Lieber
Iron Man: Armored Adventures	author	Don Heck
Iron Man: Armored Adventures	author	Jack Kirby
The Thing About Jane Spring	author	Sharon Krum
Towering Ambitions: Dan Cruickshank at Ground Zero	author	Dan Cruickshank
Empire of Mind	author	Michael Strangelove
Lions in the Street	author	Paul Hoffman (business writer)
Writing War: Fiction, Gender & Memory	author	Lynne Hanley
Sweet Dreams: Philosophical Obstacles to a Science of Consciousness	author	Daniel Dennett
Hell Screen	author	Ryūnosuke Akutagawa
Under a Velvet Cloak	author	Piers Anthony
Tom Swift and His War Tank	author	Victor Appleton
What Happened	author	Scott McClellan
The Bourne Sanction	author	Robert Ludlum
The Bourne Sanction	author	Eric Van Lustbader
TimeTripper	author	Stefan Petrucha
Who's on First (novel)	author	William F. Buckley, Jr.
A Republic, Not an Empire: Reclaiming America's Destiny	author	Pat Buchanan
The Listeners (novel)	author	James Gunn (author)
Dead Cert	author	Dick Francis
Koizora	author	Mika (author)
Turn Coat	author	Jim Butcher
Jeff Dunham: Spark of Insanity	author	Jeff Dunham
Scary Stories (Roff)	author	Don Roff
Dead Sea (novel)	author	Brian Keene
Leonardo's Swans	author	Karen Essex
Stealing Athena	author	Karen Essex
CapExBio	author	Station biologique de Roscoff
William's Television Show	author	Richmal Crompton
William and the Masked Ranger	author	Richmal Crompton
Seventeen Against the Dealer	author	Cynthia Voigt
Armed America: Portraits of Gun Owners in Their Homes	author	Kyle Cassidy
Hamlet and the New Poetic: James Joyce and T. S. Eliot	author	William H. Quillian
Blood Noir (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Spy Story (novel)	author	Len Deighton
The Conscience of a Liberal	author	Paul Krugman
Dear Mr. Henshaw	author	Beverly Cleary
Walk a Little Faster	author	S. J. Perelman
Walk a Little Faster	author	Robert MacGunigle
This Can't Be Happening at Macdonald Hall	author	Gordon Korman
Shangri-La Plaza (TV pilot)	author	Nick Castle
Shangri-La Plaza (TV pilot)	author	Mark Mueller
I Want to Go Home	author	Gordon Korman
The Focus of Life	author	Austin Osman Spare
William the Pirate	author	Richmal Crompton
Working Girl (TV series)	author	Lawrence Konner
Dragon: the Old Potter's Tale	author	Ryūnosuke Akutagawa
The Valley (novel)	author	Barry Pilton
Lee and Grant at Appomattox	author	MacKinlay Kantor
The 47th Samurai	author	Stephen Hunter
Collected Poems – 2003 edition (Philip Larkin)	author	Philip Larkin
Through the Arc of the Rain Forest	author	Karen Tei Yamashita
Crossing the Quality Chasm	author	Institute of Medicine
My Big Fat Supernatural Honeymoon	author	Kelley Armstrong
My Big Fat Supernatural Honeymoon	author	Jim Butcher
My Big Fat Supernatural Honeymoon	author	Rachel Caine
My Big Fat Supernatural Honeymoon	author	P. N. Elrod
My Big Fat Supernatural Honeymoon	author	Caitlin Kittredge
My Big Fat Supernatural Honeymoon	author	Marjorie Liu
My Big Fat Supernatural Honeymoon	author	Katie MacAlister
My Big Fat Supernatural Honeymoon	author	Lilith Saintcrow
My Big Fat Supernatural Honeymoon	author	Ronda Thompson
All Creatures Great and Small (TV series)	author	James Herriot
Defending Identity	author	Natan Sharansky
The Shadow Club	author	Neal Shusterman
The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Perilous Journey	author	Trenton Lee Stewart
The Other Queen	author	Philippa Gregory
Mistress of the Empire	author	Raymond E. Feist
Mistress of the Empire	author	Janny Wurts
Servant of the Empire	author	Raymond E. Feist
Servant of the Empire	author	Janny Wurts
Daughter of the Empire	author	Raymond E. Feist
Daughter of the Empire	author	Janny Wurts
Nuremberg (2000 film)	author	David W. Rintels
The North Ship	author	Philip Larkin
Stormchaser (novel)	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
Stormchaser (novel)	author	Chris Riddell
Waiting for the Galactic Bus	author	Parke Godwin
Tom Swift and His Air Scout	author	Victor Appleton
Space Command (TV series)	author	Alfred Harris
Gomorrah (book)	author	Roberto Saviano
Dragon's Lair (TV series)	author	Michael Charles Hill
The Book of Lost Things	author	John Connolly (author)
Evil Always Ends	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
The Gypsy Morph	author	Terry Brooks
The Soft Whisper of the Dead	author	Charles L. Grant
The General's Wife	author	Peter Straub
The Strip (US TV series)	author	Alfred Gough
The Strip (US TV series)	author	Miles Millar
The Strip (US TV series)	author	Mark Verheiden
My Turn (memoir)	author	Nancy Reagan
Romance of Two Worlds	author	Marie Corelli
Talbot Mundy: Messenger of Destiny	author	Donald M. Grant
Threshold (Sara Douglass novel)	author	Sara Douglass
The Last Lobo	author	Roland Smith
Jaguar (novel)	author	Roland Smith
The Snow Empress	author	Laura Joh Rowland
The Nightingale's Song	author	Robert Timberg
The Sea of the Ravens	author	Harold Lamb
Pistols 'n' Petticoats	author	Del Moore
Pistols 'n' Petticoats	author	George Tibbles
RichFaces	author	JBoss (company)
Blondie (1968 TV series)	author	Danny Simon
The Wrecking Crew (book)	author	Thomas Frank
Maigret Has Scruples	author	Georges Simenon
Sense of Place	author	George Seddon
The Chronology of Ancient Kingdoms	author	Isaac Newton
Jesus Was Way Cool (book)	author	John S. Hall
To the Stars (novel)	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Daily Negations	author	John S. Hall
Betwixt!	author	Ian McFarlane (composer)
Yellow Men Sleep	author	Jeremy Lane
The Crippled Tree	author	Han Suyin
A Mortal Flower	author	Han Suyin
Birdless Summer	author	Han Suyin
My House Has Two Doors	author	Han Suyin
The American Claimant	author	Mark Twain
The Hundred-Year Christmas	author	David Morrell
In Defense of Food	author	Michael Pollan
General Winston's Daughter	author	Sharon Shinn
The Last Adventurer: The Life of Talbot Mundy	author	Peter Berresford Ellis
Risale-i Nur	author	Said Nursî
The Myst Reader	author	Rand Miller
The Myst Reader	author	Robyn Miller
The Myst Reader	author	David Wingrove
Murder Music: A History of Black Metal	author	Malcolm Dome
The Magician: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel	author	Michael Scott (Irish author)
Daughter of Regals	author	Stephen R. Donaldson
The Adventures of Samurai Cat	author	Mark E. Rogers
Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Firstcoastnews.com	author	Gannett Company
The Far Islands and Other Tales of Fantasy	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
Book of Matches	author	Simon Armitage
The Scourge of God (novel)	author	S. M. Stirling
Kull (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
The Book of Kane	author	Karl Edward Wagner
A Monster at Christmas	author	Thomas Canty (illustrator)
Starting With Alice	author	Phyllis Reynolds Naylor
Plum Lovin'	author	Janet Evanovich
Grail Prince	author	Nancy McKenzie
Cuidado con el ángel	author	Carlos Romero
The Nazi and the Barber	author	Edgar Hilsenrath
The Dark Cry of the Moon	author	Charles L. Grant
Virtually Normal: An Argument About Homosexuality	author	Andrew Sullivan
In the Courts of the Crimson Kings	author	S. M. Stirling
The Undying Land	author	William Gilmour (writer)
The Borders Just Beyond	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
Academ's Fury	author	Jim Butcher
Cursor's Fury	author	Jim Butcher
Captain's Fury	author	Jim Butcher
I Love My Family	author	Liang Zuo
I Love My Family	author	Wang Shuo
The Princes of the Golden Cage (novel)	author	Nathalie Mallet
Book of Feuds	author	Mark Courtney
Marianne and Mark	author	Catherine Storr
Crusader (Bloor novel)	author	Edward Bloor
Kushiel's Mercy	author	Jacqueline Carey
One Who Walked Alone	author	Novalyne Price Ellis
The Onion Girl	author	Charles de Lint
In Defense of Anarchism	author	Robert Paul Wolff
Return of the Crimson Guard	author	Ian Cameron Esslemont
N4G	author	HAVAmedia
The Second Lady	author	Irving Wallace
Tom Swift and His Undersea Search	author	Victor Appleton
List of Moonlight Resonance episodes	author	Cheung Wah Biu
List of Moonlight Resonance episodes	author	Sit Ga Wah
The Curious Quests of Brigadier Ffellowes	author	Sterling E. Lanier
The Long Night of the Grave	author	Charles L. Grant
Yellow Fog	author	Les Daniels
My Lady of Hy-Brasil and Other Stories	author	Peter Berresford Ellis
OpenCL	author	Apple Inc.
Madame Two Swords	author	Tanith Lee
From Darwin to Hitler	author	Richard Weikart
Swindle (novel)	author	Gordon Korman
Prime Evil (anthology)	author	Douglas E. Winter
The Cat Who Lived High	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Shadows of Dreams (collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
The Encyclopedia of American Religions	author	J. Gordon Melton
The Devil in Dover	author	Lauri Lebo
The Sorceress: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel	author	Michael Scott (Irish author)
A Coney Island of the Mind	author	Lawrence Ferlinghetti
A House Not Meant to Stand	author	Tennessee Williams
The Unfortunates	author	B. S. Johnson
Senselessness	author	Horacio Castellanos Moya
Post-Scarcity Anarchism	author	Murray Bookchin
Just in Case	author	Meg Rosoff
The Frog King (2002 novel)	author	Adam Davies (author)
Io9	author	Annalee Newitz
To the Stars: The Autobiography of George Takei	author	George Takei
Three Kingdoms (TV series)	author	Luo Guanzhong
The Gods of Business	author	Prabhu Guptara
The Magician Out of Manchuria	author	Charles G. Finney
Du Chakay Duniya	author	Bimol Mukerji
Crash (1984 TV series)	author	Carsten Overskov
The Red Necklace	author	Sally Gardner
The Essential Shinran: A Buddhist Path of True Entrusting	author	Alfred Bloom (Buddhist)
Tipi: Home of the Nomadic Buffalo Hunters	author	Paul Goble
Tom Swift Among the Fire Fighters	author	Victor Appleton
The Last Fine Time	author	Verlyn Klinkenborg
The Secret Life of the American Teenager	author	Brenda Hampton
Burn Up (TV miniseries)	author	Simon Beaufoy
Tom Swift and His Electric Locomotive	author	Victor Appleton
Will (novel)	author	Christopher Rush
De Niro's Game	author	Rawi Hage
The Eagle and the Wolves	author	Simon Scarrow
The Human Farm (book)	author	Katie Smith Milway
Klondike (TV series)	author	Sam Peckinpah
Passage (2008 novel)	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Patterns of Sexual Behavior	author	Clellan S. Ford
Patterns of Sexual Behavior	author	Frank A. Beach
Albert Savarus	author	Honoré de Balzac
Now the Hell Will Start	author	Brendan I. Koerner
Princeps' Fury	author	Jim Butcher
Post Oaks & Sand Roughs	author	Robert E. Howard
Mister Roberts (play)	author	Thomas Heggen
Mister Roberts (play)	author	Joshua Logan
Mister Roberts (TV series)	author	Thomas Heggen
Mister Roberts (TV series)	author	Douglas Morrow
Ledfeather	author	Stephen Graham Jones
Métaphysique des tubes	author	Amélie Nothomb
Irish Tiger	author	Andrew Greeley
Fortysomething (TV series)	author	Nigel Williams (author)
Child 44	author	Tom Rob Smith
Sinner (Dekker novel)	author	Ted Dekker
Vägen till Gyllenblå!	author	Roar Skolmen
Nuclear Dream (collection)	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
The Adventures of Lucius Leffing	author	Joseph Payne Brennan
Dickens (docudrama)	author	Peter Ackroyd
The DAW Science Fiction Reader	author	Donald A. Wollheim
Mrs. God (novel)	author	Peter Straub
Bright Shiny Morning	author	James Frey
Back to the Stone Age	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Too Fat to Fish	author	Artie Lange
Too Fat to Fish	author	Anthony Bozza
The Ordinary Princess	author	M. M. Kaye
Mga Ibong Mandaragit	author	Amado V. Hernandez
Strictly Dishonorable (play)	author	Preston Sturges
The Face in the Abyss	author	A. Merritt
Sharks and Little Fish	author	Wolfgang Ott
Rome 1960 (book)	author	David Maraniss
Sea Change (Parker novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Child of Manhattan (play)	author	Preston Sturges
Only A Theory	author	Kenneth R. Miller
Dennis the Menace and Gnasher (1996 TV series)	author	Jimmy Hibbert
Augustus (novel)	author	John Edward Williams
Westlife: Our Story	author	Nicky Byrne
Westlife: Our Story	author	Kian Egan
Westlife: Our Story	author	Mark Feehily
Westlife: Our Story	author	Shane Filan
Khasakkinte Itihasam	author	O. V. Vijayan
Resident Evil: City of the Dead	author	S. D. Perry
The Twelve and the Genii	author	Pauline Clarke
The Last Legends of Earth	author	A. A. Attanasio
Three Critics of the Enlightenment	author	Isaiah Berlin
Children of the Dust (TV miniseries)	author	Clancy Carlile
Children of the Dust (TV miniseries)	author	Joyce Ellason
The Good Fairy (play)	author	Ferenc Molnár
The Burnt Ones	author	Patrick White
Harris and Me	author	Gary Paulsen
The Guinea Pig (play)	author	Preston Sturges
Recapture	author	Preston Sturges
The Well of Romance	author	Preston Sturges
The Teahouse of the August Moon (novel)	author	Vern Sneider
FiveThirtyEight	author	Nate Silver
The Haunted Pampero	author	William Hope Hodgson
The Storms of Chai	author	Joe Dever
Dream Stuff	author	David Malouf
Bad Business	author	Robert B. Parker
The Teahouse of the August Moon (play)	author	Vern Sneider
The Teahouse of the August Moon (play)	author	John Patrick (dramatist)
Broken Lives	author	Estelle Blackburn
Under the Dome	author	Stephen King
Science & Religion: A Symposium	author	Mihajlo Idvorski Pupin
The Promise of Eden	author	Eric Durchholz
Blue Melody:Tim Buckley Remembered	author	Lee Underwood
Blue Melody:Tim Buckley Remembered	author	John Goldsby
Spacewalk (software)	author	Red Hat
The Indian War of Independence (book)	author	Vinayak Damodar Savarkar
Basenotes	author	Grant Osborne
The Weakness (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Omensetter's Luck	author	William H. Gass
Strawhead	author	Norman Mailer
Thought Leader	author	Mail & Guardian
Borstal Boy (play)	author	Brendan Behan
Borstal Boy (play)	author	Frank McMahon (author)
Poor Fellow My Country	author	Xavier Herbert
The Glass Canoe	author	David Ireland (author)
Small is Profitable	author	Amory Lovins
Casi Ángeles	author	Leandro Calderone
Lavinia (novel)	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
Cats of the Clans	author	Erin Hunter
Swords and Crowns and Rings	author	Ruth Park
Love and Will	author	Rollo May
Grey Star the Wizard	author	Ian Page
Windfall (novel)	author	Desmond Bagley
Five Get into a Fix	author	Enid Blyton
Speech of Silence	author	Ng Shiu Tung
Speech of Silence	author	Tsui Tze Shan
Beauty: A Retelling of the Story of Beauty and the Beast	author	Robin McKinley
Makers and Takers	author	Peter Schweizer
Peter the Great's Negro	author	Alexander Pushkin
Vanishing Acts	author	Jodi Picoult
The Peaceful Pill Handbook	author	Philip Nitschke
Laskhar (novel)	author	Mukul Deva
Doomsday Plus Twelve	author	James D. Forman
The Voice of the Turtle (play)	author	John Van Druten
Drakon (novel)	author	S. M. Stirling
Google Map Maker	author	Google
In Odd We Trust	author	Dean Koontz
In Odd We Trust	author	Queenie Chan
The Inventors	author	Alexander Gordon Smith
Putin's Progress	author	Peter Truscott, Baron Truscott
With Their Backs to The World: Portraits of Serbia	author	Åsne Seierstad
Becoming Naomi León	author	Pam Muñoz Ryan
One Hundred And One Days: A Baghdad Journal	author	Åsne Seierstad
Angel of Grozny: Inside Chechnya	author	Åsne Seierstad
Soul Mountain	author	Gao Xingjian
Les Mystères de Marseille	author	Émile Zola
La mécanique du cœur (novel)	author	Mathias Malzieu
My Name Is Barbra (TV special)	author	Robert Emmet
The Fox Run	author	David L. Robbins (Oregon writer)
Thief River Falls Run	author	David L. Robbins (Oregon writer)
Climate Code Red: The Case for Emergency Action	author	David Spratt
The Elements of Moral Philosophy	author	James Rachels
Hero to Zero	author	John Salthouse
Feast of Souls	author	Celia S. Friedman
Fire in the Mist	author	Holly Lisle
Filmweb	author	Artur Gortych
Thorns (novel)	author	Robert Silverberg
UNdata	author	United Nations Statistics Division
Madam, Will You Talk?	author	Mary Stewart
The Addams Family (musical)	author	Marshall Brickman
The Addams Family (musical)	author	Rick Elice
Eat, Pray, Love	author	Elizabeth Gilbert
The Geography Club (play)	author	Brent Hartinger
Geography Club	author	Brent Hartinger
A Long Way Gone: Memoirs of a Boy Soldier	author	Ishmael Beah
The Bolshevik Myth	author	Alexander Berkman
Winnie the Witch	author	Valerie Thomas
Freedom's Rein	author	Shane Sellers
Freedom's Rein	author	Tricia Psarreas
Something Else (book)	author	Kathryn Cave
Freedom Summer (book)	author	Deborah Wiles
The Time We Have Taken	author	Steven Carroll
Cold Skin	author	Albert Sánchez Piñol
The Ballad of Desmond Kale	author	Roger McDonald
Why Darwin Matters	author	Michael Shermer
John Adams (book)	author	David McCullough
The Diplomat (novel)	author	James Aldridge
The Zookeeper's Wife	author	Diane Ackerman
The Steel Wave	author	Jeffrey Shaara
The Greek Who Stole Christmas	author	Anthony Horowitz
Issues in Science and Religion	author	Ian Barbour
Two to the Fifth	author	Piers Anthony
The Broken Window	author	Jeffery Deaver
Destiny of Souls	author	Michael Newton (hypnotist)
The She Spot	author	Lisa Witter
The She Spot	author	Lisa Chen
Beyond the Gap	author	Harry Turtledove
Naked Conversations: How Blogs are Changing the Way Businesses Talk with Customers	author	Robert Scoble
Naked Conversations: How Blogs are Changing the Way Businesses Talk with Customers	author	Shel Israel
The Story of the Last Thought	author	Edgar Hilsenrath
The Dolphins of Laurentum	author	Caroline Lawrence
The Rape of the A*P*E*	author	Allan Sherman
Jumper Cable	author	Piers Anthony
Knot Gneiss	author	Piers Anthony
Heart Songs	author	Annie Proulx
Science Friction: Where the Known Meets the Unknown	author	Michael Shermer
Denying History	author	Michael Shermer
Denying History	author	Alex Grobman
Immortality (novel)	author	Milan Kundera
Dawkins vs. Gould	author	Kim Sterelny
The Outlaws of Sherwood	author	Robin McKinley
Criminal Justice (TV series)	author	Peter Moffat
The Seven Who Were Hanged	author	Leonid Andreyev
Singularity (novel)	author	Bill DeSmedt
The Grandmothers: Four Short Novels	author	Doris Lessing
Senses of Cinema	author	Bill Mousoulis
Tree: A Life Story	author	David Suzuki
Harvesting the Heart (novel)	author	Jodi Picoult
StatusNet	author	Evan Prodromou
The Annotated Turing	author	Charles Petzold
The Legend of Chu Liuxiang	author	Gu Long
Abbé Jules	author	Octave Mirbeau
Rsyslog	author	Rainer Gerhards
Carmen up to Data	author	George Robert Sims
Carmen up to Data	author	Henry Pettitt
Walking Brooklyn	author	Adrienne Onofri
Victoria Cross Heroes	author	Nicholas White (television)
The Wonderful Country	author	Thomas C. Lea, III
Think: A Compelling Introduction to Philosophy	author	Simon Blackburn
Atheism: The Case Against God	author	George H. Smith
Young Gabby Goose	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Jaz Parks series	author	Jennifer Rardin
Tickets to the Devil	author	Richard P. Powell
The Other Side (children's book)	author	Jacqueline Woodson
Genome (novel)	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
Escape from Hell (novel)	author	Larry Niven
Escape from Hell (novel)	author	Jerry Pournelle
Milly-Molly-Mandy Stories	author	Joyce Lankester Brisley
Land of Terror	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Savage Pellucidar	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Nasty Bits	author	Anthony Bourdain
The Remorseful Day	author	Colin Dexter
Logan's World	author	William F. Nolan
Bones of the Hills	author	Conn Iggulden
UrQMD	author	Horst Stöcker
Synthetic Men of Mars	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Fatal Conceit	author	Friedrich Hayek
Llana of Gathol	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
John Carter of Mars (collection)	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
John Carter of Mars (collection)	author	John Coleman Burroughs
Jumper: Griffin's Story (novel)	author	Steven Gould
Bella at Midnight	author	Diane Stanley
The Forbidden City (Grey Star)	author	Ian Page
The Matchgirls	author	Bill Owen (actor)
The Cheerleader	author	Ruth Doan MacDougall
Such is Life	author	Joseph Furphy
The Beggar of Volubilis	author	Caroline Lawrence
Lifeblood (novel)	author	Tom Becker
Dreams that Glitter – Our Story	author	Girls Aloud
The Voyage of the Sable Keech	author	Neal Asher
The War With Mr. Wizzle	author	Gordon Korman
Dunkirk (TV series)	author	Alex Holmes (television)
The Last Patriot	author	Brad Thor
Very Hard Choices	author	Spider Robinson
Brigands M.C.	author	Robert Muchamore
Every Second Counts (book)	author	Lance Armstrong
Every Second Counts (book)	author	Sally Jenkins
The Wrong Door	author	Ben Wheatley
The Forever King	author	Warren Murphy
Beyond the Nightmare Gate	author	Ian Page
The Mucker (novel)	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Blade Itself	author	Marcus Sakey
Sons of Anarchy	author	Chris Collins (writer)
A Gentleman's Guide to Graceful Living	author	Michael Dahlie
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules	author	Jeff Kinney (writer)
Trelawny of the 'Wells'	author	Arthur Wing Pinero
The White Earth	author	Andrew McGahan
How Do You Spell God?	author	Rabbi Marc Gellman
How Do You Spell God?	author	Msgr. Thomas Hartman
StreetCred	author	Rocky Williform
Zoe's Tale	author	John Scalzi
Cop in the Hood: My Year Policing Baltimore's Eastern District	author	Peter Moskos
City of Bones (Mortal Instruments)	author	Cassandra Clare
Ol' Man Adam an' His Chillun	author	Roark Bradford
American Nerd	author	Benjamin Nugent
Tirra Lirra by the River	author	Jessica Anderson
The Myth of the Machine	author	Lewis Mumford
The Keys to the White House	author	Allan Lichtman
The Atlas of Pern	author	Karen Wynn Fonstad
The World Atlas of Wine	author	Hugh Johnson (wine writer)
The World Atlas of Wine	author	Jancis Robinson
The Atlas of the Dragonlance World	author	Karen Wynn Fonstad
Accident (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Craig's Wife	author	George Kelly (playwright)
Quantum Aspects of Life	author	Roger Penrose
A Woman of the Future	author	David Ireland (author)
Beyond the Horizon (play)	author	Eugene O'Neill
The Ancestor Game	author	Alex Miller (writer)
No Place to be Somebody	author	Charles Gordone
The Eagles' Brood	author	Jack Whyte
The End of Oil	author	Paul Roberts (author)
Candy Girl: A Year in the Life of an Unlikely Stripper	author	Diablo Cody
Gollum: How We Made Movie Magic	author	Andy Serkis
Behind the Lines (book)	author	Andrew Carroll
Between the Devil	author	Howard Dietz
Heaven and Hell: My Life in the Eagles (1974–2001)	author	Don Felder
Illegal Citizens	author	Afdhere Jama
The Impersonators	author	Jessica Anderson
Just Relations	author	Rodney Hall
The Doubleman	author	Christopher Koch
Christie's World Encyclopedia of Champagne & Sparkling Wine	author	Tom Stevenson
Revenge with Music	author	Howard Dietz
Follett's Modern American Usage	author	Wilson Follett
Last Child in the Woods	author	Richard Louv
Predictably Irrational	author	Dan Ariely
The Second Little Show	author	Dwight Deere Wiman
The Band Wagon (musical)	author	George S. Kaufman
The Band Wagon (musical)	author	Howard Dietz
La Belle Bête	author	Marie-Claire Blais
Swords and Deviltry	author	Fritz Leiber
Dessa Rose (musical)	author	Lynn Ahrens
The Legend of Tim Tyler	author	James Krüss
Jhegaala	author	Steven Brust
The Well (novel)	author	Elizabeth Jolley
The Rose Rent	author	Edith Pargeter
Extinct Birds (Rothschild book)	author	Walter Rothschild, 2nd Baron Rothschild
Investigations into Germanic Mythology	author	Viktor Rydberg
Green Grow the Lilacs (play)	author	Lynn Riggs
Beauty Confidential	author	Nadine Haobsh
Paper Towns	author	John Green (author)
Master of Adventure: The Worlds of Edgar Rice Burroughs	author	Richard A. Lupoff
War of the Wizards (Gamebook)	author	Ian Page
The Deniers	author	Lawrence Solomon
The Great Dinosaur Robbery	author	David Forrest (pseudonym)
My Traitor's Heart	author	Rian Malan
Clive Barker: Visions of Heaven and Hell	author	Clive Barker
The Ox-Bow Incident (novel)	author	Walter Van Tilburg Clark
Chandrakanta (TV series)	author	Devaki Nandan Khatri
Cocker's Decimal Arithmetick	author	Edward Cocker
The Slave-girl from Jerusalem	author	Caroline Lawrence
Goliath (novel)	author	Steve Alten
The Toxic Avenger (musical)	author	Joe DiPietro
Golden Rainbow	author	Ernest Kinoy
There's a Wocket in My Pocket	author	Dr. Seuss
First Light (Wellum book)	author	Geoffrey Wellum
Dancing on Coral	author	Glenda Adams
FindArticles	author	LookSmart
Click and Clack's As the Wrench Turns	author	Doug Berman
Click and Clack's As the Wrench Turns	author	Tom Magliozzi
Click and Clack's As the Wrench Turns	author	Ray Magliozzi
Click and Clack's As the Wrench Turns	author	Doug Mayer
Click and Clack's As the Wrench Turns	author	Tom Minton
The Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia	author	Tom Stevenson
Kentico CMS	author	Kentico Software
The Unwilling Warlord	author	Lawrence Watt-Evans
The Kevin Bishop Show	author	Kevin Bishop
The Kevin Bishop Show	author	Lee Hupfield
The Islands of the Blessed	author	Nancy Farmer
Physics of the Impossible	author	Michio Kaku
Nip the Buds, Shoot the Kids	author	Kenzaburō Ōe
Beyond Thirty	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Journey to the Stone Country	author	Alex Miller (writer)
The Great Fire (novel)	author	Shirley Hazzard
Plague Ship (Cussler novel)	author	Clive Cussler
Love Never Dies (musical)	author	Andrew Lloyd Webber
Love Never Dies (musical)	author	Ben Elton
Love Never Dies (musical)	author	Glenn Slater
Oceana Fine	author	Tom Flood
The Great World	author	David Malouf
The Samurai (novel)	author	Shusaku Endo
Basic Chess Endings	author	Reuben Fine
Elizabeth David: A Life in Recipes	author	Amanda Coe
George Orwell: A Life in Pictures	author	Chris Durlacher
The Man Who Broke Britain	author	Simon Finch
Under the Yoke (novel)	author	S. M. Stirling
The Stone Dogs	author	S. M. Stirling
Century (1981 novel)	author	Fred Mustard Stewart
Foreigner (Sawyer novel)	author	Robert J. Sawyer
Life Beyond the Box: Margo Leadbetter	author	Jonathan Harvey (playwright)
Building the Great Pyramid	author	Jonathan Stamp
Audition: A Memoir	author	Barbara Walters
The Scrambled States of America Talent Show	author	Laurie Keller
Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea	author	Chelsea Handler
Do Unto Otters	author	Laurie Keller
Paul Pry (play)	author	John Poole (playwright)
Arizona (play)	author	Augustus Thomas
Sports, Sin and Subversion	author	Evan X Hyde
Gears of War: Aspho Fields	author	Karen Traviss
Seven Deadly Sins Four Deadly Sinners	author	Norman Hudis
Seven Deadly Sins Four Deadly Sinners	author	Marc Sinden
The Cat Who Went to Paris	author	Peter Gethers
A Cat Abroad	author	Peter Gethers
The Cat Who'll Live Forever	author	Peter Gethers
Cross Country (novel)	author	James Patterson
Routers2	author	Steve Shipway
The Stranger Beside Me	author	Ann Rule
What's the Difference?	author	John Piper (theologian)
The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life	author	Alice Schroeder
A Patriot's History of the United States	author	Michael Allen (historian)
A Patriot's History of the United States	author	Larry Schweikart
Eva (novel)	author	Peter Dickinson
Beautiful Boy: A Father's Journey Through His Son's Addiction	author	David Sheff
Home: A Memoir of My Early Years	author	Julie Andrews
Justice Undone	author	Thor Vilhjálmsson
Mistaken Identity: Two Families, One Survivor, Unwavering Hope	author	Whitney Cerak
Dirty Blonde: The Diaries of Courtney Love	author	Courtney Love
Relic of Empire	author	W. Michael Gear
An Outline Dictionary of Maya Glyphs	author	William E. Gates
Warhol-o-rama	author	Peter Oresick
The Land I Lost	author	Quang Nhuong Huynh
Losing It	author	Valerie Bertinelli
Colosseum: Rome's Arena of Death	author	Tilman Remme
The Lost Fleet: Valiant	author	John G. Hemry
One Mom and Three Dads	author	Jo Myung Joo
Two Bad Ants	author	Chris Van Allsburg
3 Willows: The Sisterhood Grows	author	Ann Brashares
Travellers' Century	author	Benedict Allen
Frankenstein	author	Mary Shelley
Terra Nova (blog)	author	Edward Castronova
Terra Nova (blog)	author	Julian Dibbell
The Orphaned Anything's	author	Stephen Christian
Hasratein	author	Ashok Vasant Patole
Marihuana (novel)	author	Cornell Woolrich
The Plantation	author	Chris Kuzneski
Sign of the Cross (novel)	author	Chris Kuzneski
Sword of God (novel)	author	Chris Kuzneski
The Lost Throne	author	Chris Kuzneski
The Dark Side (book)	author	Jane Mayer
Indiana Jones and the Dance of the Giants	author	Rob MacGregor
The Lost Fleet: Dauntless	author	John G. Hemry
The Willow Tree (novel)	author	Hubert Selby, Jr.
Princess Flavia	author	Harry B. Smith
My Maryland	author	Dorothy Donnelly
Hold Everything!	author	John McGowan
Hold Everything!	author	Buddy DeSylva
Ground Zero (Deathlands novel)	author	Laurence James
Emerald Fire	author	Laurence James
Bloodlines (Deathlands novel)	author	Laurence James
Crossways (Deathlands novel)	author	Laurence James
Chain of Blame	author	Paul Muolo
Chain of Blame	author	Mathew Padilla
Half of a Yellow Sun	author	Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
Date with Darkness	author	Donald Hamilton
The Long Trial of Nolan Dugatti	author	Stephen Graham Jones
Flying High (musical)	author	John McGowan
Flying High (musical)	author	Buddy DeSylva
Follow Thru (musical)	author	Lawrence Schwab
Follow Thru (musical)	author	Buddy DeSylva
Girls under Pressure	author	Jacqueline Wilson
The Steel Mirror	author	Donald Hamilton
Smoky Valley	author	Donald Hamilton
The Klingon Gambit	author	Robert E. Vardeman
The Prometheus Design	author	Sondra Marshak
The Prometheus Design	author	Myrna Culbreath
The Covenant of the Crown	author	Howard Weinstein
The Abode of Life	author	G. Harry Stine
Black Fire (novel)	author	Sonni Cooper
Triangle (novel)	author	Sondra Marshak
Triangle (novel)	author	Myrna Culbreath
Highways to a War	author	Christopher Koch
Web of the Romulans	author	M. S. Murdock
Journey Through a Small Planet	author	Emanuel Litvinoff
My Sister and I (Nietzsche)	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
Thunder and Lightnings	author	Jan Mark
In Her Shoes (novel)	author	Jennifer Weiner
Mutiny on the Enterprise	author	Robert E. Vardeman
The Trellisane Confrontation	author	David Dvorkin
Corona (novel)	author	Greg Bear
The Tyrant (novel)	author	Ryan A. Murray
Battletoads    1	author	David Wise (writer)
Battletoads    1	author	Phil Harnage
HistoAtlas	author	Stefaan Desender
My Enemy, My Ally	author	Diane Duane
The Tears of the Singers	author	Melinda M. Snodgrass
The Vulcan Academy Murders	author	Jean Lorrah
Uhura's Song	author	Janet Kagan
Shadow Lord (novel)	author	Laurence Yep
Killing Time (Star Trek novel)	author	Della Van Hise
Dwellers in the Crucible	author	Margaret Wander Bonanno
Pawns and Symbols	author	Majliss Larson
The Naughtiest Girl Again	author	Enid Blyton
Rewired: The Post-Cyberpunk Anthology	author	James Patrick Kelly
Rewired: The Post-Cyberpunk Anthology	author	John Kessel
Mindshadow	author	Jeanne Kalogridis
Crisis on Centaurus	author	Brad Ferguson
Dreadnought!	author	Diane Carey
Demons (Star Trek novel)	author	Jeanne Kalogridis
The Wizard in the Woods	author	Jean Ure
Good News (TV series)	author	Richard Dubin
Seven Swordsmen	author	Liang Yusheng
Battlestations!	author	Diane Carey
Chain of Attack	author	Gene DeWeese
Deep Domain	author	Howard Weinstein
Dreams of the Raven	author	Carmen Carter
The Romulan Way	author	Diane Duane
The Romulan Way	author	Peter Morwood
The IDIC Epidemic	author	Jean Lorrah
MacGruber	author	Will Forte
MacGruber	author	John Solomon (writer)
MacGruber	author	Jorma Taccone
The Given Day	author	Dennis Lehane
Timetrap	author	David Dvorkin
The Three-Minute Universe	author	Barbara Paul
Memory Prime	author	Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens
Memory Prime	author	Judith and Garfield Reeves-Stevens
The Final Nexus	author	Gene DeWeese
Double, Double (Star Trek novel)	author	Michael Jan Friedman
The State (book)	author	Franz Oppenheimer
The Cry of the Onlies	author	Judy Klass
Rules of Engagement (Star Trek novel)	author	Peter Morwood
The Pandora Principle	author	Carolyn Clowes
Doctor's Orders (novel)	author	Diane Duane
Letty Fox: Her Luck	author	Christina Stead
Enemy Unseen	author	V.E. Mitchell
The Murder Book	author	Jonathan Kellerman
The Cold Moon	author	Jeffery Deaver
Forgotten Tales of Love and Murder	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
D.I.E. Again	author	Wong Kwok Fai
The Psychopathology of Everyday Life	author	Sigmund Freud
Beyond the Farthest Star (novel)	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Acrobat.com	author	Adobe Systems
Double Trouble (The Hardy Boys Undercover Brothers)	author	Franklin W. Dixon
Circus World (novel)	author	Barry B. Longyear
Home Is the Hunter	author	Dana Kramer-Rolls
Voyages of Imagination	author	Jeff Ayers
Diary of a Wimpy Kid (series)	author	Jeff Kinney (writer)
Night Walker	author	Donald Hamilton
Line of Fire (novel)	author	Donald Hamilton
Kirby: King of Comics	author	Mark Evanier
A Tangled Tale	author	Lewis Carroll
Assignment: Murder	author	Donald Hamilton
Mad River (novel)	author	Donald Hamilton
The Big Country (novel)	author	Donald Hamilton
Afterlife (play)	author	Michael Frayn
The Man From Santa Clara	author	Donald Hamilton
Elsewhere (2009 novel)	author	William Peter Blatty
The Wild Trees	author	Richard Preston
The Valley-Westside War	author	Harry Turtledove
My Grandfather's Son	author	Clarence Thomas
Ke Keno Kibhabe	author	Qazi Anwar Hussain
Texas Fever (novel)	author	Donald Hamilton
In High Places (Turtledove)	author	Harry Turtledove
Curious Notions	author	Harry Turtledove
Gunpowder Empire	author	Harry Turtledove
Personal Demon	author	Kelley Armstrong
A Is for Alien	author	Caitlín R. Kiernan
My Place (book)	author	Sally Morgan (artist)
Look Homeward, Angel (play)	author	Ketti Frings
Sam (TV series)	author	John Finch (writer)
The Worst Journey in the World (docudrama)	author	Mark Gatiss
The Rear Guard	author	Jimmy Perry
The Rear Guard	author	David Croft (TV producer)
The Rear Guard	author	Arthur Julian
Wings of Hell	author	David Sherman
The Way To Cook	author	Julia Child
The Lonely Man of Faith	author	Joseph B. Soloveitchik
The Samurai's Garden	author	Gail Tsukiyama
A Panther in the Basement	author	Amos Oz
Feuchtgebiete	author	Charlotte Roche
Evenor (collection)	author	George MacDonald
Twenty Chickens for a Saddle	author	Robyn Scott
The Associate (novel)	author	John Grisham
Black Mass: Apocalyptic Religion and the Death of Utopia	author	John N. Gray
The Gospel According to the Son	author	Norman Mailer
Blood Libel at Deir Yassin	author	Uri Milstein
The Wall: Growing Up Behind the Iron Curtain	author	Peter Sís
Shopaholic & Baby	author	Madeleine Wickham
The Barbecue Bible	author	Steven Raichlen
Dead Children Playing	author	Stanley Donwood
Dead Children Playing	author	Thom Yorke
The Obama Nation	author	Jerome Corsi
Rietveld (software)	author	Guido van Rossum
The Magic Thief	author	Sarah Prineas
The Way of the World (book)	author	Ron Suskind
Driving Miss Daisy (play)	author	Alfred Uhry
RemoteView	author	Overwatch Geospatial Systems
Every Man Dies Alone	author	Hans Fallada
Common Wealth: Economics for a Crowded Planet	author	Jeffrey Sachs
The Seven Hills	author	John Maddox Roberts
Das Königsprojekt	author	Carl Amery
Marefa	author	Marefa
Eternal Curse on the Reader of These Pages	author	Manuel Puig
Keziah Dane	author	Sue Grafton
The Rebels (novel)	author	John Jakes
The Story of the Gadsbys	author	Rudyard Kipling
"Rommel?" "Gunner Who?"	author	Spike Milligan
Illeramma Kathalu	author	Somaraju Suseela
Generation Dead	author	Daniel Waters (novelist)
The Lost Fleet: Fearless	author	John G. Hemry
The Lost Fleet: Courageous	author	John G. Hemry
Morgan's Run	author	Colleen McCullough
Morgan's Run  The Musical   1	author	Colleen McCullough
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Last Straw	author	Jeff Kinney (writer)
Dances on the Snow	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
Young Samurai: The Way of the Warrior	author	Chris Bradford
Resistance (Star Trek)	author	Jeanne Kalogridis
Commonwealth (novel)	author	Joey Goebel
Dark Mirror (Star Trek novel)	author	Diane Duane
Nuclear Secrets	author	Mark Halliley
Show Boat (novel)	author	Edna Ferber
Heroes and Villains (TV series)	author	Andrew Grieve
Fred Entertainment	author	Kevin Smith
The Wizard of Oz (1987 musical)	author	John Kane (writer)
The Tail of Emily Windsnap	author	Liz Kessler
Darkest Hour (The Mediator)	author	Meg Cabot
Madame Doubtfire	author	Anne Fine
The Wizard in Wonderland	author	Jean Ure
Badjelly the Witch	author	Spike Milligan
How I Became Stupid	author	Martin Page (author)
Saturn's Children (Stross novel)	author	Charles Stross
Missile Gap	author	Charles Stross
The Four (TV series)	author	Wen Ruian
The Little Walls	author	Winston Graham
The Beatles: The Biography	author	Bob Spitz
Daft Planet	author	Derry Smith
Daft Planet	author	Brent Donnelly
The Masks of Time	author	Robert Silverberg
Nobody's Baby But Mine	author	Susan Elizabeth Phillips
Dave Barry Turns 50	author	Dave Barry
The Perfect Murder	author	H. R. F. Keating
Soldier Boys	author	Dean Hughes
Ghost Walker	author	Barbara Hambly
A Flag Full of Stars	author	Brad Ferguson
Heroes of the Fiery Cross	author	Alma Bridwell White
The Butterfly Hunter	author	Max Malik
Passionate Minds	author	David Bodanis
Supreme Courtship	author	Christopher Buckley (novelist)
The Secret Diaries of Abigail Titmuss	author	Abi Titmuss
Andromeda (play)	author	Euripides
Sacred (novel)	author	Dennis Lehane
Universe 3	author	Terry Carr
Santa Claus: A Morality	author	E. E. Cummings
The False Inspector Dew	author	Peter Lovesey
The Glade Within the Grove	author	David Foster (novelist)
That Cursed House in Amityville	author	Carlos Cala
Gray Victory	author	Robert Skimin
The Case Against Barack Obama	author	David Freddoso
Clash of Eagles	author	Leo Rutman
The Defence of Duffer's Drift	author	Ernest Dunlop Swinton
The Divine Worshipper	author	Christian Jacq
A Jolly Good Fellow (novel)	author	Stephen V. Masse
Massacre at Mountain Meadows	author	Ronald W. Walker
Massacre at Mountain Meadows	author	Richard E. Turley, Jr.
Massacre at Mountain Meadows	author	Glen M. Leonard
The Wench is Dead	author	Colin Dexter
Sorry (novel)	author	Gail Jones
Dreams of Speaking	author	Gail Jones
Chhinnamastar Abhishap	author	Satyajit Ray
L'Aigle à deux têtes	author	Jean Cocteau
The Dawn (book)	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
The Four-Story Mistake	author	Elizabeth Enright
Then There Were Five	author	Elizabeth Enright
Spiderweb for Two: A Melendy Maze	author	Elizabeth Enright
The Young Pioneers (TV series)	author	Rose Wilder Lane
Return to Gone-Away	author	Elizabeth Enright
Dark Palace	author	Frank Moorhouse
Drylands (novel)	author	Thea Astley
Gone Tomorrow	author	Lee Child
Benang	author	Kim Scott
The Colossus of Rhodes (novel)	author	Caroline Lawrence
Superclass (book)	author	David Rothkopf
Emacs	author	Richard Stallman
H2g2	author	Douglas Adams
Arctic Drift	author	Clive Cussler
Scouting for Boys	author	Robert Baden-Powell, 1st Baron Baden-Powell
The New Life (novel)	author	Orhan Pamuk
Socialism or Barbarism	author	István Mészáros
Postcode: The Splintering of a Nation	author	Wayne Swan
Cinema Blend	author	Joshua Tyler
Bad Science: The Short Life and Weird Times of Cold Fusion	author	Gary Taubes
And Then There Were None	author	Agatha Christie
Open Directory Project	author	Netscape
Automated Alice	author	Jeff Noon
A Man for All Seasons	author	Robert Bolt
Atlas Shrugged	author	Ayn Rand
The Eagle in the Sand	author	Simon Scarrow
Arctic Chill	author	Arnaldur Indriðason
Peter and Wendy	author	J. M. Barrie
Macarthur (novel)	author	Bob Ong
ABNKKBSNPLAko?!	author	Bob Ong
Arias with a Twist	author	Joey Arias
Arias with a Twist	author	Basil Twist
The Cup (TV series)	author	Moray Hunter
The Cup (TV series)	author	Jack Docherty
Death in the Andes	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
Mutual Friends	author	Anil Gupta
Mutual Friends	author	Richard Pinto
G.I. Joe: Resolute	author	Warren Ellis
The Scribes from Alexandria	author	Caroline Lawrence
Gym and Slimline	author	Emma Burstall
The Blue World	author	Jack Vance
Stormfront (website)	author	Don Black (white nationalist)
DeviantArt	author	Angelo Sotira
DeviantArt	author	DeviantArt
DeviantArt	author	Matthew Stephens
The Flood (novel)	author	Ian Rankin
Peter Kay's Britain's Got the Pop Factor... and Possibly a New Celebrity Jesus Christ Soapstar Superstar Strictly on Ice	author	Peter Kay
The Mona Intercept	author	Donald Hamilton
Cruises With Kathleen	author	Donald Hamilton
The Soft Centre	author	James Hadley Chase
The Five Gold Bands	author	Jack Vance
Katy Brand's Big Ass Show	author	Katy Brand
Katy Brand's Big Ass Show	author	David Armand (comedian)
Katy Brand's Big Ass Show	author	Sam Spedding
Murder Twice Told	author	Donald Hamilton
1080 recetas de cocina	author	Simone Ortega
Iron Men and Silver Stars	author	Donald Hamilton
From Here to Infinity (book)	author	Ian Stewart (mathematician)
On Guns and Hunting	author	Donald Hamilton
MAX: A Maximum Ride Novel	author	James Patterson
Songza	author	Aza Raskin, Scott Robbin
La Maison du chat-qui-pelote	author	Honoré de Balzac
Star Trek: The Next Generation U.S.S. Enterprise NCC-1701-D Blueprints	author	Rick Sternbach
Le Bal de Sceaux	author	Honoré de Balzac
The Glass Castle	author	Jeannette Walls
Samurai Girl (book series)	author	Carrie Asai
Ink Exchange	author	Melissa Marr (author)
Foreskin's Lament: A Memoir	author	Shalom Auslander
The Cool World (novel)	author	Warren Miller (author)
Their Darkest Hour: People Tested to the Extreme in WWII	author	Laurence Rees
The Secret of Annexe 3	author	Colin Dexter
The Riddle of the Third Mile	author	Colin Dexter
The Jewel That Was Ours	author	Colin Dexter
The Road of Bones	author	Anne Fine
Last Seen Wearing (Dexter novel)	author	Colin Dexter
Icon of Evil	author	David G. Dalin
Icon of Evil	author	John Rothmann
Icon of Evil	author	Alan Dershowitz
The Silent World of Nicholas Quinn	author	Colin Dexter
Service of All the Dead	author	Colin Dexter
Infinity Blues	author	Ryan Adams
Ranks of Bronze	author	David Drake
Old Town in the Green Groves	author	Cynthia Rylant
The Forlorn Hope	author	David Drake
Democracy and Education	author	John Dewey
Death Is Now My Neighbour	author	Colin Dexter
The Daughters of Cain	author	Colin Dexter
The Way Through the Woods	author	Colin Dexter
Love Without Hope	author	Rodney Hall
In the Year of the Boar and Jackie Robinson	author	Bette Bao Lord
Careless (novel)	author	Deborah Robertson
Whip Hand	author	Dick Francis
The Museum of Innocence	author	Orhan Pamuk
45 obrtaja: Priče o pesmama	author	Dejan Cukić
William the Conqueror (short story collection)	author	Richmal Crompton
William the Good (short story collection)	author	Richmal Crompton
William and Air Raid Precautions	author	Richmal Crompton
Landscape of Farewell	author	Alex Miller (writer)
Ubiquity (Firefox)	author	Mozilla
Dave Barry Turns 40	author	Dave Barry
No Laughing Matter (book)	author	Joseph Heller
PGF/TikZ	author	Till Tantau
Son of the Tree	author	Jack Vance
Dancing in my Nuddy-Pants	author	Louise Rennison
Madam Secretary	author	Madeleine Albright
The Howling II (novel)	author	Gary Brandner
The Company They Keep: C. S. Lewis and J. R. R. Tolkien as Writers in Community	author	Diana Pavlac Glyer
A Waste of Shame	author	William Boyd (writer)
The Steel Remains	author	Richard Morgan (author)
White Guilt: How Blacks and Whites Together Destroyed the Promise of the Civil Rights Era	author	Shelby Steele
Ramage (novel)	author	Dudley Pope
The Fifth Corner	author	Bryce Zabel
Lucinda Brayford	author	Martin Boyd
Betty Crocker Cookbook	author	General Mills
Ypsilon (Scheme implementation)	author	Yoshikatsu Fujita
Incandescence (novel)	author	Greg Egan
Disguise (novel)	author	Hugo Hamilton
The Chimera's Curse	author	Julia Golding
The Life & Times of Tim	author	Steve Dildarian
American Creation: Triumphs and Tragedies at the Founding of the Republic	author	Joseph Ellis
Slugs (novel)	author	Shaun Hutson
Heavy Water and Other Stories	author	Martin Amis
The Maze of Bones	author	Rick Riordan
Lucky's Collectors Guide to 20th Century Yo-Yos	author	Lucky Meisenheimer
Talking It Over	author	Julian Barnes
The Broken Shore	author	Peter Temple
Life's a Zoo	author	Andrew Horne II
Life's a Zoo	author	Kurt Firla
Life's a Zoo	author	Ron Sparks (comedian)
Life's a Zoo	author	Teresa Pavlinek
Life's a Zoo	author	Ralph Chapman
Life's a Zoo	author	Sarah Glinski
The Gargoyle (novel)	author	Andrew Davidson (author)
The Marty Feldman Comedy Machine	author	Marty Feldman
The Marty Feldman Comedy Machine	author	Spike Milligan
The Marty Feldman Comedy Machine	author	Barry Levinson
The Marty Feldman Comedy Machine	author	Larry Gelbart
The Marty Feldman Comedy Machine	author	Rudy De Luca
Chinese Takeout	author	Arthur Nersesian
Fifteen (Beverly Cleary)	author	Beverly Cleary
Up from the Bottomless Pit and Other Stories	author	Philip José Farmer
Vampire Hunter D: Immortal Island	author	Hideyuki Kikuchi
Venus on the Half-Shell and Others	author	Philip José Farmer
Bones and Silence	author	Reginald Hill
The Monkey King: Quest for the Sutra	author	Siu Yeuk Yuen
The Monkey King: Quest for the Sutra	author	Chan Man keung
The Monkey King: Quest for the Sutra	author	Yip Kwong Yu
Magic Study	author	Maria V. Snyder
Midnight: A Gangster Love Story	author	Sister Souljah
Devil's Knot: The True Story of the West Memphis Three	author	Mara Leveritt
How Angel Peterson Got His Name	author	Gary Paulsen
A Clubbable Woman	author	Reginald Hill
An Advancement of Learning	author	Reginald Hill
Ruling Passion	author	Reginald Hill
An April Shroud	author	Reginald Hill
A Pinch of Snuff	author	Reginald Hill
A Killing Kindness	author	Reginald Hill
Chain of Evidence	author	Garry Disher
Skinny Bitch Bun in the Oven	author	Rory Freedman
Skinny Bitch Bun in the Oven	author	Skinny Bitch
Skinny Bitchin'	author	Rory Freedman
Skinny Bitchin'	author	Skinny Bitch
Hotel Malibu	author	Lynn Marie Latham
Hotel Malibu	author	Bernard Lechowick
Crusade (Robyn Young novel)	author	Robyn Young
Eclipse (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
The Love Dare	author	Alex Kendrick
The Love Dare	author	Stephen Kendrick
Treasure Fever!	author	Andy Griffiths
Line and Strength	author	Glenn McGrath
GTK-server	author	Peter van Eerten
The Knife That Killed Me	author	Anthony McGowan
The Knife of Never Letting Go	author	Patrick Ness
Chasing Darkness	author	Robert Crais
The Watchman (Robert Crais novel)	author	Robert Crais
Shatter (novel)	author	Michael Robotham
Lost (Australian novel)	author	Michael Robotham
The Seventh Decade: The New Shape of Nuclear Danger	author	Jonathan Schell
The Beauty of Fractals	author	Heinz-Otto Peitgen
The Beauty of Fractals	author	Peter Richter
The Female of the Species (play)	author	Joanna Murray-Smith
Five Go to Mystery Moor	author	Enid Blyton
Five Have a Wonderful Time	author	Enid Blyton
Where Others Wavered	author	Sam Nujoma
The Private Patient	author	P. D. James
The Faerie Path	author	Frewin Jones
Wycliffe's Wild Goose Chase	author	W. J. Burley
Ladybug Girl	author	Jacky Davis
Colors Insulting to Nature	author	Cintra Wilson
A Mind to Murder	author	P. D. James
Shoes (GUI toolkit)	author	Why the lucky stiff
Monkey Puzzle (book)	author	Julia Donaldson
The Owl Service (TV series)	author	Alan Garner
The Unfinished Twentieth Century	author	Jonathan Schell
Taxi (book)	author	Khaled al-Khamissi
The City & the City	author	China Miéville
The Quatermass Experiment (2005)	author	Richard Fell (TV producer)
Thank You, Mr. Moto (novel)	author	John P. Marquand
All the Small Things (TV series)	author	Debbie Horsfield
The Planet Savers	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Sword of Aldones	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Dragon Man	author	Garry Disher
The Savage Garden	author	Mark Mills (writer)
The Sail and Steam Navy List	author	Rif Winfield
The Sail and Steam Navy List	author	David Lyon (author)
Tobacco Road (play)	author	Jack Kirkland
The Costello Memoirs	author	Peter Costello
The Costello Memoirs	author	Peter Coleman
Meri Bassai	author	Kedar Ghimire
A for Andromeda (2006)	author	Richard Fell (TV producer)
Legion of the Damned (novel)	author	William C. Dietz
The Brush-Off	author	Shane Maloney
The Bloody Sun	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Star of Danger	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Jürgen Roland  Stahlnetz   1	author	Wolfgang Menge
The White Tiger	author	Aravind Adiga
Bad Debts	author	Peter Temple
Flood (Baxter novel)	author	Stephen Baxter
Power Rangers RPM	author	Eddie Guzelian
Power Rangers RPM	author	Jackie Marchand
Power Rangers RPM	author	Judd Lynn
The War Within: A Secret White House History (2006–2008)	author	Bob Woodward
My Dad, John McCain	author	Meghan McCain
Daisy Pulls It Off	author	Denise Deegan
In the Days of the Comet	author	H. G. Wells
The Gift of Rain	author	Tan Twan Eng
The Way We Live Now (2001 TV serial)	author	Andrew Davies (writer)
Three to See the King	author	Magnus Mills
Corporal to Field Officer	author	Captain (Canadian army and air force)
Corporal to Field Officer	author	Lieutenant-Colonel (Canada)
Falcons of Narabedla	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Black Tide (novel)	author	Peter Temple
Brave Companions: Portraits in History	author	David McCullough
Dead Point	author	Peter Temple
White Dog (novel)	author	Peter Temple
The Serpent Bride	author	Sara Douglass
Mao's Last Dancer (book)	author	Li Cunxin
Dungeons & Dragons (1974)	author	Gary Gygax
Dungeons & Dragons (1974)	author	Dave Arneson
STORI Telling	author	Tori Spelling
Babylon 5: To Dream in the City of Sorrows	author	Kathryn M. Drennan
A Different Flesh	author	Harry Turtledove
Shooting Star (Temple novel)	author	Peter Temple
The Mind's Eye (novel)	author	Håkan Nesser
The children of Niobe (novel)	author	Tasos Athanasiadis
Greyhawk (supplement)	author	Gary Gygax
Greyhawk (supplement)	author	Robert J. Kuntz
Blackmoor (supplement)	author	Dave Arneson
The Torture Papers (book)	author	Karen Joy Greenberg
The Torture Papers (book)	author	Joshua L. Dratel
Who Would Have Thought It?	author	María Ruiz de Burton
The Apple Tree (anthology)	author	Daphne du Maurier
Shanghai Girls	author	Lisa See
The Fugitive from Corinth	author	Caroline Lawrence
Conan the Guardian	author	Roland Green
Princess of Gossip	author	Sabrina Bryan
Princess of Gossip	author	Julia DeVillers
Ulverton	author	Adam Thorpe
India after Gandhi	author	Ramachandra Guha
The Underground (Left Behind: The Kids)	author	Jerry B. Jenkins
The Underground (Left Behind: The Kids)	author	Tim LaHaye
Night Sky Mine	author	Melissa Scott (writer)
Raptr	author	Dennis Fong
Ghostgirl	author	Tonya Hurley
Marvin's Room (play)	author	Scott McPherson
Winnie-the-Pooh	author	A. A. Milne
Thieves' Carnival	author	Jean Anouilh
Tess of the D'Urbervilles (TV serial)	author	David Nicholls (writer)
The Cyborg from Earth	author	Charles Sheffield
Sunnyside (novel)	author	Glen David Gold
The Unusual Life of Tristan Smith	author	Peter Carey (novelist)
Romanno Bridge	author	Andrew Greig
The Gadget (2001 novel)	author	Paul Zindel
Be Like Water	author	Dan Kwong
The Door Through Space	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion	author	Pyotr Rachkovsky
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion	author	Sir John Retcliffe
The Protocols of the Elders of Zion	author	Maurice Joly
Up and Down the Scratchy Mountains	author	Laurel Snyder
Angler: The Cheney Vice Presidency	author	Barton Gellman
Shadow of a Dark Queen	author	Raymond E. Feist
Equal Affections	author	David Leavitt
Woman Hollering Creek and Other Stories	author	Sandra Cisneros
I'll Take You There (novel)	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Kiss of Death	author	Marcus Sedgwick
And Another Thing... (novel)	author	Eoin Colfer
The Crossing of Ingo	author	Helen Dunmore
Diaries of an Internet Lover	author	Dawn Porter
Knol	author	Google
Babouk	author	Guy Endore
Catherine (1986 TV series)	author	Juliette Benzoni
Good Sports	author	Monica Johnson
Good Sports	author	Russ Woody
Good Sports	author	Ron Zimmerman
Good Sports	author	Alan Zweibel
More Information Than You Require	author	John Hodgman
Travels (book)	author	Michael Crichton
Truculentus	author	Plautus
Swift and Shift Couriers	author	Paul Fenech
The Forbidden Tower	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Blood of Dreams	author	Susan Parisi
Swords & Spells	author	Gary Gygax
Yogi Bear's All Star Comedy Christmas Caper	author	Mark Evanier
A Great Wall: Six Presidents and China	author	Patrick Tyler
The Keeper's Price	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Sword of Chaos	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Blankety Blank: A Memoir of Vulgaria	author	D. Harlan Wilson
JBoss Developer Studio	author	JBoss application server
The Wrong Doyle	author	Robert Girardi
Belchamber	author	Howard Sturgis
The Exception to the Rulers	author	Amy Goodman
Madeleine's Ghost	author	Robert Girardi
The Pirate's Daughter: A Novel of Adventure	author	Robert Girardi
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Second Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
Trinummus	author	Plautus
The Jolly Postman	author	Janet and Allan Ahlberg
The Jolly Postman	author	Janet and Allan Ahlberg
Trimalchio's Feast and other mini-mysteries	author	Caroline Lawrence
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Fourteenth Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twelfth Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
Random Acts of Heroic Love	author	Danny Scheinmann
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Ninth Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Seventh Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
A Vaudeville of Devils: Seven Moral Tales	author	Robert Girardi
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Sixth Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
Thendara House	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Hemingses of Monticello: An American Family	author	Annette Gordon-Reed
The Killing Star	author	Charles R. Pellegrino
The Killing Star	author	George Zebrowski
The Storm (play)	author	Alexander Ostrovsky
Empress Bianca	author	Lady Colin Campbell
Jesus of Nazareth (book)	author	Pope Benedict XVI
Worlds of the Imperium	author	Keith Laumer
A Massive Swelling	author	Cintra Wilson
The Fabled Fourth Graders of Aesop Elementary School	author	Candace Fleming
Baking With Julia	author	Julia Child
Baking With Julia	author	Dorie Greenspan
City of Sorcery	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The Bourne Deception	author	Robert Ludlum
The Bourne Deception	author	Eric Van Lustbader
Free Amazons of Darkover	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Dreaming Metal	author	Melissa Scott (writer)
The Politics of Change	author	Dennis W. Chiu
The Other Side of the Mirror (anthology)	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Prisons We Choose to Live Inside	author	Doris Lessing
The Children's Hospital	author	Chris Adrian
The War in Eastern Europe	author	John Reed (journalist)
Chitralekha (novel)	author	Bhagwati Charan Verma
Dogger (book)	author	Shirley Hughes
Vaporetto 13: A Novel	author	Robert Girardi
Red Sun of Darkover	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Four Moons of Darkover	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Strength and Compassion	author	Eric Greitens
The New Adventures of Chor Lau-heung (2001 TV series)	author	Gu Long
The Littlest Hitler	author	Ryan Boudinot
The Malcontenta	author	Barry Maitland
A Bold Fresh Piece of Humanity: A Memoir	author	Bill O'Reilly (political commentator)
Inside Dope	author	Paul Thomas (writer)
Domains of Darkover	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Physicist and Christian	author	William G. Pollard
The Cat Who Had 60 Whiskers	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
The Story of Edgar Sawtelle	author	David Wroblewski
Dark Angel (Dale novel)	author	John Dale (writer)
The Fern Tattoo	author	David Brooks (author)
Mistborn: The Hero of Ages	author	Brandon Sanderson
Splat the Cat	author	Rob Scotton
Pro-Wres no Hoshi Aztecaser	author	Bunzo Wakatsuki
Kung Fu High School	author	Ryan Gattis
Sixty Lights	author	Gail Jones
Get Rich Quick (novel)	author	Peter Doyle (writer)
Dropbox (service)	author	Drew Houston
Without Warning (novel)	author	John Birmingham
Liver: A Fictional Organ with a Surface Anatomy of Four Lobes	author	Will Self
Body Double (novel)	author	Tess Gerritsen
Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set	author	John Eric Holmes
Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set	author	Gary Gygax
Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set	author	Dave Arneson
Gone to the Dogs	author	Emily Carmichael
Lulu Atlantis and the Quest for True Blue Love	author	Patricia Martin
Doors Open	author	Ian Rankin
A Cool Head	author	Ian Rankin
Zen Shorts	author	Jon J Muth
The Other Side of the Frontier	author	Henry Reynolds (historian)
Red as Blood, or Tales from the Sisters Grimmer	author	Tanith Lee
Battle Hawk	author	Yasutaka Nagai
Twentysix Gasoline Stations	author	Edward Ruscha
An Appeal to Reason	author	Nigel Lawson
Cuéntame cómo pasó	author	Alberto Macías
Lassie Come-Home	author	Eric Knight
Book of Haikus	author	Jack Kerouac
Tomorrow, When the War Began	author	John Marsden (writer)
Amphitryon (play)	author	Plautus
The Birth of the Clinic	author	Michel Foucault
Jennie Gerhardt	author	Theodore Dreiser
The Art of the Engine Driver	author	Steven Carroll
The Gift of Speed	author	Steven Carroll
Home (novel)	author	Marilynne Robinson
Spade Cooley's Western Swing Song Folio	author	Spade Cooley
The Glitch in Sleep	author	John Hulme
Conditions of Faith	author	Alex Miller (writer)
Prochownik's Dream	author	Alex Miller (writer)
Queers in History	author	Keith Stern
The Apprentice (Gerritsen novel)	author	Tess Gerritsen
COLOURlovers	author	Darius A. Monsef IV
After the Empire: The Breakdown of the American Order	author	Emmanuel Todd
The Gay Parisienne	author	George Dance (dramatist)
WhosHere	author	MyRete
Amaze Your Friends	author	Peter Doyle (writer)
Last Drinks	author	Andrew McGahan
Twist (stage play)	author	Miles Tredinnick
Ajax4jsf	author	Exadel
Ajax4jsf	author	JBoss (company)
Dark Calling (novel)	author	Darren Shan
Diamonds (musical)	author	Bud Abbott
Diamonds (musical)	author	Ralph G. Allen
Diamonds (musical)	author	Roy Blount, Jr.
Diamonds (musical)	author	Richard Camp
Diamonds (musical)	author	Jerry L. Crawford
Diamonds (musical)	author	Lou Costello
Diamonds (musical)	author	Lee Eisenberg
Diamonds (musical)	author	Sean Kelly (writer)
Diamonds (musical)	author	Jim Wann
Diamonds (musical)	author	John Lahr
Diamonds (musical)	author	Arthur Masella
Diamonds (musical)	author	John Weidman
Diamonds (musical)	author	Alan Zweibel
Me and Maxx	author	Neil Rosen
Me and Maxx	author	George Tricker
Me and Maxx	author	Stan Cutler
Me and Maxx	author	James Komack
Saratoga Trunk (novel)	author	Edna Ferber
Zhuangzi (book)	author	Zhuangzi
The Twinkie Squad	author	Gordon Korman
Death Delights	author	Gabrielle Lord
Into the Looking Glass	author	John Ringo
Appaloosa (novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Dear Daddy	author	Denis Cannan
Encyclopedia of Cryptography and Security	author	Eindhoven University of Technology
The Fire that Consumes	author	Henry de Montherlant
The Fire that Consumes	author	Vivian A. Cox
The Fire that Consumes	author	Bernard Miles
A Thousand Days (book)	author	Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr.
An Inconvenient Woman	author	Dominick Dunne
Summer Brave	author	William Inge
The Absence of War	author	David Hare (playwright)
The Bottle Factory Outing	author	Beryl Bainbridge
The Split Second	author	John Hulme
Miles Gloriosus (play)	author	Plautus
Cruel Zinc Melodies	author	Glen Cook
The Lions of Lucerne (novel)	author	Brad Thor
The Low Road	author	Chris Womersley
Cassina Gambrel Was Missing	author	William Watkins
Coffee, Tea or Me?	author	Trudy Baker
Coffee, Tea or Me?	author	Rachel Jones (writer)
Coffee, Tea or Me?	author	Donald Bain (writer)
The First Death	author	Dimitris Lyacos
Master of Whitestorm	author	Janny Wurts
Ziegfeld Follies of 1936	author	Ira Gershwin
Ziegfeld Follies of 1936	author	David Freedman
Kittie Party	author	Shobhaa De
The Painted Man	author	Peter V. Brett
Stranglers' Moon	author	Stephen Goldin
The Golden City (novel)	author	John Twelve Hawks
Crook as Rookwood	author	Chris Nyst
Degrees of Connection	author	Jon Cleary
The Garden Book	author	Brian Castro
The Buddhism Palm Strikes Back	author	Wong Yuk-long
Longleg (novel)	author	Glenda Adams
The Sound of One Hand Clapping	author	Richard Flanagan
Techmeme	author	Gabe Rivera (Techmeme)
Death of a River Guide	author	Richard Flanagan
The Gone-Away World	author	Nick Harkaway
Long War Journal	author	Bill Roggio
Women as Demons: The Male Perception of Women through Space and Time	author	Tanith Lee
Nightshades: Thirteen Journeys Into Shadow	author	Tanith Lee
The Lincoln Hunters	author	Wilson Tucker
Bengali film directory	author	Ansu Sur
Flying Blind, Flying Safe	author	Mary Schiavo
The Longest Memory	author	Fred D'Aguiar
Anatomy of the Spirit	author	Caroline Myss
Another City, Not My Own	author	Dominick Dunne
Splendours of Royal Mysore	author	Vikram Sampath
Whispers in the Graveyard	author	Theresa Breslin
Tenchijin	author	Eriko Komatsu
Gold Diggers (novel)	author	Tasmina Perry
Daddy's Girl (novel)	author	Tasmina Perry
Passion's Promise	author	Danielle Steel
Goodnight Children Everywhere	author	Richard Nelson (playwright)
Moomin	author	Tove Jansson
Lolita	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Beethoven Virus	author	Hong Jin Ah
Beethoven Virus	author	Hong Ja Ram
Days and Nights of Love and War	author	Eduardo Galeano
For Rent One Grammy One Gramps	author	Ivy Duffy Doherty
The Garden of the Gods	author	Gerald Durrell
Future Primitive and Other Essays	author	John Zerzan
The Extra Mile (story collection)	author	Ivy Duffy Doherty
Kingdom Keepers II: Disney at Dawn	author	Ridley Pearson
Lipstick (TV series)	author	Shobhaa De
Morelia (telenovela)	author	Delia Fiallo
The Commissar Vanishes	author	David King
From Bakunin to Lacan	author	Saul Newman
Les liaisons dangereuses (play)	author	Christopher Hampton
The Third Option	author	Vince Flynn
The Story of Egmo	author	Ben Cormack
The Ambassador's Mission	author	Trudi Canavan
Universal Edit Button	author	WikiHow
Seeds of Change: Five Plants That Transformed Mankind	author	Henry Hobhouse (author)
Necessary Heartbreak	author	M. J. Sullivan
The Army of the Republic	author	Stuart Archer Cohen
A Darker Domain	author	Val McDermid
Expiration Date (novel)	author	Tim Powers
Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show	author	Orson Scott Card
Before I Die	author	Jenny Downham
Cecily G. and the Nine Monkeys	author	H. A. Rey
Minor Tactics of the Chalk Stream	author	George Edward MacKenzie Skues
Ready or Not (novel)	author	Meg Cabot
January (novel)	author	Daniel Parker
The Charioteer of Delphi	author	Caroline Lawrence
The Lost Dog	author	Michelle de Kretser
The Way of a Trout with the Fly	author	George Edward MacKenzie Skues
Le Procès-Verbal	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Gens des nuages	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Vers les icebergs (Essai sur Henri Michaux)	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
The Sky Is Falling (1989 novel)	author	Kit Pearson
Diego et Frida	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Fire Study	author	Maria V. Snyder
The Race (novel)	author	Richard North Patterson
Chotti Bahu - Sindoor Bin Suhagan	author	S. Manasvi
The Last Days (Australian novel)	author	Andrew Masterson
The Second Coming (Australian novel)	author	Andrew Masterson
The Tax Inspector	author	Peter Carey (novelist)
Moral Hazard (novel)	author	Kate Jennings
The Wordy Shipmates	author	Sarah Vowell
The Secrets of Harry Bright (novel)	author	Joseph Wambaugh
Polaris (novel)	author	Jack McDevitt
Omega (novel)	author	Jack McDevitt
Cookie (novel)	author	Jacqueline Wilson
La fièvre	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Le déluge	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Désert (novel)	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Mother Warriors	author	Jenny McCarthy
Big Bad Mouse	author	Philip King (playwright)
Three Little Dreams	author	Thomas Aquinas Maguire
Vytor: The Starfire Champion	author	Marc Handler
Curculio (play)	author	Plautus
Buyology – Truth and Lies About Why We Buy	author	Martin Lindstrom
American Beauty (Edna Ferber novel)	author	Edna Ferber
The Whole Truth (novel)	author	David Baldacci
Joined-Up Thinking	author	Stevyn Colgan
Stinkfoot, a Comic Opera	author	Ki Longfellow
A Life of Contrasts	author	Diana Mitford
Dirty Sally	author	Leonard Katzman
Dirty Sally	author	John Mantley
Dirty Sally	author	Denver Pyle
The Dragon Lord	author	David Drake
Damned Good Show	author	Derek Robinson (novelist)
Wagner (miniseries)	author	Charles Wood
The Crouches	author	Ian Pattison
Project Darkstar	author	Sun Microsystems
Sleepovers (book)	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Aramis, or the Love of Technology	author	Bruno Latour
Beyond the Devil's Teeth	author	Tahir Shah
Minnie and Moo: Will You Be My Valentine?	author	Denys Cazet
In Search of King Solomon's Mines	author	Tahir Shah
Against His-Story, Against Leviathan	author	Fredy Perlman
Jewels from the Moon	author	Eleanor Cameron
ROS (Robot Operating System)	author	Willow Garage
ROS (Robot Operating System)	author	Stanford University Centers and Institutes
The Line (memoir)	author	Martin Flanagan (journalist)
In Arabian Nights	author	Tahir Shah
The Caliph's House	author	Tahir Shah
Trail of Feathers	author	Tahir Shah
The Middle East Bedside Book	author	Tahir Shah
House of the Tiger King	author	Tahir Shah
Cultural Research	author	Tahir Shah
Out Where the West Begins	author	Arthur Chapman (poet)
Dungeons & Dragons Rules Cyclopedia	author	Aaron Allston
Dungeons & Dragons Rules Cyclopedia	author	Steven Schend
Dungeons & Dragons Rules Cyclopedia	author	Jon Pickens
Face Value (book)	author	Jani Allan
Invisible!	author	Robert Swindells
Onitsha (novel)	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
The Way I Am (book)	author	Eminem
Things That Are	author	Andrew Clements
Point of Origin (novel)	author	Patricia Cornwell
Confederates (novel)	author	Thomas Keneally
An Angel in Australia	author	Thomas Keneally
The Widow and Her Hero	author	Thomas Keneally
Between Two Rivers	author	Nicholas Rinaldi
Watch You Bleed: The Saga of Guns N' Roses	author	Stephen Davis (music journalist)
A Good Hanging and Other Stories	author	Ian Rankin
The Presence: A Ghost Story	author	Eve Bunting
The Whiskey Rebels	author	David Liss
Review with Myles Barlow	author	Phil Lloyd
Review with Myles Barlow	author	Trent O'Donnell
Basic Palaeontology	author	Michael Benton
Basic Palaeontology	author	David A.T. Harper
The Last Egyptian	author	L. Frank Baum
Gaslight Grimoire	author	David Stuart Davies
Gaslight Grimoire	author	Barbara Hambly
Gaslight Grimoire	author	Christopher Sequeira
The Brass Verdict	author	Michael Connelly
Terra Amata (novel)	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Calm at Sunset, Calm at Dawn	author	Paul Watkins (novelist)
Just Me and My Dad	author	Mercer Mayer
The Fruits of Enlightenment	author	Leo Tolstoy
My Life in Orange	author	Tim Guest
Early Autumn (Robert B. Parker novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Floating Flies and How to Dress Them	author	Frederic M. Halford
Prehistoric Digital Poetry	author	Chris Funkhouser
Catch Me if You Can (book)	author	Frank Abagnale
Tim the Tiny Horse At Large	author	Harry Hill
Infinite Loop (book)	author	Michael S. Malone
Burn Rate	author	Michael Wolff (journalist)
A Real Basket Case	author	Beth Groundwater
The Sufis	author	Idries Shah
And a body to remember with	author	Carmen Rodríguez
The Insensitive Princess	author	Michel Ocelot
Poop: A Natural History of the Unmentionable	author	Nicola Davies
The Truth About Poop	author	Susan Goodman
Flush!: The Scoop on Poop throughout the Ages	author	Charise Mericle Harper
The Earth, My Butt, and Other Big Round Things	author	Carolyn Mackler
The Wide Country	author	Alan Le May
Winterdance: The Fine Madness of Running the Iditarod	author	Gary Paulsen
Payback: Debt and the Shadow Side of Wealth	author	Margaret Atwood
Italian Lessons	author	Peter Pezzelli
Twine (website)	author	Radar Networks
The Way of the Sufi	author	Idries Shah
The Sandman (book)	author	Ralph Fletcher
Francesca's Kitchen	author	Peter Pezzelli
Underfist: Halloween Bash	author	Maxwell Atoms
The Winds of Darkover	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
The World Wreckers	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Tracey Takes On... (book)	author	Tracey Ullman
The One O'Clock Chop	author	Ralph Fletcher
Apartment 255	author	Bunty Avieson
The Snow Leopard	author	Peter Matthiessen
The Two Faces of January	author	Patricia Highsmith
The Story of the Latter-day Saints	author	James B. Allen (historian)
The Story of the Latter-day Saints	author	Glen M. Leonard
Grandpa Never Lies	author	Ralph Fletcher
Tomorrow Wendy	author	Shelley Stoehr
Renunciates of Darkover	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Leroni of Darkover	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Towers of Darkover	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Marion Zimmer Bradley's Darkover	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Privates on Parade	author	Peter Nichols
The Circus Surprise	author	Ralph Fletcher
Twilight Comes Twice	author	Ralph Fletcher
Time to Say Hello	author	Katherine Jenkins
Music from Words	author	Marc Jampole
Tales of Three Planets	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Hollywood Undercover	author	Ian Halperin
William's Crowded Hours	author	Richmal Crompton
William the Outlaw	author	Richmal Crompton
Still William	author	Richmal Crompton
William and The Brains Trust	author	Richmal Crompton
William Carries On	author	Richmal Crompton
The Heiress (play)	author	Ruth Goetz
The Heiress (play)	author	Augustus Goetz
Snows of Darkover	author	Marion Zimmer Bradley
Soldiers Sortie	author	Lan Xiaolong
Murder and Magic	author	Randall Garrett
Lord Darcy Investigates	author	Randall Garrett
Longitude (TV series)	author	Charles Sturridge
Longitude (TV series)	author	Dava Sobel
Caine Black Knife	author	Matthew Stover
Trust Me (TV series)	author	Peter Noah
The Legend of the Book and the Sword (1976 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Hard Rock Miner's Handbook	author	Jack de la Vergne
Glynis	author	Tom Adair
Glynis	author	James B. Allardice
Glynis	author	Jess Oppenheimer
The Clay Marble	author	Minfong Ho
Man in the Dark (novel)	author	Paul Auster
Sea of Poppies	author	Amitav Ghosh
The Lucky One (novel)	author	Nicholas Sparks (author)
Fool (novel)	author	Christopher Moore (author)
Escape to the Hills	author	James Chapman
Escape to the Hills	author	Silliman University#Organizations
A Purple Place for Dying	author	John D. MacDonald
The Quick Red Fox	author	John D. MacDonald
Candystand	author	Nabisco
Their Dogs Came with Them	author	Helena Maria Viramontes
The Greatest Show on Earth (TV series)	author	Bob Rafelson
Captain Nemo: The Fantastic History of a Dark Genius	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Yaprak Dökümü	author	Reşat Nuri Güntekin
The Children's Bach	author	Helen Garner
A Walk to Remember (novel)	author	Nicholas Sparks (author)
Saving Milly	author	Mort Kondracke
Saving Milly	author	Jeff Arch
The Shadow Speaker	author	Nnedi Okorafor
A Deadly Shade of Gold	author	John D. MacDonald
Bright Orange for the Shroud	author	John D. MacDonald
Nights in Rodanthe (novel)	author	Nicholas Sparks (author)
Going My Way (TV series)	author	Richard L. Bare
Tales of Magic and Mystery	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Darker than Amber	author	John D. MacDonald
The Great Ghost Rescue	author	Eva Ibbotson
Storm Catchers	author	Tim Bowler
Fred Figglehorn  Fred   1	author	Lucas Cruikshank
In Love with Barbara	author	Jacquetta May
The Legend of the Condor Heroes (1994 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
One Fearful Yellow Eye	author	John D. MacDonald
The Mass Psychology of Fascism	author	Wilhelm Reich
Pale Gray for Guilt	author	John D. MacDonald
Florida's Shipwrecks	author	Michael C. Barnette
Loving Frank	author	Nancy Horan
The Girl in the Plain Brown Wrapper	author	John D. MacDonald
Dress Her in Indigo	author	John D. MacDonald
The Long Lavender Look	author	John D. MacDonald
The Elegance of the Hedgehog	author	Muriel Barbery
Between the Assassinations	author	Aravind Adiga
Come Clean (novel)	author	Terri Paddock
Birds of the World: Recommended English Names	author	Frank Gill (ornithologist)
Play of the Week	author	Jean Anouilh
Play of the Week	author	Graham Greene
Play of the Week	author	Lucienne Hill
Play of the Week	author	Eugene O'Neill
Nightchild	author	James Barclay
Blue Moon Rising	author	Simon R. Green
Back (novel)	author	Henry Green
The Sable Quean	author	Brian Jacques
Icarus at the Edge of Time	author	Brian Greene
List of Recent Holarctic Bird Species	author	Karel Voous
The Choice (book)	author	Eliyahu M. Goldratt
Edges (musical)	author	Pasek and Paul
Edges (musical)	author	Justin Paul
The Best War Ever	author	Michael C. C. Adams
Cathedral of the Sea	author	Ildefonso Falcones
Novelas ejemplares	author	Miguel de Cervantes
Rise and Resurrection of the American Programmer	author	Edward Yourdon
Wonderland (novel)	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Lady of the Shroud	author	Bram Stoker
Iron City (novel)	author	Lloyd L. Brown
The Zoya Factor	author	Anuja Chauhan
The Unforgiving Wind	author	John Harris (novelist)
The Man-Eater	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
A Tan and Sandy Silence	author	John D. MacDonald
The Scarlet Ruse	author	John D. MacDonald
The Turquoise Lament	author	John D. MacDonald
The Dreadful Lemon Sky	author	John D. MacDonald
The Empty Copper Sea	author	John D. MacDonald
Free Fall in Crimson	author	John D. MacDonald
The Test (novel)	author	Mary Tappan Wright
Cinnamon Skin	author	John D. MacDonald
The Shadow Factory	author	James Bamford
K (Kylie Minogue book)	author	Kylie Minogue
K (Kylie Minogue book)	author	William Baker (fashion designer)
Burning Valley	author	Phillip Bonosky
Magic Fern (novel)	author	Phillip Bonosky
The Last Olympian	author	Rick Riordan
The Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain (1985 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Wicked Witch of Oz	author	Rachel Cosgrove Payes
The Rundelstone of Oz	author	Eloise McGraw
Letters from a Father to His Daughter	author	Jawaharlal Nehru
Omega: The Last Days of the World	author	Camille Flammarion
Wittgenstein's Nephew	author	Thomas Bernhard
The Sleeping Mountain	author	John Harris (novelist)
Blood on the Forge	author	William Attaway
The Lonely Voyage	author	John Harris (novelist)
The Valley of Decision (novel)	author	Marcia Davenport
Frost (novel)	author	Thomas Bernhard
He Knew He Was Right (TV serial)	author	Andrew Davies (writer)
The Last Chicken in America	author	Ellen Litman
Correction (novel)	author	Thomas Bernhard
When We Get There	author	Shauna Seliy
The Forest and the Fort	author	Hervey Allen
Occupation (TV serial)	author	Peter Bowker
The Iron Woman (novel)	author	Margaret Deland
Government.no	author	Politics of Norway
Clouded Hills	author	Elizabeth Moorhead
Something Rotten (novel)	author	Alan Gratz
World Tales	author	Idries Shah
Alternate Presidents	author	Mike Resnick
Sidney (novel)	author	Margaret Deland
Philip and His Wife	author	Margaret Deland
The Copper Beech	author	Maeve Binchy
The New Adventures of Pinocchio (1960 TV program)	author	Jules Bass
The New Adventures of Pinocchio (1960 TV program)	author	Arthur Rankin, Jr.
The Blood Confession	author	Alisa M. Libby
Paradox in Oz	author	Edward Einhorn
Brainwashing: The Science of Thought Control	author	Kathleen Taylor
A Fish Out of Water (book)	author	Helen Palmer Geisel
Martha Speaks (book)	author	Susan Meddaugh
Policeman Bluejay	author	L. Frank Baum
Resistance: The Gathering Storm	author	William C. Dietz
Dividing the Estate	author	Horton Foote
Longitude (book)	author	Dava Sobel
The Loser	author	Thomas Bernhard
Shadow Wave	author	Robert Muchamore
The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing, Traitor to the Nation, Volume II: The Kingdom on the Waves	author	Matthew Tobin Anderson
The Myth of Male Power	author	Warren Farrell
The Believers (novel)	author	Zoë Heller
The ABC of Communism	author	Nikolai Bukharin
The ABC of Communism	author	Yevgeni Preobrazhensky
Ole Doc Methuselah	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Maramar Deuta	author	Bhabendra Nath Saikia
Minimanual of the Urban Guerrilla	author	Carlos Marighella
A Case of Exploding Mangoes	author	Mohammed Hanif
Adored (novel)	author	Cecily von Ziegesar
The American Future: A History	author	Simon Schama
The Philosopher's Pupil	author	Iris Murdoch
The Giant Garden of Oz	author	Eric Shanower
Fire and Fame	author	Joerg Deisinger
Fire and Fame	author	Carl Begai
Where There is No Doctor	author	David Werner
Woodcutters (novel)	author	Thomas Bernhard
The Lime Works	author	Thomas Bernhard
Home (Mirbeau)	author	Octave Mirbeau
The Duchess of Windsor	author	Diana Mitford
Castle Storm	author	Garry Kilworth
Sword Stained with Royal Blood (1985 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Awakening of Helena Richie	author	Margaret Deland
The Rising Tide (1916 novel)	author	Margaret Deland
Gargoyles (novel)	author	Thomas Bernhard
Extinction (1995 novel)	author	Thomas Bernhard
Elegy for Sam Emerson	author	Hilary Masters
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Odyssey	author	Michael P. Kube-McDowell
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Suspicion	author	Mike McQuay
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Cyborg	author	William F. Wu
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Prodigy	author	Arthur Byron Cover
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Refuge	author	Rob Chilson
Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Perihelion	author	William F. Wu
On the Mountain	author	Thomas Bernhard
Harry, A History	author	Melissa Anelli
Handling the Undead	author	John Ajvide Lindqvist
Taken (novel)	author	Kathleen George
The Crimson Labyrinth	author	Yusuke Kishi
Yes (novel)	author	Thomas Bernhard
Consuming Passion	author	Emma Frost (writer)
The Mardi Gras Mystery	author	Carolyn Keene
Grave Descend	author	Michael Crichton
Drug of Choice	author	Michael Crichton
Dealing: Or the Berkeley-to-Boston Forty-Brick Lost-Bag Blues	author	Michael Crichton
Jasper Johns (book)	author	Michael Crichton
Fallen (novel)	author	Kathleen George
Five on Kirrin Island Again	author	Enid Blyton
Five Go Off to Camp	author	Enid Blyton
Five Get Into Trouble	author	Enid Blyton
Five Fall Into Adventure	author	Enid Blyton
Five on a Hike Together	author	Enid Blyton
Five Have Plenty of Fun	author	Enid Blyton
Five on a Secret Trail	author	Enid Blyton
Five Go to Billycock Hill	author	Enid Blyton
Five on Finniston Farm	author	Enid Blyton
Five Go to Demon's Rocks	author	Enid Blyton
Five Have a Mystery to Solve	author	Enid Blyton
Boobs! The Musical	author	Steve Mackes
Boobs! The Musical	author	Michael Whaley
Not Meant to Be    1	author	Kara DioGuardi
Not Meant to Be    1	author	Theory of a Deadman
Not Meant to Be    1	author	Theory of a Deadman
Apple Writer	author	Paul Lutus
Fat Chance (Lesléa Newman novel)	author	Lesléa Newman
The Bumblebee Flies Anyway (novel)	author	Robert Cormier
Afterimage (novel)	author	Kathleen George
The Voyage of the Snake Lady	author	Theresa Tomlinson
The Gypsies (poem)	author	Alexander Pushkin
In the Middle of the Night (novel)	author	Robert Cormier
The Hunger Games	author	Suzanne Collins
Affluenza: When Too Much is Never Enough	author	Clive Hamilton
Affluenza: When Too Much is Never Enough	author	Richard Denniss
White Like Me	author	Tim Wise
Kabhie To Nazar Milao	author	Reshma Khan Kidwai
Farces et moralités	author	Octave Mirbeau
Golokdham Rahasya	author	Satyajit Ray
Take Me Where the Good Times Are	author	Robert Cormier
The Fall-Down Artist	author	Thomas Lipinski
A Picture of Her Tombstone	author	Thomas Lipinski
Steel City Confessions	author	Thomas Lipinski
The Cheyenne Indians: Their History and Lifeways	author	George Bird Grinnell
Arka Sokaklar	author	Ahmet Yurdakul
Arka Sokaklar	author	Ozan Yurdakul
Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaedia	author	Jean Schneider
Death in the Steel City	author	Thomas Lipinski
The Bugis	author	Christian Pelras
Acapulco (TV series)	author	Gene L. Coon
Please Plant This Book	author	Richard Brautigan
The Hidden Prince of Oz	author	Gina Wickwar
Once Upon a Midnight	author	Alex Vickery-Howe
A Woman in Love and War: Vera Brittain	author	Vera Brittain
Swallowing Darkness	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Pyjamas (software)	author	Google
Detour for Emmy	author	Marilyn Reynolds
Sainsbury's Online	author	Sainsbury's
Flickan vid stenbänken	author	Maria Gripe
Black Cocktail	author	Jonathan Carroll
Adams of Eagle Lake	author	John Michael Hayes
India's Ancient Past	author	Ram Sharan Sharma
Indian Feudalism (book)	author	Ram Sharan Sharma
State by State	author	Sean Wilsey
Non-Nuclear Futures	author	Amory Lovins
Non-Nuclear Futures	author	John H. Price
Four Days in June	author	Iain Gale
Darkhouse	author	Alex Barclay
Verbicide Magazine	author	Jackson Ellis
Anarchy Alive!	author	Uri Gordon
Disquiet Heart	author	Randall Silvis
One for Sorrow (novel)	author	Christopher Barzak
Through Black Spruce	author	Joseph Boyden
Mercator (play)	author	Plautus
The Ballad of Matthew's Begats	author	Andrew Peterson (musician)
The Forbidden Fountain of Oz	author	Eloise McGraw
A House is Built	author	M. Barnard Eldershaw
Return of the Brute	author	Liam O'Flaherty
Science and Religion: Some Historical Perspectives	author	John Hedley Brooke
BASIC Computer Games	author	David H. Ahl
The Story Bible	author	Pearl S. Buck
Krondor: The Betrayal	author	Raymond E. Feist
The Via Veneto Papers	author	Ennio Flaiano
Stover at Yale	author	Owen Johnson
Steel Ashes	author	Karen Rose Cercone
Star Trek Spaceflight Chronology	author	Stan Goldstein
Star Trek Spaceflight Chronology	author	Fred Goldstein
Underdark (supplement)	author	Bruce Cordell
Blood Tracks	author	Karen Rose Cercone
Coal Bones	author	Karen Rose Cercone
Autism's False Prophets	author	Paul Offit
The Latimers	author	Henry Christopher McCook
The Delectable Country	author	Leland Baldwin
Coming Home (novel)	author	Lester Cohen
Archform: Beauty	author	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
The Unknown Witches of Oz	author	Dave Hardenbrook
Two Cities (novel)	author	John Edgar Wideman
Sum (book)	author	David Eagleman
Reuben (novel)	author	John Edgar Wideman
Hiding Place (novel)	author	John Edgar Wideman
Sent for You Yesterday	author	John Edgar Wideman
The Case of Jennie Brice	author	Mary Roberts Rinehart
Death of a Cad	author	Marion Chesney
Agatha Raisin and the Quiche of Death	author	Marion Chesney
102 Minutes: The Untold Story of the Fight to Survive Inside the Twin Towers	author	Jim Dwyer (journalist)
102 Minutes: The Untold Story of the Fight to Survive Inside the Twin Towers	author	Kevin Flynn (journalist)
The Contender (Robert Lipsyte novel)	author	Robert Lipsyte
Mrs. G. Goes to College	author	James B. Allardice
The Ozmapolitan of Oz	author	Dick Martin (artist)
Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln	author	Doris Kearns Goodwin
Keepers of the Sun	author	Laurence James
Petals of Blood	author	Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o
Ahead of the Curve	author	Philip Delves Broughton
Eunoia (book)	author	Christian Bök
Fleeting Rome	author	Carlo Levi
The King's Orchard	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
Remember the End	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
Murder in Amityville	author	Hans Holzer
The Day Must Dawn	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
The Rolling Years	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
The Gown of Glory	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
The Nightingale (novel)	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
Outliers (book)	author	Malcolm Gladwell
The Richlands	author	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
Black Fury (novel)	author	Michael Musmanno
Bing Crosby's Last Song	author	Lester Goran
The Paratrooper of Mechanic Avenue	author	Lester Goran
Maria Light	author	Lester Goran
About Us (novel)	author	Chester Aaron
The Persistent Image	author	Gladys Schmitt
Venice for Lovers	author	Louis Begley
Venice for Lovers	author	Anka Muhlstein
Death at the Bar	author	Ngaio Marsh
Final Curtain	author	Ngaio Marsh
The Nursing Home Murder	author	Ngaio Marsh
The Phoenix Unchained	author	Mercedes Lackey
The Phoenix Unchained	author	James Mallory (author)
Akai Ito (TV series)	author	Ritsuko Hanzawa
Akai Ito (TV series)	author	Chiho Watanabe
Field Notes from a Catastrophe	author	Elizabeth Kolbert
Father Goose: His Book	author	L. Frank Baum
Big Coal: The Dirty Secret Behind America's Energy Future	author	Jeff Goodell
The Sword of the Lady	author	S. M. Stirling
Late Show Fun Facts (book)	author	David Letterman
The Tempering	author	Gloria Skurzynski
Death of an Outsider	author	Marion Chesney
Good-bye, Billy Radish	author	Gloria Skurzynski
Mr. Monk is Miserable	author	Lee Goldberg
Covering: The Hidden Assault on Our Civil Rights	author	Kenji Yoshino
By Night In Chile	author	Roberto Bolaño
Kairo-kō	author	Natsume Sōseki
The Gladiators from Capua	author	Caroline Lawrence
By the Candelabra's Glare	author	L. Frank Baum
Forgotten Mountain	author	Milisav Popović
The Rocksburg Railroad Murders	author	K. C. Constantine
The Pale Criminal	author	Philip Kerr
Tom Playfair	author	Francis J. Finn
The Man Who Liked to Look at Himself	author	K. C. Constantine
The Blank Page (novel)	author	K. C. Constantine
The Hunger and Other Stories	author	Charles Beaumont
Nazi Literature in the Americas	author	Roberto Bolaño
Yonder	author	Charles Beaumont
A Fix Like This	author	K. C. Constantine
The Man Who Liked Slow Tomatoes	author	K. C. Constantine
Distant Star	author	Roberto Bolaño
Last Evenings on Earth	author	Roberto Bolaño
Father Goose's Year Book	author	L. Frank Baum
The Romantic Dogs	author	Roberto Bolaño
Multiculturalism without Culture	author	Anne Phillips
Other People's Children (TV series)	author	Joanna Trollope
The Lost Queen	author	Frewin Jones
L. Frank Baum's Juvenile Speaker	author	L. Frank Baum
Canada 98	author	Charles Israel
Canada 98	author	Hugh Kemp
Canada 98	author	Scott Young (writer)
Canada 98	author	Clement Perron
Canada 98	author	Don Erickson
Canada 98	author	Ben Maartman
Canada 98	author	David Fulton (writer)
Canada 98	author	Max Ferguson
Always a Body To Trade	author	K. C. Constantine
Upon Some Midnights Clear	author	K. C. Constantine
Joey's Case	author	K. C. Constantine
Sunshine Enemies	author	K. C. Constantine
The Sign of the Chrysanthemum	author	Katherine Paterson
Bottom Liner Blues	author	K. C. Constantine
Of Nightingales That Weep	author	Katherine Paterson
Amityville: The Final Chapter	author	John G. Jones
GE True	author	Harold Jack Bloom
GE True	author	Dean Riesner
A Heart So White	author	Javier Marías
Dark Back of Time	author	Javier Marías
Tomorrow in the Battle Think on Me	author	Javier Marías
Written Lives	author	Javier Marías
The Master Puppeteer	author	Katherine Paterson
Your Face Tomorrow Volume 2: Dance and Dream	author	Javier Marías
Rebels of the Heavenly Kingdom	author	Katherine Paterson
Your Face Tomorrow Volume 1: Fever and Spear	author	Javier Marías
When I Was Mortal	author	Javier Marías
Hello, Harvest Moon	author	Ralph Fletcher
Blackthorn Winter	author	Kathryn Reiss
The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters	author	Charlotte Mosley
The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters	author	Deborah Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire
The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters	author	Diana Mitford
The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters	author	Jessica Mitford
The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters	author	Nancy Mitford
The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters	author	Unity Mitford
The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters	author	Mitford family
Cranks and Shadows	author	K. C. Constantine
Good Sons	author	K. C. Constantine
Family Values (novel)	author	K. C. Constantine
Madea's Family Reunion (play)	author	Tyler Perry
Brushback (novel)	author	K. C. Constantine
Uchronia: The Alternate History List	author	Robert B. Schmunk
Uchronia: The Alternate History List	author	Evelyn C. Leeper
Come Sing, Jimmy Jo	author	Katherine Paterson
Regenesis (novel)	author	C. J. Cherryh
Compulsion (television film)	author	Joshua St Johnston
Blood Mud	author	K. C. Constantine
Park's Quest	author	Katherine Paterson
Grievance (novel)	author	K. C. Constantine
Saving Room for Dessert	author	K. C. Constantine
Flip-Flop Girl	author	Katherine Paterson
The Five Greatest Warriors	author	Matthew Reilly
Three Golden Rivers	author	Olive Price
The Kill Artist	author	Daniel Silva (novelist)
Amityville: The Horror Returns	author	John G. Jones
Mr. Moto Is So Sorry	author	John P. Marquand
Everyday People (novel)	author	Stewart O'Nan
Eyo	author	Abidemi Sanusi
Mémoires de deux jeunes mariées	author	Honoré de Balzac
The Complex: How the Military Invades Our Everyday Lives	author	Nick Turse
Join the Impact	author	Amy Balliett
Jip, His Story	author	Katherine Paterson
Preacher's Boy	author	Katherine Paterson
Bread and Roses, Too	author	Katherine Paterson
The City of Love	author	Rimi B. Chatterjee
Greenhorn on the Frontier	author	Ann Finlayson
The Candy Butcher's Farewell	author	Lester Goran
The Stranger in the Snow	author	Lester Goran
Amulet (novel)	author	Roberto Bolaño
Sound of the Beast: The Complete Headbanging History of Heavy Metal	author	Ian Christe
The Enchanted Island of Oz	author	Ruth Plumly Thompson
The Last Holiday Concert	author	Andrew Clements
Fair Play (novel)	author	Tove Jansson
Wilderness Boy	author	Margery Evernden
Beggars Banquet (book)	author	Ian Rankin
O Desertor das Letras	author	Manuel Inácio da Silva Alvarenga
A Colbert Christmas: The Greatest Gift of All!	author	Stephen Colbert
A Colbert Christmas: The Greatest Gift of All!	author	Allison Silverman
A Colbert Christmas: The Greatest Gift of All!	author	David Javerbaum
A Colbert Christmas: The Greatest Gift of All!	author	Peter Gwinn
The Other Side of Truth	author	Beverley Naidoo
The Paradise Bargain	author	Betina Krahn
Sim Greene and Tom the Tinker's Men	author	Richard Taylor Wiley
Night of Power (novel)	author	Spider Robinson
Semper Mars	author	William H. Keith, Jr.
Up in the Air (novel)	author	Walter Kirn
Long Lost	author	Harlan Coben
The Hard Life	author	Brian O'Nolan
Hold Tight (novel)	author	Harlan Coben
Rethinking India's Past	author	Ram Sharan Sharma
The Flying Girl	author	L. Frank Baum
Mrs. Beautiful	author	Lester Goran
Hell's Heroes (novel)	author	Darren Shan
The Amityville Curse (book)	author	Hans Holzer
The Gates of Aulis	author	Gladys Schmitt
The Story of My Life (musical)	author	Brian Hill (author)
Philosophy: The Quest for Truth	author	Louis Pojman
A Bend in the Road	author	Nicholas Sparks (author)
The Last Town on Earth	author	Thomas Mullen (author)
Tunes for a Small Harmonica	author	Barbera Wersba
The Immigrants	author	Howard Fast
VDPAU	author	Nvidia
Flying Solo	author	Ralph Fletcher
Spider Boy (novel)	author	Ralph Fletcher
Home Is the Exile	author	Hilary Masters
La Bourse	author	Honoré de Balzac
Never Sorry	author	Edie Claire
Death or Canada	author	Craig Thompson (Canada)
Never Preach Past Noon	author	Edie Claire
Never Kissed Goodnight	author	Edie Claire
Never Tease a Siamese	author	Edie Claire
Inside Schwartz	author	William Kunstler
Inside Schwartz	author	Kevin Abbott
Inside Schwartz	author	Stephen Engel
Inside Schwartz	author	Michael Gannon
Inside Schwartz	author	John Hotchkiss
Inside Schwartz	author	Steve Leff
Inside Schwartz	author	Jeff Lovell
Inside Schwartz	author	Marc Sedaka
Caesar's Column	author	Ignatius L. Donnelly
Inherent Vice	author	Thomas Pynchon
Macaroni Boy	author	Katherine Ayres
Fig Pudding	author	Ralph Fletcher
The Hour of the Star	author	Clarice Lispector
The Daring Twins	author	L. Frank Baum
The World in Winter	author	Samuel Youd
Uncle Daddy	author	Ralph Fletcher
How to Live a Low-Carbon Life	author	Chris Goodall
Through the Eye of the Needle	author	William Dean Howells
Came Back to Show You I Could Fly	author	Robin Klein
Baifa Monü Zhuan	author	Liang Yusheng
The Chief Scouts' Advance Party Report	author	The Scout Association
Nana Upstairs & Nana Downstairs	author	Tomie dePaola
The Wilderness (novel)	author	James McHenry (novelist)
The Olympian (novel)	author	James Oppenheim
Silent Voices	author	Barbara Gorna
Little Wizard Stories of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
God's Helicopter	author	Lee Gutkind
Phoebe Daring	author	L. Frank Baum
Ankahi	author	Haseena Moin
The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber (1978 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Duke of Mount Deer (1984 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Parents of the Band	author	David Cummings (musician)
Parents of the Band	author	Dick Clement
Parents of the Band	author	Ian La Frenais
The Missing Piece (book)	author	Shel Silverstein
The Legend of the Book and the Sword (1987 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Checking on the Moon	author	Jenny Davis
K. (novel)	author	Mary Roberts Rinehart
At the Villa Rose (novel)	author	A. E. W. Mason
Animal Fairy Tales	author	L. Frank Baum
The Meaning of Witchcraft	author	Gerald Gardner
Book of Artifacts	author	David Cook (game designer)
Lute Song (musical)	author	Sidney Howard
Lies Across America	author	James Loewen
Another Kind of Monday	author	William E. Coles, Jr.
Compass in the Blood	author	William E. Coles, Jr.
Beaufort (novel)	author	Ron Leshem
Kamen Rider Decade	author	Shō Aikawa (screenwriter)
Kamen Rider Decade	author	Shōji Yonemura
Kamen Rider Decade	author	Yasuko Kobayashi
Kamen Rider Decade	author	Kenji Konuta
Kamen Rider Decade	author	Toshiki Inoue
Aidmheil: In the Name of Adventure	author	Jessica Mae Stover
Moscow Rules (Daniel Silva novel)	author	Daniel Silva (novelist)
New Amazonia	author	Elizabeth Burgoyne Corbett
The Deer Hunter (novel)	author	E. M. Corder
The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh (novel)	author	Richard Woodley
The Keep (Jennifer Egan novel)	author	Jennifer Egan
Long Shadows (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
Living Other Lives	author	Caroline Leavitt
Jimmy's Stars	author	Mary Ann Rodman
The Great Smith House Hustle	author	Jane Louise Curry
Tommy Trouble and the Magic Marble	author	Ralph Fletcher
Ruins of Undermountain	author	Ed Greenwood
Marshfield Dreams	author	Ralph Fletcher
The Ascent of Money	author	Niall Ferguson
The Buddha and His Dhamma	author	B. R. Ambedkar
Camera Works: Photography and the Twentieth-Century Word	author	Michael North (professor)
Royal Exile	author	Fiona McIntosh
Chorus Girls (musical)	author	Barrie Keefe
Chorus Girls (musical)	author	Ray Davies
Tyrant's Blood	author	Fiona McIntosh
Blood and Memory	author	Fiona McIntosh
Galacticast	author	Rudy Jahchan
Galacticast	author	Casey McKinnon
Poltava (poem)	author	Alexander Pushkin
Memento Mori (novel)	author	Muriel Spark
I Am Wings	author	Ralph Fletcher
The Incomparable Max	author	Jerome Lawrence
The Incomparable Max	author	Robert Edwin Lee
In the Eye of the Sun: Mexican Fiestas	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Night Below: An Underdark Campaign	author	Carl Sargent
The Education of Lev Navrozov	author	Lev Navrozov
A Voyage to Terra Australis	author	Matthew Flinders
Mesa Arizona Easter Pageant	author	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
The Devil's Advocate (novel)	author	Morris West
The Little Troll Prince: A Christmas Parable	author	Clifford Campion
The Little Troll Prince: A Christmas Parable	author	Shirley Hartman
Ordinary Things	author	Ralph Fletcher
Spell of the Witch World	author	Andre Norton
Lore of the Witch World	author	Andre Norton
Look Who It Is!	author	Alan Carr
Faith In What?	author	Richard Krawiec
Second Brother	author	David Guy
Football Dreams (novel)	author	David Guy
The Autobiography of My Body	author	David Guy
House Work (novel)	author	Kristina McGrath
The Damned Thing (short story)	author	Ambrose Bierce
Sugawara Denju Tenarai Kagami	author	Takeda Izumo I
Sugawara Denju Tenarai Kagami	author	Takeda Izumo II
Sugawara Denju Tenarai Kagami	author	Miyoshi Shōraku
Sugawara Denju Tenarai Kagami	author	Namiki Sōsuke
Realtime Interrupt	author	James P. Hogan
The Law and Mr. Jones	author	William Bast
The Law and Mr. Jones	author	Sy Gomberg
The Law and Mr. Jones	author	Robert Pirosh
Zen Habits	author	Zen Habits
What I Talk About When I Talk About Running	author	Haruki Murakami
An Iron Rose	author	Peter Temple
There Goes the Neighborhood (book)	author	William Julius Wilson
The Soldier's Return	author	Melvyn Bragg
Dear Zoe	author	Philip Beard
Last Battle of the Icemark	author	Stuart Hill (author)
Lost in the Garden	author	Philip Beard
East Liberty (novel)	author	Joseph Bathanti
Paris (1979 TV series)	author	Edward DeBlasio
Scarpetta (novel)	author	Patricia Cornwell
Clara Vaughan	author	R. D. Blackmore
Yume No Hon: The Book of Dreams	author	Catherynne M. Valente
Martial Power	author	Rob Heinsoo
Martial Power	author	David Noonan (game designer)
The Wing of Night	author	Brenda Walker
Three Dog Night (novel)	author	Peter Goldsworthy
The Day We Had Hitler Home	author	Rodney Hall
The English Assassin (Daniel Silva novel)	author	Daniel Silva (novelist)
The Road to Samarcand	author	Patrick O'Brian
Amazons!	author	Jessica Amanda Salmonson
The Deer Park	author	Norman Mailer
An Occasional Hell	author	Randall Silvis
Dead Man Falling	author	Randall Silvis
Barbary Shore	author	Norman Mailer
Relatively Speaking (book)	author	Ralph Fletcher
Death of a Gentle Lady	author	Marion Chesney
Kate Remembered	author	A. Scott Berg
Amazons II	author	Jessica Amanda Salmonson
The Corner Bar	author	Norman Barasch
The Corner Bar	author	John Boni
Daughters of Destiny (novel)	author	L. Frank Baum
The Book of Negroes	author	Lawrence Hill
Born to be Riled	author	Jeremy Clarkson
Cross-Country Crime	author	Franklin W. Dixon
The Man Who Loved Dirty Books	author	David Guy
Answer Before Dark	author	Elizabeth Moorhead
The Forbidden Tree	author	Elizabeth Moorhead
Juggler of Worlds	author	Larry Niven
Juggler of Worlds	author	Edward M. Lerner
Racial Culture: A Critique	author	Richard T. Ford
The Fate of a Crown	author	L. Frank Baum
The Game (Mary Russell novel)	author	Laurie R. King
Annabel (novel)	author	L. Frank Baum
Buried Alive (book)	author	Ralph Fletcher
Juma and the Magic Jinn	author	Wee Sing in Sillyville
The Christopher Killer	author	Alane Ferguson
Death from the Skies	author	Phil Plait
Nocturnes (book)	author	Kazuo Ishiguro
Portobello (novel)	author	Ruth Rendell
The Birthday Present (novel)	author	Ruth Rendell
The Girl Who Played with Fire	author	Stieg Larsson
The Chalk Circle Man	author	Fred Vargas
Attack of the Mutant Underwear	author	Tom Birdseye
The Submerged Cathedral (novel)	author	Charlotte Wood
One False Note	author	Gordon Korman
On Ayn Rand	author	Allan Gotthelf
White-Washing Race: The Myth of a Color-blind Society	author	Troy Duster
White-Washing Race: The Myth of a Color-blind Society	author	David Oppenheimer
Individualism and Economic Order	author	Friedrich Hayek
Jesus Hopped the 'A' Train	author	Stephen Adly Guirgis
Have You Been to the Beach Lately?	author	Ralph Fletcher
A Writing Kind of Day	author	Ralph Fletcher
Swords Against Darkness II	author	Andrew J. Offutt
Heroic Fantasy (anthology)	author	Gerald W. Page
Heroic Fantasy (anthology)	author	Hank Reinhardt
Conversations avec J.M.G. Le Clézio	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Haï (essay)	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Mydriase	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
L'Inconnu sur la Terre	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Trois Villes saintes	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Dans la maison d'Edith	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Sur Lautréamont	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Ailleurs	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
L'Extase matérielle	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Une lettre de J. M. G. Le Clézio	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Ballaciner	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Freedom to Dream and Freedom to Speak	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
On reading as true travel	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
The Minds of Marginalized Black Men	author	Alford A. Young Jr.
Moving Day (book)	author	Ralph Fletcher
Carry Me Across the Water	author	Ethan Canin
Just Call Me Stupid	author	Tom Birdseye
Unequal Childhoods	author	Annette Lareau
The Other Side of the Rainbow	author	Moya Brennan
Ireland: Landscapes of God's Peace	author	Moya Brennan
Moments in a Lifetime	author	Noel Duggan
Monkey Grip (novel)	author	Helen Garner
Swords Against Darkness	author	Andrew J. Offutt
Swords Against Darkness III	author	Andrew J. Offutt
Swords Against Darkness IV	author	Andrew J. Offutt
Swords Against Darkness V	author	Andrew J. Offutt
Hawksmoor (novel)	author	Peter Ackroyd
DIGMAP	author	Instituto Superior Técnico
Tamsin (novel)	author	Peter S. Beagle
Fludd (novel)	author	Hilary Mantel
The Rozabal Line	author	Ashwin Sanghi
Remix (book)	author	Lawrence Lessig
It's a Matter of Survival	author	Anita Gordon
It's a Matter of Survival	author	David Suzuki
Swype	author	Swype Inc.
The Soldiers of Halla	author	D. J. MacHale
The Holy War	author	John Bunyan
Cock-a-Doodle Dandy	author	Seán O'Casey
The Room (novel)	author	Hubert Selby, Jr.
The Diagnosis of Love	author	Maggie Leffler
The Snow Queen (2008 novel)	author	Mercedes Lackey
Jeff Dunham's Very Special Christmas Special	author	Jeff Dunham
The Tyranny of the Market	author	Joel Waldfogel
They Call Me Carpenter	author	Upton Sinclair
The Race of the Tiger	author	Alexander Cordell
Walking Trees	author	Ralph Fletcher
Serendipity Road	author	Catherine DeVrye
Dynasty of Death	author	Taylor Caldwell
The Green Collar Economy	author	Van Jones
Dans la forêt des paradoxes	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Le Dernier Verre	author	Olivier Ameisen
Idesktop.tv	author	Dimitar Kunchev
After the War (novel)	author	Carol Matas
Froudacity	author	John Jacob Thomas
The History of British India	author	James Mill
The Race Card: Campaign Strategy, Implicit Messages, and the Norm of Equality	author	Tali Mendelburg
Forgotten Realms Adventures	author	Jeff Grubb
Forgotten Realms Adventures	author	Ed Greenwood
Taking Pictures (novel)	author	Anne Enright
The Book of Mercy	author	Kathleen Cambor
In Sunlight, In a Beautiful Garden	author	Kathleen Cambor
I Had Seen Castles	author	Cynthia Rylant
Lost in the Barrens	author	Farley Mowat
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle: Never Ending Odyssey	author	Kenichi Araki
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle: Never Ending Odyssey	author	Keiichi Hasegawa
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle: Never Ending Odyssey	author	Masanao Akahoshi
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle: Never Ending Odyssey	author	Yuji Kobayashi
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle: Never Ending Odyssey	author	Takahiko Masuda
Great Contemporaries	author	Winston Churchill
One Day of Life	author	Manlio Argueta
Holy Deadlock	author	A. P. Herbert
Alamat ng Gubat	author	Bob Ong
Wildwood Dancing	author	Juliet Marillier
Linda McCartney's Sixties	author	Linda McCartney
Heart and Soul (novel)	author	Maeve Binchy
Race Rebels: Culture, Politics, and the Black Working Class	author	Robin Kelley
Crossfire (2007 novel)	author	Andy McNab
The Trial of Martin Ross	author	Alfred Kern
Betrayers of the Truth: Fraud and Deceit in the Halls of Science	author	William Broad
Betrayers of the Truth: Fraud and Deceit in the Halls of Science	author	Nicholas Wade
Once in a Lifetime (play)	author	Moss Hart
Once in a Lifetime (play)	author	George S. Kaufman
Is the Holocaust Unique?	author	Alan S. Rosenbaum
Cowboy G-Men	author	Todhunter Ballard
No More Dead Dogs	author	Gordon Korman
On the Road to Kandahar: Travels through Conflict in the Islamic World	author	Jason Burke
Every Day is Mother's Day	author	Hilary Mantel
Moon of the Spider (novel)	author	Richard A. Knaak
The Words	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Made in U.S.A. (novel)	author	Alfred Kern
The Insider (Yulia Latynina novel)	author	Yulia Latynina
Speaking of Jane Roberts	author	Susan M. Watkins
The Scent of the Roses	author	Aleen Leslie
Test::More	author	Michael G Schwern
Coonardoo	author	Katharine Susannah Prichard
Hunter's Run	author	George R. R. Martin
Hunter's Run	author	Gardner Dozois
Hunter's Run	author	Daniel Abraham (author)
Wishful Drinking	author	Carrie Fisher
The Deceivers (Aiello novel)	author	Robert Aiello
Shadow in the Mirror	author	Robert Aiello
The Desperate Hours (2005 novel)	author	Robert Aiello
Slow Water	author	Annamarie Jagose
The Idea of Perfection	author	Kate Grenville
A Little Girl in Old Pittsburg	author	Amanda Minnie Douglas
Thine Is the Glory	author	Samuel A. Schreiner, Jr.
Steel (web browser)	author	Michael Kolb (programmer)
Suicide Hill (novel)	author	James Ellroy
Steel Rose (novel)	author	Kara Dalkey
Your Eyelids Are Growing Heavy	author	Barbara Paul
Sudden Death (novel)	author	Stephen Mertz
Crocodile Shoes II	author	Jimmy Nail
Fruits of Fascism	author	Simon Reich
Beyond Thirty and The Man-Eater	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Google Chart API	author	Google
June Moon	author	George S. Kaufman
June Moon	author	Ring Lardner
Out on a Limb (book)	author	Shirley MacLaine
Game of Thrones	author	David Benioff
Game of Thrones	author	D.B. Weiss
Game of Thrones	author	Jane Espenson
Game of Thrones	author	George R. R. Martin
Drift and Mastery	author	Walter Lippmann
Wuthering Heights (2009 television serial)	author	Peter Bowker
Wuthering Heights (2009 television serial)	author	Emily Brontë
Sub-Coelum	author	Addison Peale Russell
The Pursuit of Laughter	author	Diana Mitford
Vertigo (book)	author	W. G. Sebald
When a Crocodile Eats the Sun	author	Peter Godwin (writer)
You'll Never Eat Lunch in This Town Again	author	Julia Phillips
WebConfig	author	ClearOS
The Bulwark	author	Theodore Dreiser
A dos vientos. Criticas y semblanzas	author	Ramon Domènec Perés i Perés
Educating Eve: The 'Language Instinct' Debate	author	Geoffrey Sampson
Benevolent Assimilation (book)	author	Stuart Creighton Miller
Bhuswargo Bhayankar	author	Satyajit Ray
Magical Thinking (book)	author	Augusten Burroughs
Chicks in Chainmail	author	Esther Friesner
Lords of Darkness	author	Ed Greenwood
Lords of Darkness	author	Michael A. Stackpole
Lords of Darkness	author	Paul Jaquays
Lords of Darkness	author	Steve Perrin
Lords of Darkness	author	Jean Rabe
Lords of Darkness    1	author	Jason Carl
Lords of Darkness    1	author	Sean K. Reynolds
Sometimes a Little Brain Damage Can Help	author	George Carlin
Did You Say Chicks?!	author	Esther Friesner
Chicks 'n Chained Males	author	Esther Friesner
Chicks 'n Chained Males	author	Martin H. Greenberg
The Chick is in the Mail	author	Esther Friesner
The Chick is in the Mail	author	Martin H. Greenberg
Turn the Other Chick	author	Esther Friesner
Chop Shop (novel)	author	Tim Downs
The 13th Reality	author	James Dashner
The Cambridge History of Ancient China	author	Michael Loewe
The Cambridge History of Ancient China	author	Edward L. Shaughnessy
The House that Ate the Hamptons	author	James Brady (columnist)
Handkerchief of Clouds	author	Tristan Tzara
La ronde et autres faits divers	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Le Livre des fuites	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Goldsborough (novel)	author	Stefan Heym
Wired to Care	author	Dev Patnaik
Blood Promise (novel)	author	Richelle Mead
The Nether World	author	George Gissing
Tamburlaine Must Die	author	Louise Welsh
Breaking Dawn	author	Stephenie Meyer
Rouge (film journal)	author	Adrian Martin
Barack Obama – Der schwarze Kennedy	author	Christoph von Marschall
The Glorious Ones	author	Lynn Ahrens
Bless You Boys: Diary of the Detroit Tigers' 1984 Season	author	Sparky Anderson
The Bridge to Nowhere (novel)	author	Megan McDonald
Redemption Song (Obama book)	author	Niall Stanage
The Wild Girls	author	Pat Murphy (writer)
SQLPro SQL Client	author	Vive Corp.
Sam Steele's Adventures on Land and Sea	author	L. Frank Baum
Baby (Danish novel)	author	Kirsten Thorup
We Murder Stella	author	Marlen Haushofer
The Year of the Angry Rabbit	author	Russell Braddon
Found (novel)	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Coral Gardens	author	Leni Riefenstahl
The People of Kau	author	Leni Riefenstahl
The Last of the Nuba	author	Leni Riefenstahl
Handles (novel)	author	Jan Mark
Fifty Classic Climbs of North America	author	Steve Roper
Fifty Classic Climbs of North America	author	Allen Steck
Le Jour où Beaumont fit connaissance avec sa douleur	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
La Guerre	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Voyages de l'autre côté	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Le Chercheur d'or	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Wandering Star (novel)	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
La Quarantaine (novel)	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Poisson d'or (novel)	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Ourania (novel)	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Révolutions (novel)	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Hasard suivi de Angoli Mala	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Fantômes dans la rue	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Ritournelle de la faim	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Pawana	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Vanishing Africa	author	Leni Riefenstahl
Les Géants (novel)	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Celui qui n'avait jamais vu la mer	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Mondo et autres histoires	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
The Million Pound Bank Note	author	Mark Twain
The Promise: God's Purpose and Plan for When Life Hurts	author	Jonathan Morris (priest)
Along for the Ride	author	Sarah Dessen
Jeremy Clarkson on Ferrari	author	Jeremy Clarkson
Sent (novel)	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
The Good Companions (musical)	author	Ronald Harwood
Graphic Storytelling and Visual Narrative	author	Will Eisner
The 39 Steps (2008 film)	author	Lizzie Mickery
The 39 Steps (2008 film)	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
Printemps et autres saisons	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
La Fête chantée et autres essais de thème amérindien	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Cœur brûle et autres romances	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Tabataba suivi de pawana	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Lullaby (1980 novel)	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Voyage au pays des arbres	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Villa Aurore	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
The Width of Waters	author	Alfred Kern
Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils (1982 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Writers on Comic Scriptwriting  , Vol. 2   1	author	Tom Root
Counting Heads	author	David Marusek
Mind Over Ship	author	David Marusek
Churchill, Hitler and the Unnecessary War	author	Pat Buchanan
Hot l Baltimore	author	Ron Clark (writer)
Hot l Baltimore	author	Decia Baker
Hot l Baltimore	author	Woody King
Hot l Baltimore	author	Lanford Wilson
Saving the Appearances: A Study in Idolatry	author	Owen Barfield
Family Guy: Peter Griffin's Guide to the Holidays	author	Danny Smith (writer)
Above Suspicion (TV drama)	author	Lynda La Plante
Things Could Be Worse	author	Lily Brett
The Wings of Merlin	author	T. A. Barron
Pirate Freedom	author	Gene Wolfe
The Secret (book)	author	Rhonda Byrne
The Act of Creation	author	Arthur Koestler
The Boy in the Dress	author	David Walliams
The Georgian House	author	Jill Laurimore
Family Guy: It Takes a Village Idiot, and I Married One	author	Cherry Chevapravatdumrong
Family Guy: It Takes a Village Idiot, and I Married One	author	Alex Borstein
Aller Retour New York	author	Henry Miller
Year's Best SF 13	author	David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 13	author	Kathryn Cramer
Aunt Jane's Nieces Abroad	author	L. Frank Baum
Quofum	author	Alan Dean Foster
A Dangerous Maid	author	Charles W. Bell
Starring Tracy Beaker	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Angel at the Fence	author	Herman Rosenblat
Curious George (book)	author	Margret Rey
Curious George (book)	author	H. A. Rey
Curious George Takes a Job	author	H. A. Rey
Curious George Takes a Job	author	Margret Rey
The Eye of the Forest	author	Philip Kerr
Curious George Rides a Bike	author	H. A. Rey
Curious George Rides a Bike	author	Margret Rey
Leni Riefenstahl's Memoiren	author	Leni Riefenstahl
Wonder under Water	author	Leni Riefenstahl
Static-X Guitar Anthology	author	Static-X
Barlowe's Guide to Fantasy	author	Wayne Barlowe
Syren (novel)	author	Angie Sage
Bare Bones (novel)	author	Kathy Reichs
The Poverty of Historicism	author	Karl Popper
Lost and Found (novel)	author	Andrew Clements
Curious George Goes to the Hospital	author	H. A. Rey
Curious George Goes to the Hospital	author	Margret Rey
La Grande Vie (novella)	author	J. M. G. Le Clézio
Ten Technologies to Fix Energy and Climate	author	Chris Goodall
VMware View	author	VMware
Storm from the Shadows	author	David Weber
Aunt Jane's Nieces at Millville	author	L. Frank Baum
The White Road	author	Lynn Flewelling
Memorandums taken on a journey from Paris into the southern parts of France and Northern Italy, in the year 1787	author	Thomas Jefferson
Cashiers du Cinemart	author	Michael White
Dragonwyck (novel)	author	Anya Seton
The Plutonium Files	author	Eileen Welsome
The Code of the Harpers	author	Ed Greenwood
Aurora Floyd	author	Mary Elizabeth Braddon
The Serpent and the Rainbow (book)	author	Wade Davis
St. Fidgeta and Other Parodies	author	John Bellairs
Hotel (1976 TV series)	author	Li Tim Shing
The Cost of Discipleship	author	Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Harmonia Macrocosmica	author	Andreas Cellarius
Mr. Maximillian Bacchus and his Travelling Circus	author	Clive Barker
A Crystal Age	author	William Henry Hudson
Sunrise (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
Here My Home Once Stood (book)	author	Moyshe Rekhtman
Here My Home Once Stood (book)	author	Phil Shpilberg
An Atlas of Fantasy	author	J. B. Post
Statism and Anarchy	author	Mikhail Bakunin
The Island of Adventure	author	Enid Blyton
Legacy of Ashes: The History of the CIA	author	Tim Weiner
Geographical Dictionary of the Kingdom of Poland	author	Filip Sulimierski
The Year of the Flood	author	Margaret Atwood
The Ethnic Cleansing of Palestine	author	Ilan Pappé
A Book of Marvels and Magic	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai	author	Saba Mumtaz
The Sophisticated Gents	author	John A. Williams
The Sophisticated Gents	author	Phyllis Minoff
The Sophisticated Gents	author	Melvin Van Peebles
The Cabin Faced West	author	Jean Fritz
New Writings in SF 22	author	Kenneth Bulmer
Bury the Dead	author	Irwin Shaw
New Writings in SF 1	author	John Carnell
Rumors: A Luxe Novel	author	Anna Godbersen
Aunt Jane's Nieces in Society	author	L. Frank Baum
Free Food for Millionaires	author	Min Jin Lee
Kinflicks	author	Lisa Alther
Death with Interruptions	author	José Saramago
Chor Lau-heung (1979 TV series)	author	Gu Long
Chor Lau-heung (1979 TV series)	author	Wong Jing
Luk Siu-fung (1976 TV series)	author	Gu Long
The Crossroads (novel)	author	Chris Grabenstein
King of the Rattling Spirits	author	Miha Mazzini
The Romantic Swordsman (1978 TV series)	author	Gu Long
Scrooge (musical)	author	Leslie Bricusse
Bat-Manga!: The Secret History of Batman in Japan	author	Jiro Kuwata
The Oversoul Seven Trilogy	author	Jane Roberts
Heart and Soul (young adult novel)	author	Liz Rosenberg
Children of Paradise (poetry)	author	Liz Rosenberg
Home Repair (novel)	author	Liz Rosenberg
A Guide to the Birds of Mexico and Northern Central America	author	Steve N. G. Howell
A Place Called Freedom	author	Ken Follett
El Llano en llamas	author	Juan Rulfo
Aunt Jane's Nieces and Uncle John	author	L. Frank Baum
The International (play)	author	John Howard Lawson
The Speech: Race and Barack Obama's "A More Perfect Union"	author	T. Denean Sharply-Whiting
Babylon Babies	author	Maurice G. Dantec
Vacant Possession (novel)	author	Hilary Mantel
Six-legged Soldiers: Using Insects as Weapons of War	author	Jeffrey A. Lockwood
Doom 3: Maelstrom	author	Matthew J. Costello
Victims of Yalta	author	Nikolai Tolstoy
Die Nigger Die!	author	H. Rap Brown
Aunt Jane's Nieces at Work	author	L. Frank Baum
The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrún	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrún	author	Christopher Tolkien
Shut Up & Sing: How Elites from Hollywood, Politics, and the UN Are Subverting America	author	Laura Ingraham
Broken Soup	author	Jenny Valentine
Energy Work	author	Robert Bruce (author)
A Beautiful Place to Die	author	Malla Nunn
The Price of Murder	author	Bruce Alexander Cook
Rules of Engagement (Sir John Fielding novel)	author	Bruce Alexander Cook
The Groves of Academe	author	Mary McCarthy (author)
Aunt Jane's Nieces in the Red Cross	author	L. Frank Baum
Meeting Joe Strummer	author	Paul Hodson (Writer)
A Person of Interest (novel)	author	Susan Choi
The Jukebox Queen of Malta	author	Nicholas Rinaldi
Ordinary Heroes (nonfiction)	author	Stephen Wagner
Ordinary Heroes (nonfiction)	author	Sharon Wells Wagner
43 Years with the Same Bird	author	Brian Reade
Man Eating Bugs	author	Peter Menzel
Brave Man Standing	author	Seni Butpaket
A Brief History of the Future	author	Jacques Attali
New Writings in SF 2	author	John Carnell
New Writings in SF 3	author	John Carnell
Son of Interflux	author	Gordon Korman
New Writings in SF 4	author	John Carnell
New Writings in SF 5	author	John Carnell
New Writings in SF 6	author	John Carnell
The Kine Saga	author	Alan Lloyd
The Kine Saga  Witchwood   1	author	Alan Lloyd
The Kine Saga  Dragon Pond   1	author	Alan Lloyd
Zanesville (novel)	author	Kris Saknussemm
GNU.FREE	author	Jason Kitcat
My Sister, My Love	author	Joyce Carol Oates
New Writings in SF 7	author	John Carnell
New Writings in SF 8	author	John Carnell
New Writings in SF 9	author	John Carnell
New Writings in SF 10	author	John Carnell
New Writings in SF 11	author	John Carnell
New Writings in SF 12	author	John Carnell
The Bush Tragedy	author	Jacob Weisberg
No Coins, Please	author	Gordon Korman
Triptych (novel)	author	Wendy Coakley-Thompson
Chroniques du Pays des Mères	author	Élisabeth Vonarburg
Frozen Fire (novel)	author	Tim Bowler
Riot (novel)	author	William Trautmann
Remember Me? (novel)	author	Madeleine Wickham
Happy Days (musical)	author	Garry Marshall
Harriet Said...	author	Beryl Bainbridge
Microsoft Songsmith	author	Microsoft Research
The Siege of Trencher's Farm	author	Gordon Williams
Swords Against Tomorrow	author	Robert Hoskins
The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution	author	Richard Dawkins
Snabba cash	author	Jens Lapidus
Le Silence de la Cité	author	Élisabeth Vonarburg
Colossus and the Crab	author	Dennis Feltham Jones
Ricos y Famosos	author	Daniel Delbene
Ricos y Famosos	author	Oscar Ibarra
Ricos y Famosos	author	Adriana Lorenzón
The After-Dinner Joke	author	Caryl Churchill
We Couldn't Leave Dinah	author	Mary Treadgold
Chronic City	author	Jonathan Lethem
Wild Roses (TV series)	author	Matt MacLennan
Alexandria (novel)	author	Lindsey Davis
Trading Faces (novel)	author	Julia Devillers
Trading Faces (novel)	author	Jennifer Roy
Kamen Rider Den-O	author	Yasuko Kobayashi
Kamen Rider Den-O	author	Shōji Yonemura
Sahib Bibi Aur Ghulam (novel)	author	Bimal Mitra
La Question	author	Henri Alleg
Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire	author	Takashi Yamada
Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire	author	Yoshimi Narita
Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire	author	Yasushi Hirano
Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire	author	Itaru Era
Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire	author	Mitsutaka Hirota
Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire	author	Mio Inoue
Not the End of the World (short story collection)	author	Kate Atkinson
Visitors from London	author	Kitty Barne
Reggie Perrin	author	David Nobbs
Reggie Perrin	author	Simon Nye
One Corpse Too Many	author	Edith Pargeter
Dollar Bahu	author	Sudha Murthy
Sortilegio	author	Claudia Velazco
Homunculus (Blaylock novel)	author	James Blaylock
Swordsmen and Supermen	author	Robert E. Howard
An Episode in the Life of a Landscape Painter	author	César Aira
Liars in Love	author	Richard Yates (novelist)
The Worry Website	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Ghosts (Aira novel)	author	César Aira
How I Became a Nun	author	César Aira
Island (Rogers novel)	author	Jane Rogers
The Radium Woman	author	Eleanor Doorly
The Secret Magdalene	author	Ki Longfellow
Young West	author	Solomon Schindler
Our World 2.0	author	United Nations University
River Boy	author	Tim Bowler
Karmabhoomi	author	Premchand
Wing Chun (TV series)	author	Chung Sing Yuen
From Lowbrow to Nobrow	author	Peter Swirski
Separation of Power	author	Vince Flynn
WinExe	author	Andrej Hajda
The Hacker and the Ants	author	Rudy Rucker
Mutiny on the Amistad: The Saga of a Slave Revolt and Its Impact on American Abolition, Law, and Diplomacy	author	Howard Jones
The Year of the Hare	author	Arto Paasilinna
The Year of the Hare  1st translated edition   1	author	Arto Paasilinna
The New Phil Silvers Show	author	Rod Amateau
The New Phil Silvers Show	author	Harvey Bullock (writer)
The New Phil Silvers Show	author	Seaman Jacobs
The New Phil Silvers Show	author	Laurence Marks (American writer)
The New Phil Silvers Show	author	Phil Sharp (screenwriter)
The New Phil Silvers Show	author	Danny Simon
The Women (novel)	author	T. Coraghessan Boyle
Monster Blood Tattoo: Lamplighter	author	D. M. Cornish
Stephen King Goes to the Movies	author	Stephen King
Sid & Marty Krofft's Red Eye Express	author	David Lander
Sid & Marty Krofft's Red Eye Express	author	Paul Elbling
Literature from the "Axis of Evil"	author	Anthology
Sight Unseen (play)	author	Donald Margulies
Going Wild With Jeff Corwin	author	Jane Bahk
Going Wild With Jeff Corwin	author	Paul Storck
Der Blindensturz	author	Gert Hofmann
The Atlanta Child Murders (TV miniseries)	author	Abby Mann
When Giants Walked the Earth: A Biography of Led Zeppelin	author	Mick Wall
Walkups	author	Lance Blomgren
07 Seconds or Less	author	Jack McCallum
No One Thinks of Greenland	author	John Griesemer
Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones	author	Brandon Sanderson
The White Tiger (Nathan novel)	author	Robert Stuart Nathan
Israel's Secret Wars: A History of Israel's Intelligence Services	author	Ian Black (journalist)
Israel's Secret Wars: A History of Israel's Intelligence Services	author	Benny Morris
O Presidente Negro	author	Monteiro Lobato
Memoari porodice Milić	author	Maja Đurić
Paint It Black (novel)	author	Janet Fitch
Do Hard Things: A Teenage Rebellion Against Low Expectations	author	The Rebelution#Alex and Brett Harris
Fifth Planet	author	Fred Hoyle
Fifth Planet	author	Geoffrey Hoyle
The War Between the Tates	author	Alison Lurie
The Lost World (Crichton novel)	author	Michael Crichton
Trick or Treatment	author	Simon Singh
Trick or Treatment	author	Edzard Ernst
Code to Zero	author	Ken Follett
The Black Robe	author	Wilkie Collins
ChoqoK	author	Mehrdad Momeny
End of the Rainbow	author	Peter Quilter
The Lloyd Bridges Show	author	Robert Towne
Catch My Soul (UK stage version)	author	William Shakespeare
SWObjects	author	Eric Prud'hommeaux
Innocent, Her Fancy and His Fact	author	Marie Corelli
Poldark	author	Paul Wheeler (writer)
Poldark	author	Jack Russell (writer)
Poldark	author	Jack Pulman
Wattzon	author	Saul Griffith
The Old Guys	author	Jesse Armstrong
The Old Guys	author	Sam Bain
The Old Guys	author	Simon Blackwell
The Mystery of Banking	author	Murray Rothbard
There's a Girl in My Hammerlock	author	Jerry Spinelli
Dead Man's Ransom	author	Edith Pargeter
The Reporter (TV series)	author	Jerome Weidman
Dead Until Dark	author	Charlaine Harris
The Magic Flute (musical)	author	Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
The Magic Flute (musical)	author	Mark Dornford-May
The Lost City of Z (book)	author	David Grann
The Accidental Time Machine	author	Joe Haldeman
Two Hundred Years Together	author	Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
Dark Fire (The Last Dragon Chronicles)	author	Chris d'Lacey
The Lazarus Project (novel)	author	Aleksandar Hemon
Prayers for Bobby: A Mother's Coming to Terms with the Suicide of Her Gay Son	author	Leroy F. Aarons
Kirinyaga (novel)	author	Mike Resnick
Edufire	author	Jon Bischke
Edufire	author	J. Scott Johnson
Edufire	author	Jared Haworth
Chalice (novel)	author	Robin McKinley
A Place of My Own	author	Michael Pollan
The Cretan Runner	author	George Psychoundakis
Nostalgia (novel)	author	Mircea Cărtărescu
Poor Miss Finch	author	Wilkie Collins
The Alchemy of Desire	author	Tarun Tejpal (journalist)
Skagboys	author	Irvine Welsh
Epidicus	author	Plautus
Galactic Odyssey	author	Keith Laumer
Paula Spencer (novel)	author	Roddy Doyle
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon (novel)	author	David Michaels
De Nieuwe en Onbekende Weereld	author	Arnoldus Montanus
Datang Youxia Zhuan	author	Liang Yusheng
Fork Me, Spoon Me	author	Amy Reiley
The Touch (McCullough novel)	author	Colleen McCullough
Nonni and Manni	author	Joshua Sinclair
The Key to Rebecca	author	Ken Follett
Leaf In A Bitter Wind	author	Ting-Xing Ye
The Yankee Years	author	Tom Verducci
The Yankee Years	author	Joe Torre
Foe (novel)	author	J. M. Coetzee
Moonwalk (book)	author	Michael Jackson
I'm the King of the Castle (novel)	author	Susan Hill
The Officers' Ward (novel)	author	Marc Dugain
Savvy (novel)	author	Ingrid Law
Gossip from the Forest	author	Thomas Keneally
My Life in Dog Years	author	Gary Paulsen
Reheated Cabbage	author	Irvine Welsh
Tuvalu (novel)	author	Andrew O'Connor (writer)
Deeper (Gordon and Williams novel)	author	Roderick Gordon
Deeper (Gordon and Williams novel)	author	Brian Williams (author)
Drums Along the Mohawk (novel)	author	Walter D. Edmonds
Rome Haul	author	Walter D. Edmonds
The Galilee Hitch-Hiker	author	Richard Brautigan
Paradise Café	author	Paul Gerstenberger
Living Dead in Dallas	author	Charlaine Harris
Club Dead	author	Charlaine Harris
The Boy Who Dared	author	Susan Campbell Bartoletti
Dogzilla (picture book)	author	Dav Pilkey
The Secret Scripture	author	Sebastian Barry
Ben & Izzy	author	Jymn Magon
Grave Sight	author	Charlaine Harris
For Love & Money	author	Jonathan Raban
Spindrift (novel)	author	Allen Steele
Moving the Mountain (novel)	author	Charlotte Perkins Gilman
Freefall (novel)	author	Roderick Gordon
Freefall (novel)	author	Brian Williams (author)
Stoner (novel)	author	John Edward Williams
Thirteenth City	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
The Way of Shadows	author	Brent Weeks
Royal Tramp (TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Last of the Immortals	author	Andrey Livadny
Still I Rise: A Graphic History of African Americans	author	Roland Laird
Still I Rise: A Graphic History of African Americans	author	Taneshia Nash Laird
Still I Rise: A Graphic History of African Americans	author	Charles R. Johnson
Middle-Age Spread	author	Roger Hall
The Winds of Dune	author	Brian Herbert
The Winds of Dune	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Steaming (play)	author	Nell Dunn
Dad's Army	author	Jimmy Perry
Dad's Army	author	David Croft (TV producer)
Linux kernel	author	Linus Torvalds
Headlong (Ings novel)	author	Simon Ings
Single Spies	author	Alan Bennett
Out of Order (play)	author	Ray Cooney
Yes Man (book)	author	Danny Wallace (humourist)
Virtuous Leadership	author	Alexandre Havard
Mojo (play)	author	Jez Butterworth
Cleo, Camping, Emmanuelle and Dick	author	Terry Johnson (dramatist)
Heroes: Le Vent Des Peupliers	author	Gérald Sibleyras
Heroes: Le Vent Des Peupliers	author	Tom Stoppard
The Church of Scientology (Melton)	author	J. Gordon Melton
The City Uncovered	author	Evan Davis
Horizon (2009 novel)	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
March Upcountry	author	David Weber
Girl Meets Boy	author	Ali Smith
The Emotional Intelligence Quick Book	author	Travis Bradberry
The Emotional Intelligence Quick Book	author	Jean Greaves
The Pill Versus the Springhill Mine Disaster	author	Richard Brautigan
Overland Trail (TV series)	author	Borden Chase
Overland Trail (TV series)	author	Fred Freiberger
Overland Trail (TV series)	author	Samuel A. Peeples
The Defining Moment	author	Jonathan Alter
Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God	author	Francis Chan
Bad Science (book)	author	Ben Goldacre
Script and Scribble: The Rise and Fall of Handwriting	author	Kitty Burns Florey
Notes From the Midnight Driver	author	Jordan Sonnenblick
The Birthday Party (novel)	author	Panos Karnezis
Alphabet of Dreams	author	Susan Fletcher
To Venus in Five Seconds	author	Fred T. Jane
The Pluto Files	author	Neil deGrasse Tyson
Insectia	author	Denis Blacquière
Insectia	author	Nathalie Lautier
Querelle of Brest	author	Jean Genet
Alex Rider: The Gadgets	author	Anthony Horowitz
Fences and Windows	author	Naomi Klein
Not Now, Darling	author	John Roy Chapman
Not Now, Darling	author	Ray Cooney
The Shangri-La Diet	author	Seth Roberts
My Life as a 10-Year-Old Boy	author	Nancy Cartwright
Granny Was a Buffer Girl	author	Berlie Doherty
Wings of Wrath	author	Celia S. Friedman
Psychoville	author	Reece Shearsmith
Psychoville	author	Steve Pemberton
Best Foot Forward (musical)	author	John Cecil Holm
Madness Under the Royal Palms	author	Laurence Leamer
A Man Lay Dead	author	Ngaio Marsh
Enter a Murderer	author	Ngaio Marsh
Death in Ecstasy	author	Ngaio Marsh
Vintage Murder	author	Ngaio Marsh
Artists in Crime	author	Ngaio Marsh
Death in a White Tie	author	Ngaio Marsh
Overture to Death	author	Ngaio Marsh
Surfeit of Lampreys	author	Ngaio Marsh
Death and the Dancing Footman	author	Ngaio Marsh
Colour Scheme	author	Ngaio Marsh
Died in the Wool	author	Ngaio Marsh
Swing Brother Swing	author	Ngaio Marsh
Opening Night (novel)	author	Ngaio Marsh
Spinsters in Jeopardy	author	Ngaio Marsh
Scales of Justice (novel)	author	Ngaio Marsh
Off With His Head	author	Ngaio Marsh
Singing in the Shrouds	author	Ngaio Marsh
False Scent	author	Ngaio Marsh
Hand in Glove (novel)	author	Ngaio Marsh
Dead Water (novel)	author	Ngaio Marsh
Death at the Dolphin	author	Ngaio Marsh
Clutch of Constables	author	Ngaio Marsh
When in Rome (novel)	author	Ngaio Marsh
Tied Up in Tinsel	author	Ngaio Marsh
Black As He's Painted	author	Ngaio Marsh
Last Ditch	author	Ngaio Marsh
Grave Mistake	author	Ngaio Marsh
Photo Finish (novel)	author	Ngaio Marsh
Light Thickens	author	Ngaio Marsh
Shane Warne: The Musical	author	Eddie Perfect
Moses Jones	author	Joe Penhall
Decca: The Letters of Jessica Mitford	author	Jessica Mitford
Welcome to Hard Times (novel)	author	E. L. Doctorow
The Second Great Depression (book)	author	Warren Brussee
The New Paul and Virginia	author	William Hurrell Mallock
The Chevrolet Tele-Theatre	author	Emlyn Williams
Fertilisation of Orchids	author	Charles Darwin
Chindi (novel)	author	Jack McDevitt
Mule Bone	author	Langston Hughes
Mule Bone	author	Zora Neale Hurston
Falsifiers of History	author	Soviet Information Bureau
Glee (TV series)	author	Ryan Murphy (writer)
Glee (TV series)	author	Brad Falchuk
Glee (TV series)	author	Ian Brennan (writer)
Obama: From Promise to Power	author	David Mendell
The Formation of Vegetable Mould through the Action of Worms	author	Charles Darwin
Resolution (novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
The Mandelbaum Gate	author	Muriel Spark
The Calder Game	author	Blue Balliett
Kid vs. Kat	author	Rob Boutilier
La Brière	author	Alphonse de Châteaubriant
Gone, But Not Forgotten	author	Phillip Margolin
Smashing Magazine	author	Sven Lennartz
Smashing Magazine	author	Vitaly Friedman
Woman with Birthmark	author	Håkan Nesser
Roommates (TV series)	author	Robin French
Roommates (TV series)	author	Kieron Quirke
The Bandit of Hell's Bend	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Piercing (novel)	author	Ryū Murakami
Nordy Bank (novel)	author	Sheena Porter
Bidasari (stage play)	author	Marlon Miguel
Indrapura (stage play)	author	Marlon Miguel
Silent Thunder: Breaking Through Cultural, Racial, and Class Barriers in Motorsports	author	Leonard W. Miller
The Journal of Curious Letters	author	James Dashner
Nuclear Jellyfish	author	Tim Dorsey
Complete Index to World Film	author	Alan Goble
Betrayal (Star Trek)	author	Lois Tilton
The Whole Story and Other Stories	author	Ali Smith
Man, the State, and War	author	Kenneth Waltz
Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi	author	Charles Dickens
Naked Came the Phoenix (novel)	author	Nevada Barr
Naked Came the Phoenix (novel)	author	Mary Jane Clark
Naked Came the Phoenix (novel)	author	Diana Gabaldon
Naked Came the Phoenix (novel)	author	J. A. Jance
Naked Came the Phoenix (novel)	author	Faye Kellerman
Naked Came the Phoenix (novel)	author	Laurie R. King
Naked Came the Phoenix (novel)	author	Val McDermid
Naked Came the Phoenix (novel)	author	Perri O'Shaughnessy
Naked Came the Phoenix (novel)	author	Anne Perry
Naked Came the Phoenix (novel)	author	Nancy Pickard
Naked Came the Phoenix (novel)	author	Nora Roberts
Naked Came the Phoenix (novel)	author	Lisa Scottoline
Naked Came the Phoenix (novel)	author	Marcia Talley
The Perfect Mile	author	Neal Bascomb
Gifts and Bones	author	Barbara Murray
Beneath the Surface (Picture book)	author	Gary Crew
We Think, Therefore We Are (Crowther book)	author	Peter Crowther
Flat Belly Diet	author	Liz Vaccariello
Flat Belly Diet	author	Cynthia Sass
The Trouble With Normal (book)	author	Michael Warner
The Prophet Murders	author	Mehmet Murat Somer
The River Why	author	David James Duncan
The Tale of the Unknown Island	author	José Saramago
Thou Art That (book)	author	Joseph Campbell
Angelology (novel)	author	Danielle Trussoni
Love and Responsibility	author	Pope John Paul II
The Inner Reaches of Outer Space	author	Joseph Campbell
The Flight of the Wild Gander	author	Joseph Campbell
Someone Named Eva	author	Joan M. Wolf
The Wallchart of World History	author	Edward Hull (geologist)
Fragile Eternity	author	Melissa Marr (author)
Fire Joe Morgan	author	Michael Schur
Fire Joe Morgan	author	Alan Yang
Majya Jalmachi Chittarkatha	author	Shantabai Kamble
Bloody Sunday: Scenes from the Saville Inquiry	author	Richard Norton-Taylor
Bradley McGogg, the Very Fine Frog	author	Tim Beiser
Relentless: The True Story of the Man Behind Rogers Communications	author	Ted Rogers
Relentless: The True Story of the Man Behind Rogers Communications	author	Robert Brehl
The Faithful Spy	author	Alex Berenson
The Ghost War	author	Alex Berenson
The Silent Man	author	Alex Berenson
26 Men	author	Sloan Nibley
Asinaria	author	Plautus
The Two Sisters (novel)	author	H. E. Bates
Travels with My Aunt (play)	author	Graham Greene
Travels with My Aunt (play)	author	Giles Havergal
9 Dragons (novel)	author	Michael Connelly
Judge Roy Bean (TV series)	author	Russell Hayden
Other People	author	Martin Amis
A Christmas Carol (play)	author	Charles Dickens
A Christmas Carol (play)	author	Patrick Stewart
Our Gods Wear Spandex	author	Christopher Knowles (comics)
The Golden Age of Science Fiction (anthology)	author	Kingsley Amis
Impressionism (play)	author	Michael Jacobs
Mr. Monk Goes to the Firehouse	author	Lee Goldberg
My Life (Golda Meir autobiography)	author	Golda Meir
Psychedelia (light synthesizer)	author	Jeff Minter
Dead to the World (novel)	author	Charlaine Harris
Do You Come Here Often? (play)	author	Sean Foley (comedian)
Do You Come Here Often? (play)	author	Hamish McColl
Aşk-ı Memnu (TV series)	author	Ece Yörenç
Aşk-ı Memnu (TV series)	author	Melek Gençoğlu
Zov Djungley	author	Sergei Suponev
The Changeover	author	Margaret Mahy
The Dressmaker	author	Beryl Bainbridge
Scotland's Story	author	Henrietta Elizabeth Marshall
Shockheaded Peter (musical)	author	Julian Bleach
Shockheaded Peter (musical)	author	Anthony Cairns
Shockheaded Peter (musical)	author	Graeme Gilmour
Shockheaded Peter (musical)	author	Tamzin Griffin
Baidu Tieba	author	Robin Li
Gold (novel)	author	Dan Rhodes
The Collector Collector	author	Tibor Fischer
Questions of Truth	author	John Polkinghorne
The Dead and the Gone	author	Susan Beth Pfeffer
Drood (novel)	author	Dan Simmons
Muse of Fire	author	Dan Simmons
Millions (novel)	author	Frank Cottrell Boyce
Iris Wildthyme and the Celestial Omnibus	author	Paul Magrs
Iris Wildthyme and the Celestial Omnibus	author	Stuart Douglas (writer)
Germs: Biological Weapons and America's Secret War	author	Judith Miller (journalist)
The Clown (novel)	author	Heinrich Böll
Luckypenny (novel)	author	Bruce Marshall
Vespers in Vienna	author	Bruce Marshall
The Fair Bride	author	Bruce Marshall
The Little Friend (novel)	author	Bruce Marshall
The Stooping Venus	author	Bruce Marshall
Terminal World	author	Alastair Reynolds
Father Malachy's Miracle	author	Bruce Marshall
My First Time (play)	author	Ken Davenport
Awesome 80s Prom	author	Ken Davenport
Mothstorm	author	Philip Reeve
Whispering Smith (TV series)	author	Frank H. Spearman
Deadly Secret	author	Jin Yong
Profiles in Folly	author	Alan Axelrod
999 (anthology)	author	Al Sarrantonio
Star Fairies	author	Mark Seidenberg
Star Fairies	author	Rich Fogel
Urban the Ninth	author	Bruce Marshall
Father Hilary's Holiday	author	Bruce Marshall
The Divided Lady	author	Bruce Marshall
Girl in May	author	Bruce Marshall
Thoughts of My Cats	author	Bruce Marshall
Children of This Earth	author	Bruce Marshall
Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark	author	Julie Taymor
Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark	author	Glen Berger
Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark	author	Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa
To Every Man a Penny	author	Bruce Marshall
The Judas Goat	author	Robert B. Parker
Times of Contempt	author	Andrzej Sapkowski
Neighbors from Hell	author	Paul Alexander (cartoonist)
Neighbors from Hell	author	Paul Mendelson
Contract With the World	author	Jane Rule
All About Lulu	author	Jonathan Evison
The Sport of the Gods	author	Paul Laurence Dunbar
Finacle	author	Infosys
When Dogs Cry	author	Markus Zusak
Foreign Land (novel)	author	Jonathan Raban
Bold As Love (novel)	author	Gwyneth Jones (novelist)
America, Empire of Liberty: A New History	author	David Reynolds (English historian)
Lomax, the Hound of Music	author	Christopher Cerf
Here I Stand (book)	author	Paul Robeson
Stack Overflow	author	Joel Spolsky
Stack Overflow	author	Jeff Atwood
The World, the Flesh, and Father Smith	author	Bruce Marshall
Jeremy Fink and the Meaning of Life	author	Wendy Mass
The Road West	author	Bernard C. Schoenfeld
The Eighth Scroll	author	Laurence B. Brown
Playboy.co.uk	author	Playboy Enterprises
The Humbling	author	Philip Roth
Heathen City	author	Alex Vance
The Stu Erwin Show	author	Erna Lazarus
The Stone Giant (novel)	author	James Blaylock
Harts of the West	author	David Debin
Perl Best Practices	author	Damian Conway
The Running Man (Bauer novel)	author	Michael Gerard Bauer
The Downfall of Capitalism and Communism	author	Ravi Batra
Thatcher: The Final Days	author	Richard Maher
In the Blood (play)	author	Suzan-Lori Parks
The Demigod Files	author	Rick Riordan
Riders (novel)	author	Jilly Cooper
Rivals (novel)	author	Jilly Cooper
The Caryatids	author	Bruce Sterling
Animal Spirits: How Human Psychology Drives the Economy, and Why It Matters for Global Capitalism	author	George Akerlof
Animal Spirits: How Human Psychology Drives the Economy, and Why It Matters for Global Capitalism	author	Robert J. Shiller
The Margin (novel)	author	André Pieyre de Mandiargues
Every Spy a Prince	author	Dan Raviv
Every Spy a Prince	author	Yossi Melman
Emotionally Weird	author	Kate Atkinson
The Bud Brothers Series	author	Rose Tan
Kick Buttowski: Suburban Daredevil	author	Derek Dressler
Kick Buttowski: Suburban Daredevil	author	Patrick Andrew O'Connor
Kick Buttowski: Suburban Daredevil	author	Nick Confalone
Kick Buttowski: Suburban Daredevil	author	John Derevlany
Kick Buttowski: Suburban Daredevil	author	Mark Drop
Kick Buttowski: Suburban Daredevil	author	Nate Knetchel
Kick Buttowski: Suburban Daredevil	author	Mitchell Larson
Kick Buttowski: Suburban Daredevil	author	David Shayne
The Pale King	author	David Foster Wallace
Tarry Flynn	author	Patrick Kavanagh
Waking the Dead (novel)	author	Scott Spencer (author)
A Wealth of Fable	author	Harry Warner, Jr.
The Count of Monte Cristo (musical)	author	Jack Murphy (writer)
Minsky's	author	Bob Martin
The End of Education	author	Neil Postman
RPM Package Manager	author	Red Hat
The Dip	author	Seth Godin
The Howling Miller	author	Arto Paasilinna
The Howling Miller  1st translated edition   1	author	Arto Paasilinna
The Missing Peace	author	Dennis Ross
Diplodos	author	Jean Chalopin
Fucking A	author	Suzan-Lori Parks
Movie Stars (TV series)	author	Felicia D. Henderson
Movie Stars (TV series)	author	Wayne Lemon
Movie Stars (TV series)	author	Susan Nirah Jaffee
Glass (novel)	author	Ellen Hopkins
Sahib Biwi Gulam	author	Bimal Mitra
Your Heart Belongs to Me (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
With Her in Ourland: Sequel to Herland	author	Charlotte Perkins Gilman
Five Fingers (TV series)	author	Novel
A Kind of Magic (TV series)	author	Linda O'Sullivan
Plague Over England	author	Nicholas de Jongh
Gravity (software)	author	Steve Safarik
Little Fur Family	author	Margaret Wise Brown
Something Borrowed (novel)	author	Emily Giffin
Rallarsving	author	Fredrik Edin
Black Rage (book)	author	William H. Grier
Black Rage (book)	author	Price M. Cobbs
Manga: The Complete Guide	author	Jason Thompson (writer)
Flight (2007 novel)	author	Sherman Alexie
Slaves of the Shinar	author	Justin Allen
The Mormon Prophet and His Harem	author	C. V. Waite
For Lust of Knowing	author	Robert Irwin (writer)
Crime (novel)	author	Irvine Welsh
The Young Buglers, A Tale of the Peninsular War	author	G. A. Henty
Premake	author	Jason Perkins
Beric the Briton	author	G. A. Henty
City of Ashes	author	Cassandra Clare
Everything (Henry Rollins album)  Eye Scream   1	author	Henry Rollins
The Magician's Apprentice	author	Trudi Canavan
The Lost Train of Thought	author	John Hulme
The Universe Maker	author	A. E. van Vogt
Cross Bones (novel)	author	Kathy Reichs
The Fat Tail: The Power of Political Knowledge for Strategic Investing	author	Ian Bremmer
The Fat Tail: The Power of Political Knowledge for Strategic Investing	author	Preston Keat
Topless in Philadelphia	author	Miles Tredinnick
Blackbirds of 1933	author	Nat N. Dorfman
Blackbirds of 1933	author	Mann Holiner
Blackbirds of 1933	author	Lew Leslie
The Cisco Kid (TV series)	author	O. Henry
Why Beauty Is Truth: A History of Symmetry	author	Ian Stewart (mathematician)
The Forgotten Man: A New History of the Great Depression	author	Amity Shlaes
Daane Anaar Ke	author	Sharad Joshi
Bass Ackwards and Belly Up	author	Elizabeth Craft and Sarah Fain
Letting Go of Lisa	author	Lurlene McDaniel
Loved Ones (book)	author	Diana Mitford
A Theology of Love	author	Mildred Bangs Wynkoop
Wings (Pike novel)	author	Aprilynne Pike
The Other Shore	author	Gao Xingjian
Handle With Care (novel)	author	Jodi Picoult
Tea Time for the Traditionally Built	author	Alexander McCall Smith
It's Just a Plant	author	Ricardo Cortés (illustrator)
Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy	author	Ally Carter
Great Olympic Encyclopedia	author	Valeri Shteinbakh
Gaia's Toys	author	Rebecca Ore
Worlds of the Federation	author	Shane Johnson (author)
They Burn the Thistles	author	Yaşar Kemal
Overqualified (novel)	author	Joey Comeau
The Immortals (The Edge Chronicles)	author	Paul Stewart (writer)
The Immortals (The Edge Chronicles)	author	Chris Riddell
Unfriendly Fire	author	Nathaniel Frank
Wolfram Alpha	author	Wolfram Research
Catching Fire (2009 novel)	author	Suzanne Collins
A Civil Action	author	Jonathan Harr
Canyons (novel)	author	Gary Paulsen
The Immortal Realm	author	Frewin Jones
Giving Is Living	author	Marnie Howard
Irish Thoroughbred	author	Nora Roberts
Carazamba	author	Virgilio Rodríguez Macal
Bad for Democracy	author	Dana D. Nelson
Gingersnaps (novel)	author	Cathy Cassidy
Techdirt	author	Mike Masnick
Anthropology: And a Hundred Other Stories	author	Dan Rhodes
M or F?	author	Lisa Papademetriou
Just David	author	Eleanor H. Porter
Local Fields (book)	author	Jean-Pierre Serre
The Colour (novel)	author	Rose Tremain
A Fringe of Leaves	author	Patrick White
A Girl from Lübeck	author	Bruce Marshall
The Naked Civil Servant (book)	author	Quentin Crisp
The Invention of the Jewish People	author	Shlomo Sand
The Slap	author	Christos Tsiolkas
Advanced Banter	author	John Lloyd (writer)
Advanced Banter	author	John Mitchinson
Typewriter in the Sky	author	L. Ron Hubbard
Khalil and Majnun	author	Rahal X
Don't Tell Me the Truth About Love	author	Dan Rhodes
The Joy of Pregnancy	author	Tori Kropp
The Riding Club Crime	author	Carolyn Keene
Inspector Ghote Hunts the Peacock	author	H. R. F. Keating
The Secret School	author	Avi (author)
Paths of Glory (novel)	author	Jeffrey Archer
Magic Lantern (software)	author	Federal Bureau of Investigation
Heart of Wisdom	author	Kelsang Gyatso
The Scarlet Empire	author	David MacLean Parry
Blue Bloods (series)	author	Melissa de la Cruz
Falling from Grace (novel)	author	Jane Godwin
Mr Darwin's Shooter	author	Roger McDonald
Glubbslyme	author	Jacqueline Wilson
A Book of Magic Adventures	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Player's Option: Combat & Tactics	author	Douglas Niles
Player's Option: Skills & Powers	author	Douglas Niles
DM Option: High-Level Campaigns	author	Skip Williams
The Great Eight	author	Scott Hamilton (figure skater)
Maigret and the Yellow Dog	author	Georges Simenon
Shannon (1961 TV series)	author	Todhunter Ballard
Shannon (1961 TV series)	author	Gene Roddenberry
The Broken Anchor	author	Carolyn Keene
A Voice in the Wind	author	Francine Rivers
Universal Compassion	author	Kelsang Gyatso
The Car (novel)	author	Gary Paulsen
Timoleon Vieta Come Home	author	Dan Rhodes
Action! (novel)	author	Carolyn Keene
No Two Alike: Human Nature and Human Individuality	author	Judith Rich Harris
Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover	author	Ally Carter
The Mind of Adolf Hitler	author	Walter Charles Langer
My Life at First Try	author	Mark Budman
The Quest of the Historical Jesus	author	Albert Schweitzer
Chains: Lesser Novels and Stories	author	Theodore Dreiser
The Brave Adventures of Lapitch	author	Ivana Brlić-Mažuranić
The Victim of Prejudice	author	Mary Hays
My Friend Flicka (TV series)	author	Mary O'Hara (author)
Amnesia (novel)	author	Douglas Anthony Cooper
Lizzie Zipmouth	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Treason Keep	author	Jennifer Fallon
Harshini	author	Jennifer Fallon
Lion of Senet	author	Jennifer Fallon
Eye of the Labyrinth	author	Jennifer Fallon
The Bush Garden: Essays on the Canadian Imagination	author	Northrop Frye
The Sword Thief	author	Peter Lerangis
Morning and Noon	author	Dean Acheson
Loading Mercury with a Pitchfork	author	Richard Brautigan
The Asti Spumante Code	author	Toby Clements
Mr. Adams and Eve	author	Frederick de Cordova
Four Steps to Death	author	John Wilson (Canadian young adults' writer)
Inspector Ghote's First Case	author	H. R. F. Keating
Chicka, Chicka, 1, 2, 3	author	Bill Martin, Jr.
Without You (book)	author	Anthony Rapp
Scat (novel)	author	Carl Hiaasen
Pieces of You (book)	author	Tablo
The Mighty Book of Boosh	author	Julian Barratt
The Mighty Book of Boosh	author	Noel Fielding
The Mighty Book of Boosh	author	Rich Fulcher
The Mighty Book of Boosh	author	Dave Brown (comedian)
The Mighty Book of Boosh	author	Richard Ayoade
The Mighty Book of Boosh	author	Michael Fielding
Cinema of Obsession: Erotic Fixation and Love Gone Wrong in the Movies (book)	author	Dominique Mainon
Cinema of Obsession: Erotic Fixation and Love Gone Wrong in the Movies (book)	author	James Ursini
Do Good Design	author	David Berman (graphic designer)
The Modern Amazons: Warrior Women On-Screen (book)	author	Dominique Mainon
The Modern Amazons: Warrior Women On-Screen (book)	author	James Ursini
Elephant Run	author	Roland Smith
What Becomes of the Broken Hearted? (novel)	author	Alan Duff
Fish Police (TV series)	author	Steve Moncuse
How to Marry a Millionaire (TV series)	author	Seaman Jacobs
How to Marry a Millionaire (TV series)	author	Paul Schneider (writer)
Ashampoo Magical Defrag	author	Ashampoo
Superstitious (novel)	author	R. L. Stine
The Wikipedia Revolution	author	Andrew Lih
Ending Aging	author	Aubrey de Grey
Historical Atlas of World Mythology	author	Joseph Campbell
Torch of Freedom	author	David Weber
Torch of Freedom	author	Eric Flint
Treating Survivors of Satanist Abuse	author	Valerie Sinason
Mission of Honor	author	David Weber
The Cleft	author	Doris Lessing
Shadow's Edge	author	Brent Weeks
Raising Atlantis	author	Thomas Greanias
The Atlantis Prophecy	author	Thomas Greanias
With Lee in Virginia, A Story of the American Civil War	author	G. A. Henty
Murphy's Law (American TV series)	author	Lee David Zlotoff
Patriots: A Novel of Survival in the Coming Collapse	author	James Wesley Rawles
Tempting The Gods: The Selected Stories of Tanith Lee, Volume 1	author	Tanith Lee
Microsoft Update Catalog	author	Microsoft
The Underneath (novel)	author	Kathi Appelt
Generation A	author	Douglas Coupland
Words and Music (musical)	author	Noël Coward
The Atlas of Creation	author	Adnan Oktar
Air and Angels	author	Susan Hill
Runcible Jones: The Frozen Compass	author	Ian Irvine
Las fuerzas extrañas	author	Leopoldo Lugones
Thorn Castle	author	Ian Irvine
The Early Long	author	Frank Belknap Long
Romiette and Julio	author	Sharon Draper
Daughter of Venice	author	Donna Jo Napoli
Signifying Rappers: Rap and Race in the Urban Present	author	Mark Costello (author)
Signifying Rappers: Rap and Race in the Urban Present	author	David Foster Wallace
Emergency: This Book Will Save Your Life	author	Neil Strauss
The New Meditation Handbook	author	Kelsang Gyatso
Close to Home (novel)	author	Deborah Moggach
The Grange at High Force	author	Philip Turner
QDevelop	author	Jean-Luc Biord
Beyond the Grave	author	Jude Watson
Little Howard's Big Question	author	Howard Read
The Fire Kimono	author	Laura Joh Rowland
The Takeover (novel)	author	Muriel Spark
The Silver Gryphon	author	Mercedes Lackey
Sir Nobonk and the Terrible Dreadful Awful Naughty Nasty Dragon	author	Spike Milligan
Imperial Ambitions	author	Noam Chomsky
Prayer for the Living	author	Bruce Marshall
An Account of Capers	author	Bruce Marshall
Does God Play Dice? The New Mathematics of Chaos	author	Ian Stewart (mathematician)
Crabgrass Frontier: The Suburbanization of the United States	author	Kenneth T. Jackson
ChristianCinema.com	author	Kevin Downes
ChristianCinema.com	author	Bobby Downes
Bermúdez (telenovela)	author	Dago García
Pandaemonium (novel)	author	Christopher Brookmyre
Up from Dragons	author	John Skoyles (scientist)
Up from Dragons	author	Dorion Sagan
Those Who Love (novel)	author	Irving Stone
Miles to Go	author	Miley Cyrus
Fablehaven: Secrets of the Dragon Sanctuary	author	Brandon Mull
Currency Wars	author	Song Hong bing
Pilot Season (TV series)	author	Charles Fisher
Pilot Season (TV series)	author	Sam Seder
30 Seconds (TV series)	author	Tim Bullock
30 Seconds (TV series)	author	Justin Drape
30 Seconds (TV series)	author	Scott Nowell
30 Seconds (TV series)	author	Andrew Knight
Men of Annapolis	author	Leonard Freeman
Midnight (Jaqueline Wilson)	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Dirty Weekend (novel)	author	Helen Zahavi
The Real Cool Killers	author	Chester Himes
The New Policeman	author	Kate Thompson (author)
Monsieur Lecoq (novel)	author	Émile Gaboriau
City of Glass (Mortal Instruments)	author	Cassandra Clare
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies	author	Jane Austen
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies	author	Seth Grahame-Smith
The Old Boys' Network	author	John Rae (educator)
The Greenhouse (novel)	author	Susan Hillmore
Daffy Duck for President	author	Chuck Jones
Dear Nobody	author	Berlie Doherty
The Legend of Deathwalker	author	David Gemmell
Get Satisfaction	author	Valleyschwag
Observations Concerning the Increase of Mankind, Peopling of Countries, etc.	author	Benjamin Franklin
Jack and Jill: A Village Story	author	Louisa May Alcott
A Family for Joe	author	Philip Rosenthal
A Family for Joe	author	Oliver Goldstick
A Good Year (novel)	author	Peter Mayle
The Lace Reader	author	Brunonia Barry
The Haunted Woman	author	David Lindsay (novelist)
Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated	author	Scott Thomas
Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated	author	Joe Ruby
Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated	author	Ken Spears
The Mum Minder	author	Jacqueline Wilson
The Cat Mummy	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Injury Time (novel)	author	Beryl Bainbridge
The Prophet from Ephesus	author	Caroline Lawrence
The Thing About Men	author	Joe DiPietro
The Penguin History of the United States of America	author	Hugh Brogan
When the Birds Fly South	author	Stanton A. Coblentz
The Woggle-Bug Book	author	L. Frank Baum
The Shroud of the Thwacker	author	Chris Elliott
Daddy's Boy: A Son's Shocking Account of Life with a Famous Father	author	Chris Elliott
Into Hot Air	author	Chris Elliott
Street Gang (book)	author	Michael Davis (writer)
Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way	author	Idries Shah
The Ultimate (Animorphs)	author	K. A. Applegate
Red Moon and Black Mountain	author	Joy Chant
Bostock's Cup	author	Chris England
Open Source for the Enterprise: Managing Risks, Reaping Rewards	author	Dan Woods
Open Source for the Enterprise: Managing Risks, Reaping Rewards	author	Gautam Guliani
Killer's Payoff	author	Evan Hunter
The Invention of Everything Else	author	Samantha Hunt
Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet	author	Jamie Ford
Call Girl the Musical	author	Tracy Harvey
Call Girl the Musical	author	Doug MacLeod
Special Agent Oso	author	Ford Riley
Special Agent Oso	author	Joseph Gian
The Left Hand of the Electron	author	Isaac Asimov
Graceling	author	Kristin Cashore
Got the Life (book)	author	Reginald Arvizu
Greyhawk Player's Guide	author	Anne Brown (game designer)
The Black Circle	author	Patrick Carman
Womenomics	author	Claire Shipman
Womenomics	author	Katty Kay
Ford County (novel)	author	John Grisham
Memoirs Illustrating the History of Jacobinism	author	Augustin Barruel
Kindling (Mick Farren novel)	author	Mick Farren
Where the Streets Had a Name	author	Randa Abdel-Fattah
Skulduggery Pleasant: The Faceless Ones	author	Derek Landy
Night Train to Lisbon	author	Peter Bieri (author)
Mormon Times	author	Deseret News
The Lofty and the Lowly, or Good in All and None All Good	author	Maria J. McIntosh
The Langoliers (TV miniseries)	author	Stephen King
The Langoliers (TV miniseries)	author	Tom Holland (director)
Merlin's Ring	author	H. Warner Munn
Emma (2009 TV serial)	author	Jane Austen
Emma (2009 TV serial)	author	Sandy Welch
The London Eye Mystery	author	Siobhan Dowd
True Singapore Ghost Stories	author	Russell Lee (writer)
Mr. Frank, the Underground Mail-Agent	author	Anonymous work
Are U 4 Real?	author	Sara Kadefors
Inside the Whale and Other Essays	author	George Orwell
The American Democrat	author	James Fenimore Cooper
Little House on the Prairie (novel)	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
The Ku Klux Klan In Prophecy	author	Alma Bridwell White
Redcap (novel)	author	Brian Callison
Park Avenue (musical)	author	George S. Kaufman
Park Avenue (musical)	author	Nunnally Johnson
The Productions of Time	author	John Brunner (novelist)
The Coachman Rat	author	David Henry Wilson
Green Grass, Running Water	author	Thomas King (novelist)
Klansmen: Guardians of Liberty	author	Alma Bridwell White
Bribery, Corruption Also	author	H. R. F. Keating
Cyclecraft	author	John Franklin (cyclist)
The Mugger (novel)	author	Evan Hunter
Into the Slave Nebula	author	John Brunner (novelist)
Professional Father	author	Bob Schiller
The Twelve Kingdoms: Skies of Dawn	author	Fuyumi Ono
Ordered to Die: A History of the Ottoman Army in the First World War	author	Edward J. Erickson
Dead as a Doornail	author	Charlaine Harris
Definitely Dead	author	Charlaine Harris
Bones (Kellerman novel)	author	Jonathan Kellerman
A Cold Heart (novel)	author	Jonathan Kellerman
Therapy (Kellerman novel)	author	Jonathan Kellerman
Rage (Jonathan Kellerman novel)	author	Jonathan Kellerman
Obsession (novel)	author	Jonathan Kellerman
Brighty of the Grand Canyon  novel   1	author	Marguerite Henry
Wake (Lisa McMann novel)	author	Lisa McMann
Die Anarchisten	author	John Henry Mackay
Knowing How to Know	author	Idries Shah
All Together Dead	author	Charlaine Harris
From Dead to Worse	author	Charlaine Harris
Dead and Gone (novel)	author	Charlaine Harris
The Gathering Storm (novel)	author	Robert Jordan
Year's Best SF 14	author	David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 14	author	Kathryn Cramer
The Missing Gospels	author	Darrell Bock
On War against the Turk	author	Martin Luther
Shotgun (novel)	author	Evan Hunter
The Story of Colors	author	Subcomandante Marcos
Pirate Latitudes	author	Michael Crichton
We Interrupt This Broadcast	author	Joe Garner (author)
The A-List: Hollywood Royalty	author	Zoey Dean
And Then There Was No One	author	Gilbert Adair
Bad Moon Rising: An Anthology of Political Forebodings	author	Thomas M. Disch
Seeker After Truth	author	Idries Shah
The Saxon Shore	author	Jack Whyte
Blanca Olmedo	author	Lucila Gamero de Medina
Young Samurai: The Way of the Sword	author	Chris Bradford
El Jetón	author	Arturo Ambrogi
The Cat Who Came for Christmas	author	Cleveland Amory
Yōgisha X no Kenshin	author	Keigo Higashino
Welcome to the Jungle (graphic novel)	author	Jim Butcher
The German Shepherd Dog in Word and Picture	author	Max von Stephanitz
LabourList	author	Derek Draper
Hussein, An Entertainment	author	Patrick O'Brian
Montezuma's Ferrari	author	B. S. Levy
Le rêve de D'Alembert	author	Denis Diderot
Lettre sur les aveugles à l'usage de ceux qui voient	author	Denis Diderot
The Better 'Ole	author	Bruce Bairnsfather
The Better 'Ole	author	Arthur Elliott
What Hath God Wrought: The Transformation of America, 1815–1848	author	Daniel Walker Howe
The Race Beat	author	Gene Roberts (journalist)
The Race Beat	author	Hank Klibanoff
A Nation under Our Feet	author	Steven Hahn
An Army at Dawn: The War in North Africa 1942–1943	author	Rick Atkinson
Freedom From Fear: The American People in Depression and War, 1929–1945	author	David M. Kennedy (historian)
Examiner.com	author	Philip Anschutz
Amityville: The Nightmare Continues	author	Robin Karl
River God	author	Wilbur Smith
An Excellent Mystery (novel)	author	Edith Pargeter
The Seance (Lawrence novel)	author	Iain Lawrence
Dark Side of the Morgue	author	Raymond Benson
The Suicide Collectors	author	David Oppegaard
Bravo Two Zero (novel)	author	Andy McNab
Shakespeare's Spy	author	Gary Blackwood
The One That Got Away (book)	author	Chris Ryan
Prodigal Summer	author	Barbara Kingsolver
James Bond Encyclopedia	author	John Cork
James Bond Encyclopedia	author	Collin Stutz
Jewels (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
The AdSense Code	author	Joel Comm
Not Since Carrie: Forty Years of Broadway Musical Flops	author	Ken Mandelbaum
Unwind (novel)	author	Neal Shusterman
Ghost The Musical	author	Bruce Joel Rubin
Yellow Star (novel)	author	Jennifer Roy
Yanks Go Home	author	H. V. Kershaw
Yanks Go Home	author	John Stevenson (writer)
Cthulhu's Dark Cults	author	David Conyers
The Dermis Probe	author	Idries Shah
The Eternity Artifact	author	L. E. Modesitt, Jr.
Pencil of Doom!	author	Andy Griffiths
Mascot Madness!	author	Andy Griffiths
The Prosperous Few and the Restless Many	author	Noam Chomsky
The Master: An Adventure Story	author	T. H. White
Diary of a Wimpy Kid Do-It-Yourself Book	author	Jeff Kinney (writer)
Two Lives (novel)	author	William Trevor
The Age of the Medici	author	Roberto Rossellini
The Age of the Medici	author	Marcello Mariani
Dexter Is Delicious	author	Jeff Lindsay (writer)
A Basket of Leaves	author	Geoff Wisner
Boyd Q.C.	author	Jack Roffey
The Discontinuity Guide	author	Paul Cornell
The Discontinuity Guide	author	Martin Day
The Discontinuity Guide	author	Keith Topping
Olive Kitteridge	author	Elizabeth Strout
Fortunate Son (novel)	author	Walter Mosley
Undead and Unworthy	author	MaryJanice Davidson
Undead and Unwelcome	author	MaryJanice Davidson
Sag Harbor: A novel	author	Colson Whitehead
Genesis (novel)	author	Bernard Beckett
A Flag on the Island	author	V. S. Naipaul
The Revolution Business	author	Charles Stross
Danger Society: The Young Bond Dossier	author	Charlie Higson
The Enemy (Higson novel)	author	Charlie Higson
Kataweb	author	Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso
Don't Care High	author	Gordon Korman
1635: The Dreeson Incident	author	Virginia DeMarce
1635: The Dreeson Incident	author	Eric Flint
Aansoo	author	Haseena Moin
Open Language Tools	author	Sun Microsystems
Monk's Hood	author	Edith Pargeter
RTÉ player	author	Raidió Teilifís Éireann
A Push and a Shove	author	Christopher Kelly
Inspector Ghote Goes by Train (novel)	author	H. R. F. Keating
The Years of Extermination: Nazi Germany and the Jews, 1939-1945	author	Saul Friedländer
Creature of the Night (novel)	author	Kate Thompson (author)
Quick Before They Catch Us	author	N. J. Crisp
Quick Before They Catch Us	author	George F. Kerr
Quick Before They Catch Us	author	Jack Trevor Story
Quick Before They Catch Us	author	Margot Bennett
Quick Before They Catch Us	author	John Gray
Twilight (The Mediator)	author	Meg Cabot
The Merchants' War (Pohl novel)	author	Frederik Pohl
Driven to Distraction (ADHD)	author	Edward Hallowell (psychiatrist)
Driven to Distraction (ADHD)	author	John Ratey
The Fourth Apprentice (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
Cartridges of the World	author	Frank Barnes (gunsmith)
Cartridges of the World	author	Stan Skinner
Metro Street	author	Matthew Robinson (performer and composer)
Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation	author	Shaun Micallef
Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation	author	Stephen Hall
Orosa-Nakpil, Malate	author	Louie Mar Gangcuangco
Singin' and Swingin' and Gettin' Merry Like Christmas	author	Maya Angelou
The Boy Who Taught the Beekeeper to Read	author	Susan Hill
The Mirror of Love	author	Alan Moore
The Smell of Telescopes	author	Rhys Hughes
The Blythes Are Quoted	author	Lucy Maud Montgomery
Chef (software)	author	Opscode
Inspector Ghote Plays a Joker	author	H. R. F. Keating
Vampirates: Black Heart	author	Justin Somper
Bone Black: memories of girlhood	author	Bell hooks
Political Repression in Modern America from 1870 to 1976	author	Robert Justin Goldstein
The Third World War (novel)	author	Humphrey Hawksley
Haunted (The Mediator)	author	Meg Cabot
L'Odissea	author	Homer
Love, etc (novel)	author	Julian Barnes
Spellfire (novel)	author	Ed Greenwood
Guzmán de Alfarache	author	Mateo Alemán
Bloodhound (novel)	author	Tamora Pierce
Cornell Paper	author	Benedict Anderson
Cornell Paper	author	Ruth McVey
Mommywood	author	Tori Spelling
Koolaids: The Art of War	author	Rabih Alameddine
The New Turkey	author	Chris Morris (journalist)
The Boys on the Rock	author	John Fox (writer)
Incidents	author	Roland Barthes
Choper, Coffee, Gilson	author	John C. Coffee
GrassrootsPA	author	Chris Lilik
The Modular Man	author	Roger MacBride Allen
The Secret Intensity of Everyday Life	author	William Nicholson (writer)
Marooned on Mars	author	Lester del Rey
Yellow Tapers for Paris	author	Bruce Marshall
Sea Dragon Heir	author	Storm Constantine
The Tears of My Soul	author	Kim Hyon Hui
The Partisan Leader	author	Nathaniel Beverley Tucker
By Common Consent	author	Steve Evans (lawyer and blogger)
Times & Seasons, An Onymous Mormon Blog	author	Nathan Oman
Glut: Mastering Information Through the Ages	author	Alex Wright
My Year of Meats	author	Ruth Ozeki
Queens Supreme	author	Keith Samples
Cool Tools	author	Kevin Kelly (editor)
The Howling III: Echoes	author	Gary Brandner
The Troubled Man	author	Henning Mankell
Thomas the Rhymer (novel)	author	Ellen Kushner
The Commanding Self	author	Idries Shah
The Last Dickens	author	Matthew Pearl
The Trainer	author	Keith Burstein
The Lost Fleet: Relentless	author	John G. Hemry
Revealing the Non-Secrets	author	Craig Sowell
Jake Ransom and the Skull King's Shadow	author	James Rollins
The Scarecrow (Michael Connelly novel)	author	Michael Connelly
Zoeken naar Eileen W	author	Leon de Winter
Alpha Scorpio	author	James Davern
Young Pioneers (novel)	author	Rose Wilder Lane
Engaging the Muslim World	author	Juan Cole
Inherit the Wind (play)	author	Jerome Lawrence
Inherit the Wind (play)	author	Robert Edwin Lee
Keep the Giraffe Burning	author	John Thomas Sladek
The Invisible Hook	author	Peter Leeson
Defending Australia in the Asia Pacific Century: Force 2030	author	Government of Australia
Envy: A Luxe Novel	author	Anna Godbersen
Unbowed: A Memoir	author	Wangari Maathai
Titanic (musical)	author	Peter Stone
Eighth Grade Bites	author	Heather Brewer
Hearts Grown Brutal	author	Roger Cohen
Wanting (novel)	author	Richard Flanagan
Soldiers and Slaves	author	Roger Cohen
Wayland (display server protocol)	author	Kristian Høgsberg
The Exeter Blitz	author	David Rees (author)
Transformers: The Veiled Threat	author	Alan Dean Foster
The White Rabbit (book)  The White Rabbit   1	author	Bruce Marshall
A Thread of Scarlet	author	Bruce Marshall
Australia in the Korean War 1950–53	author	Robert J. O'Neill
Oedipus (Voltaire)	author	Voltaire
The Peculiar Exploits of Brigadier Ffellowes	author	Sterling E. Lanier
White Christmas (musical)	author	David Ives
Inspector Ghote's Good Crusade	author	H. R. F. Keating
Only Fade Away	author	Bruce Marshall
The Bishop (novel)	author	Bruce Marshall
Free Agent (novel)	author	Jeremy Duns
The Death Guard	author	The Death Guard
Saffy's Angel	author	Hilary McKay
Bacon: A Love Story	author	Heather Lauer
The Seer (novel)	author	David Stahler Jr.
The Street (novel)	author	Ann Petry
Repossessed (novel)	author	A. M. Jenkins
Tell-All	author	Chuck Palahniuk
The Freedom of the Will	author	Jonathan Edwards (theologian)
Free Land	author	Rose Wilder Lane
The Kingdom Keepers: Disney After Dark	author	Ridley Pearson
Changes (novel)	author	Jim Butcher
The Fort at River's Bend	author	Jack Whyte
Octavius (dialogue)	author	Marcus Minucius Felix
Manga: Sixty Years of Japanese Comics	author	Paul Gravett
Haunted (UK TV series)	author	Robert Muller (writer)
The Iciest Sin	author	H. R. F. Keating
The Butt	author	Will Self
Being Nikki	author	Meg Cabot
Like (novel)	author	Ali Smith
Wednesday Is Indigo Blue	author	Richard Cytowic
Intelligent Input Bus	author	Peng Huang
Grace After Midnight	author	Felicia Pearson
Grace After Midnight	author	David Ritz
Dave Barry's History of the Millennium (So Far)	author	Dave Barry
Honeymoon in Hell	author	Fredric Brown
Great Science-Fiction	author	Tony Licata
Push (novel)	author	Sapphire (author)
The Stronghold	author	Mollie Hunter
Space Demons	author	Gillian Rubinstein
The Gamble (book)	author	Thomas E. Ricks (journalist)
There's a God on the Mic	author	Kool Moe Dee
Melody (Logan series)	author	V. C. Andrews
OFono	author	Intel
OFono	author	Nokia
The Little White Car	author	Dan Rhodes
Otto of the Silver Hand	author	Howard Pyle
The Principalities of Glantri	author	Bruce Heard
Bobvila.com	author	Bob Vila
Enchanted, Inc.	author	Shanna Swendson
Ark (Baxter novel)	author	Stephen Baxter
A Valley Grows Up	author	Edward Osmond
Hello Sunshine (book)	author	Ryan Adams
Livia (novel)	author	Lawrence Durrell
Absolutely, Positively Not	author	David LaRochelle
The Fox Cub Bold	author	Colin Dann
The Third God	author	Ricardo Pinto
The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma	author	Trenton Lee Stewart
The Poet of Tolstoy Park	author	Sonny Brewer
Hey Rub-a-Dub-Dub: A Book of the Mystery and Wonder and Terror of Life	author	Theodore Dreiser
The Siege of White Deer Park	author	Colin Dann
In the Path of the Storm	author	Colin Dann
Prisoner of the State: The Secret Journal of Premier Zhao Ziyang	author	Zhao Ziyang
Battle for the Park	author	Colin Dann
Heart Song	author	V. C. Andrews
Rise of a Merchant Prince	author	Raymond E. Feist
Aapki Antara	author	Monish Sekhri
Aapki Antara	author	Amit Senchoudhary
The Vampire Diaries	author	L. J. Smith (author)
The Attempted Murder of Peggy Sweetwater	author	John Rustan
The Attempted Murder of Peggy Sweetwater	author	Frank Semerano
Entertainment Ke Liye Kuch Bhi Karega	author	Thought Vendors
Wolf Hall	author	Hilary Mantel
Fanboy and Chum Chum	author	Steve Tompkins
Fanboy and Chum Chum	author	Fanboy and Chum Chum
Help Yourself (Dave Pelzer book)	author	Dave Pelzer
Simon (novel)	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Shadow of the Scorpion	author	Neal Asher
Johnny Thunders...In Cold Blood	author	Nina Antonia
Fang: A Maximum Ride Novel	author	James Patterson
The Unloved	author	Samantha Morton
The Unloved	author	Tony Grisoni
How We Decide	author	Jonah Lehrer
Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors (book)	author	Carl Sagan
Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors (book)	author	Ann Druyan
Journeys to the End of the World	author	Clive Algar
The Lump of Coal	author	Daniel Handler
Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study	author	Idries Shah
The Baby in the Manger	author	Lemony Snicket
Succubus Blues	author	Richelle Mead
Three Rivers (TV series)	author	Carol Barbee
Don't Be Such a Scientist (book)	author	Randy Olson
Jesus, Interrupted	author	Bart D. Ehrman
The Wizard of Rondo	author	Jennifer Rowe
The Thin White Line (novel)	author	Daniel Carney
In Search of Our Mothers' Gardens: Womanist Prose	author	Alice Walker
Story of a Girl (novel)	author	Sara Zarr
Cavern of the Fear	author	Jennifer Rowe
The Official Razzie Movie Guide	author	John J. B. Wilson
Hollywood Causes Cancer	author	Tom Green
Hollywood Causes Cancer	author	Allen Rucker
Julian Fellowes Investigates: A Most Mysterious Murder	author	Julian Fellowes
Julian Fellowes Investigates: A Most Mysterious Murder	author	Tina Pepler
The Fated Sky	author	Henrietta Branford
With Kitchener in the Soudan, A Story of Atbara and Omdurman	author	G. A. Henty
For the Union Dead	author	Robert Lowell
The Fig Leaves Are Falling	author	Allan Sherman
Coco and Igor	author	Chris Greenhalgh
Wisdom of the Idiots	author	Idries Shah
The Earth After Us	author	Jan Zalasiewicz
Heaven and Earth (book)	author	Ian Plimer
The Ruby in her Navel	author	Barry Unsworth
Wagon Train to the Stars	author	Diane Carey
Belle Terre (Star Trek)	author	Dean Wesley Smith
Belle Terre (Star Trek)	author	Diane Carey
Rough Trails	author	Julia Ecklar
The Flaming Arrow	author	Kathy Oltion
The Flaming Arrow	author	Jerry Oltion
Integrating Vision Toolkit	author	Karlsruhe Institute of Technology
Original Rude Boy	author	Neville Staple
Original Rude Boy	author	Pete Waterman
Ghetto (play)	author	Joshua Sobol
The Front Line (TV series)	author	Alex Shearer
The N Word: One Man's Stand	author	Stephen Hagan
The Case for Latvia	author	Jukka Rislakki
Waiting For The Moon (musical)	author	Jack Murphy
The Summoning (Armstrong novel)	author	Kelley Armstrong
Udaan (TV series)	author	Kavita Choudhary
After the Software Wars	author	Keith Curtis
Jyoti (TV series)	author	Purnendu Shekhar
Ghar Ki Baat Hai	author	Kanika Dhillon
Special Illumination: The Sufi Use of Humour	author	Idries Shah
The Prince of Tides (novel)	author	Pat Conroy
The Snowman (novel)	author	Jo Nesbø
Giant (musical)	author	Sybille Pearson
The Antiquarian's Family	author	Carlo Goldoni
Failed States: The Abuse of Power and the Assault on Democracy	author	Noam Chomsky
Thin Air (Star Trek)	author	Dean Wesley Smith
Thin Air (Star Trek)	author	Kristine Kathryn Rusch
A Lost Paradise	author	Junichi Watanabe
House of Cards (book)	author	William D. Cohan
Winter Rose (novel)	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Challenger (Star Trek)	author	Diane Carey
The Million Dollar Putt	author	Dan Gutman
Too Much Happiness	author	Alice Munro
December 7, 1941: A Different Path	author	David L. Alley
Old Ghosts of New England	author	C.J. Fusco
Ramage and the Drumbeat	author	Dudley Pope
Jagdszenen aus Niederbayern (play)	author	Martin Sperr
The Assignment (novella)	author	Friedrich Dürrenmatt
Clandestine (novel)	author	James Ellroy
Yellow Fever (play)	author	Rick Shiomi
Apache Wave	author	Google
American Icon: The Fall of Roger Clemens and the Rise of Steroids in America's Pastime	author	Teri Thompson
American Icon: The Fall of Roger Clemens and the Rise of Steroids in America's Pastime	author	Michael O'Keeffe
The Book of Atrix Wolfe	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Columbine (book)	author	Columbine (book)
Liberia; or, Mr. Peyton's Experiments	author	Sarah Josepha Hale
Flight of the Fire Thief (novel)	author	Terry Deary
Windswept House: A Vatican Novel	author	Malachi Martin
Manhattan Is My Beat	author	Jeffery Deaver
The Demon's Lexicon	author	Sarah Rees Brennan
Decoding the Heavens	author	Jo Marchant
1Q84	author	Haruki Murakami
Legacy (1987 novel)	author	James A. Michener
The Ghost Drum	author	Susan Price
Devious (novel)	author	Cecily von Ziegesar
Death of a Blue Movie Star	author	Jeffery Deaver
I, Alex Cross	author	James Patterson
Jenny's War	author	Jack Stoneley
Jenny's War	author	Steve Gethers
Pippi Longstocking (book)	author	Astrid Lindgren
Harry and the Wrinklies	author	Alan Temperley
Brown's Requiem (novel)	author	James Ellroy
Final Draft (novel)	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
Introduction to Kant's Anthropology	author	Michel Foucault
Ayn Rand: The Russian Radical	author	Chris Matthew Sciabarra
Eclipse at Noon	author	Laurence James
Stoneface (Deathlands novel)	author	Mark Ellis (writer)
The Strain	author	Guillermo del Toro
The Strain	author	Chuck Hogan
The Tunnel (novel)	author	William H. Gass
How the Grinch Stole Christmas!	author	Dr. Seuss
Mexico Unconquered: Chronicles of Power and Revolt	author	John Gibler
Rock, Paper, Shotgun	author	Kieron Gillen
Rock, Paper, Shotgun	author	Alec Meer
Rock, Paper, Shotgun	author	Jim Rossignol
Rock, Paper, Shotgun	author	John Walker (journalist)
Rantoul and Die	author	Mark Roberts
Born Confused	author	Born Confused
My Steve	author	Terri Irwin
Across the Universe (Star Trek)	author	Pamela Sargent
Across the Universe (Star Trek)	author	George Zebrowski
The General Danced at Dawn	author	George MacDonald Fraser
The Floating Light Bulb	author	Woody Allen
Six Suspects (novel)	author	Vikas Swarup
Witch and Wizard	author	James Patterson
The Evolution of God	author	Robert Wright (journalist)
Cloak (Star Trek)	author	S. D. Perry
Click (novel)	author	David Almond
Click (novel)	author	Eoin Colfer
Click (novel)	author	Roddy Doyle
Click (novel)	author	Deborah Ellis
Click (novel)	author	Nick Hornby
Click (novel)	author	Margo Lanagan
Click (novel)	author	Gregory Maguire
Click (novel)	author	Ruth Ozeki
Click (novel)	author	Linda Sue Park
Click (novel)	author	Tim Wynne-Jones
Knights of Bloodsteel	author	Sam Egan
Come Summer	author	Will Holt
Butterfly (novel)	author	Sonya Hartnett
OpenDesktop.org	author	Frank Karlitschek
The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane	author	Katherine Howe
Plum Stones	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Biodiesel America: How to Free America From Oil and Make Money with Alternative Fuel	author	Josh Tickell
All Together Now (book)	author	Jared Bernstein
The Sower (novel)	author	Kemble Scott
One Team, One Dream	author	Chris Manning
Veitikka	author	Veikko Huovinen
The Cut (UK TV series)	author	Al Smith (playwright)
Bing Images	author	Microsoft
Ardiente paciencia	author	Antonio Skármeta
The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud	author	Ben Sherwood
La Liola	author	Luigi Pirandello
The Swamp Critters of Lost Lagoon	author	Bobby Goldsboro
The Nudist on the Late Shift	author	Po Bronson
A Semester in the Life of a Garbage Bag (novel)	author	Gordon Korman
My Almost Famous Family	author	Paul McKenzie
HERmione	author	H.D.
Nuzzle and Scratch	author	Adrian Poynton
Word and Object	author	Willard Van Orman Quine
Gifted (novel)	author	Nikita Lalwani
Hunter in the Dark	author	Monica Hughes
Seeing Voices	author	Oliver Sacks
Primetime News	author	Rowan Atkinson
Shadow (Star Trek)	author	Dean Wesley Smith
Shadow (Star Trek)	author	Kristine Kathryn Rusch
Abyss (Star Trek novel)	author	David Weddle
Abyss (Star Trek novel)	author	Jeffrey Lang
Rogue (Star Trek)	author	Michael A. Martin
Rogue (Star Trek)	author	Andy Mangels
Lincoln Unmasked	author	Thomas DiLorenzo
Oriental Magic	author	Idries Shah
The Mighty Barbarians	author	Hans Stefan Santesson
The Mighty Swordsmen	author	Hans Stefan Santesson
Mobius Dick	author	Andrew Crumey
Billy Phelan's Greatest Game	author	William Kennedy (author)
A Plain Introduction to the Criticism of the New Testament	author	Frederick Henry Ambrose Scrivener
Race Life of the Aryan Peoples	author	Joseph Widney
The Secret Lore of Magic	author	Idries Shah
Adonis (musical)	author	William F. Gill
A Translation Guide to 19th-Century Polish-Language Civil-Registration Documents	author	Judith R. Frazin
Fell (novel)	author	David Clement-Davies
Rising Up and Rising Down	author	William T. Vollmann
Synergy+	author	Chris Schoeneman
Planet Sheen	author	Jim Hope
Planet Sheen	author	Allen J. Zipper
Planet Sheen	author	Sean Presant
Growing Through Life	author	Yuen Siu Na
Fly with Me (TV series)	author	Chow Yuk Ming
Coral Gardens and their Magic	author	Bronisław Malinowski
You Just Don't Understand	author	Deborah Tannen
At Play in the Fields of the Lord (novel)	author	Peter Matthiessen
Eat This, Not That	author	David Zinczenko
Ceremony (Robert B. Parker novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Studies in African Music (book)	author	Arthur Morris Jones
Catching Fire: How Cooking Made Us Human	author	Richard Wrangham
Man Gone Down	author	Michael Thomas (author)
Who's Your City?	author	Richard Florida
International Encyclopedia of Human Geography	author	Nigel Thrift
The Ask and the Answer	author	Patrick Ness
Asking Questions	author	H. R. F. Keating
The Anti-Pamela; or Feign’d Innocence Detected	author	Eliza Haywood
The Life and Death of Democracy	author	John Keane (political theorist)
Lunatic (novel)	author	Ted Dekker
Hammer of the Gods (book)	author	Stephen Davis (music journalist)
Conspiracy Encyclopedia	author	Thom Burnett
Destination Mecca	author	Idries Shah
Gearman	author	Brad Fitzpatrick
Dagvaktin	author	Jóhann Ævar Grímsson
Dagvaktin	author	Jón Gnarr
Dagvaktin	author	Jörundur Ragnarsson
Dagvaktin	author	Pétur Jóhann Sigfússon
Dagvaktin	author	Ragnar Bragason
500 years screwed but Christian	author	Rius
Shakespeare's Villains	author	Steven Berkoff
East (play)	author	Steven Berkoff
Exposure (novel)	author	Mal Peet
Mare Liberum	author	Hugo Grotius
Dragon and Thief	author	Timothy Zahn
The Rules of Sociological Method	author	Émile Durkheim
Days Between Stations (novel)	author	Steve Erickson
The Bells of Nagasaki	author	Takashi Nagai
Health-EU portal	author	European Commission
Health-EU portal	author	Directorate-General for Health and Consumers (European Commission)
The Art of Investing in America: Secrets to Success	author	Dennis Unkovic
Sir Harold of Zodanga	author	L. Sprague de Camp
Heist Society	author	Ally Carter
Stargazer (novel)	author	Claudia Gray
The Everafter War	author	Michael Buckley (author)
Landslide (novel)	author	Desmond Bagley
Personal Affairs	author	Gabbie Asher
The Snow Tiger	author	Desmond Bagley
High Citadel	author	Desmond Bagley
The Tightrope Men	author	Desmond Bagley
The Vivero Letter (novel)	author	Desmond Bagley
The Spoilers (novel)	author	Desmond Bagley
The Freedom Trap	author	Desmond Bagley
Juggernaut (novel)	author	Desmond Bagley
Night of Error	author	Desmond Bagley
Jatta (novel)	author	Jenny Hale
The Honour of the Knights	author	Stephen J Sweeney
The Centurions (novel)	author	Jean Lartéguy
The Raging Quiet	author	Sherryl Jordan
Microsoft Forefront Unified Access Gateway	author	Microsoft
Action (play)	author	Sam Shepard
In Vivo (novel)	author	Mildred Savage
Wittgenstein's Beetle and Other Classic Thought Experiments	author	Martin Cohen (philosopher)
Angel City (play)	author	Sam Shepard
A Great Fall	author	Mildred Savage
The Eagle's Prey	author	Simon Scarrow
Football365.fr	author	Groupe Sporever
TOMOYO Linux	author	NTT Data
Twelve (Myracle novel)	author	Lauren Myracle
Dragon's Rock	author	Tim Bowler
The Bourne Objective	author	Robert Ludlum
The Bourne Objective	author	Eric Van Lustbader
The History of Richard Raynal, Solitary	author	Robert Hugh Benson
Bog Child	author	Siobhan Dowd
Kamen Rider W	author	Riku Sanjo
Kamen Rider W	author	Naruhisa Arakawa
Kamen Rider W	author	Keiichi Hasegawa
Kamen Rider W	author	Kazuki Nakashima
The Girl from Hollywood	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Anime Encyclopedia: A Guide to Japanese Animation Since 1917	author	Jonathan Clements
The Anime Encyclopedia: A Guide to Japanese Animation Since 1917	author	Helen McCarthy
Death of Jesus (book)	author	Joel Carmichael
Mindplayers	author	Pat Cadigan
Moments of Being	author	Virginia Woolf
Libre.fm	author	GNU Project
Blake: Prophet Against Empire	author	David V. Erdman
Ambient (novel)	author	Jack Womack
Modeste Mignon	author	Honoré de Balzac
Boken till Dig	author	Jan Widströmer
Radioskugga	author	Jonas Frykberg
Radioskugga	author	Ulrika Kolmodin
Radioskugga	author	Charlotte Lesche
Radioskugga	author	Måns Mårlind
Radioskugga	author	Pernilla Oljelund
Radioskugga	author	Hans Rosenfeldt
August (Rossner novel)	author	Judith Rossner
De drabbade	author	Hans Rosenfeldt
De drabbade	author	Ola Hellsten
De drabbade	author	Måns Mårlind
Under a Monsoon Cloud	author	H. R. F. Keating
Geography of a Horse Dreamer	author	Sam Shepard
Tit for Tat (1856 novel)	author	Anonymous work
Suicide in B Flat	author	Sam Shepard
The Search for the Red Dragon	author	James A. Owen
The Indigo King	author	James A. Owen
The Shadow Dragons	author	James A. Owen
Technologized Desire	author	D. Harlan Wilson
Uten Enten	author	Haruki Murakami
Wild Geese (novel)	author	Martha Ostenso
A Conspiracy of Kings	author	Megan Whalen Turner
Breaking Point (novel)	author	Alex Flinn
My Boss My Hero	author	Mika Omori
World Peace Diet	author	Will Tuttle
Black is the New White	author	Paul Mooney (comedian)
Evermore (novel)	author	Alyson Noël
Skin Tight (novel)	author	Carl Hiaasen
The Little Grey Men	author	Denys Watkins-Pitchford
Conceit (novel)	author	Mary Novik
Amnesiascope	author	Steve Erickson
The Hoopster	author	Alan Lawrence Sitomer
Metaphysics of War	author	Julius Evola
Makamisa	author	José Rizal
Mots d'Heures	author	Luis van Rooten
The Charioteer	author	Mary Renault
Hip Hop High School	author	Alan Lawrence Sitomer
Skin Trade (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Court of the Air	author	Stephen Hunt
Against Therapy	author	Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson
Immediate Action (book)	author	Andy McNab
Seven Troop (book)	author	Andy McNab
Come Back to Sorrento	author	Dawn Powell
Fancy Nancy	author	Fancy Nancy#Jane O'Connor
You Know I Can't Hear You When the Water's Running	author	Robert Woodruff Anderson
The Orchard on Fire	author	Shena Mackay
Play Ball: Stories of the Ball Field	author	King Kelly
Atlas of Victorian Birds	author	William Bert Emison
Professor Shonku (short story collection)	author	Satyajit Ray
The Cabaret Girl	author	George Grossmith, Jr.
The Cabaret Girl	author	P. G. Wodehouse
The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest	author	Stieg Larsson
Palimpsest (novel)	author	Catherynne M. Valente
Fearful Symmetry (Frye)	author	Northrop Frye
Sunday in the Park with George	author	James Lapine
Tours of the Black Clock	author	Steve Erickson
Cañaveral de Pasiones	author	María del Carmen Peña
On the Water (novel)	author	Hans Maarten van den Brink
Guilty: Liberal "Victims" and Their Assault on America	author	Ann Coulter
Meet Corliss Archer (TV series)	author	F. Hugh Herbert
The Mystery of the Disappearing Cat	author	Enid Blyton
Hush Little Baby (novel)	author	Caroline B. Cooney
The Discovery of Global Warming	author	Spencer R. Weart
Marthandavarma (novel)	author	C. V. Raman Pillai
The Unknown Zone	author	Phil Smith (writer)
Red Book (Jung)	author	Carl Jung
Crunch (book)	author	Jared Bernstein
Nineteen Eighty-Four	author	George Orwell
The Mystery Method: How to Get Beautiful Women into Bed	author	Mystery (pickup artist)
Something More (novel)	author	Paul Cornell
Abraham Lincoln (Morse books)	author	John T. Morse
The Five O'Clock Girl	author	Guy Bolton
The Five O'Clock Girl	author	Fred Thompson (writer)
Gdgt	author	Ryan Block
Gdgt	author	Peter Rojas
Father & Son (TV serial)	author	Frank Deasy
Dragon Keeper	author	Robin Hobb
The Halo Effect (business book)	author	Phil Rosenzweig
Gears of War: Jacinto's Remnant	author	Karen Traviss
Something Remote    1	author	Alex Laferriere
March to the Sea (novel)	author	David Weber
We Few	author	David Weber
March to the Stars	author	David Weber
Dogs On Acid	author	Bad Company (drum and bass group)
Ransom My Heart	author	Mia Thermopolis
Ransom My Heart	author	Meg Cabot
The Nose From Jupiter	author	Richard Scrimger
Catastrophe (book)	author	Dick Morris
Catastrophe (book)	author	Eileen McGann
Land of Marvels	author	Barry Unsworth
A Christmas Carol (1994 musical)	author	Mike Ockrent
A Christmas Carol (1994 musical)	author	Lynn Ahrens
Warbreaker	author	Brandon Sanderson
Homeboyz	author	Alan Lawrence Sitomer
An American Trilogy (book)	author	Steven M. Wise
La quiero a morir (telenovela)	author	Luis Felipe Salamanca
La quiero a morir (telenovela)	author	Andrés Huertas
La quiero a morir (telenovela)	author	Mauricio Barreto
La quiero a morir (telenovela)	author	Sandra Morato
The Complaints	author	Ian Rankin
Mistakes were made (but not by me)	author	Carol Tavris
Mistakes were made (but not by me)	author	Elliot Aronson
Rogue (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Julian Comstock: A Story of 22nd-Century America	author	Robert Charles Wilson
What I Saw and How I Lied	author	Jude Watson
The Accounting	author	Bruce Marshall
The House in the Night	author	Susan Marie Swanson
Ordinary Poverty	author	William DiFazio
The Vacillations of Poppy Carew	author	Mary Wesley
Honor Thyself	author	Danielle Steel
A Good Woman (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
One Day at a Time (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Philosophy and Real Politics	author	Raymond Geuss
Into the Woods (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
Zeitoun (book)	author	Dave Eggers
Pool of Radiance (novel)	author	Jim Ward (game designer)
A Step From Heaven	author	An Na
Secrets of the Clans	author	Erin Hunter
Code of the Clans	author	Erin Hunter
The Rise of Scourge	author	Erin Hunter
The Rise of Scourge	author	Dan Jolley
Gods, Demons and Others	author	R. K. Narayan
Escape from the Forest	author	Erin Hunter
Return to the Clans	author	Erin Hunter
Return to the Clans	author	Dan Jolley
Where the Blind Horse Sings	author	Kathy Stevens
Where the Blind Horse Sings	author	Elizabeth Marshall Thomas
Widdershins (novel)	author	Charles de Lint
Deo Langkhui	author	Rita Chowdhury
Rock & Chips	author	John Sullivan (writer)
STORM: The Infinity Code	author	E. L. Young
Jeffrey Archer's Prison Diaries	author	Norman Hudis
Jeffrey Archer's Prison Diaries	author	Jeffrey Archer
By Heresies Distressed	author	David Weber
Claim to Fame	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
The First Two Lives of Lukas-Kasha	author	Lloyd Alexander
That Good Night	author	N. J. Crisp
Kit's Wilderness	author	David Almond
The White Darkness	author	Geraldine McCaughrean
On the Jellicoe Road	author	Melina Marchetta
The Letters of J. R. R. Tolkien	author	Humphrey Carpenter
The Letters of J. R. R. Tolkien	author	Christopher Tolkien
The Century's Daughter	author	Pat Barker
The Man Who Wasn't There (novel)	author	Pat Barker
Another World (novel)	author	Pat Barker
Double Vision (novel)	author	Pat Barker
Life Class	author	Pat Barker
A Arcádia e a Inconfidência	author	Oswald de Andrade
Dangerous Obsession	author	N. J. Crisp
A Marcha das Utopias	author	Oswald de Andrade
Estrela de absinto	author	Oswald de Andrade
Manifesto Pau-Brasil	author	Oswald de Andrade
Meu Testamento	author	Oswald de Andrade
Canto da Solidão	author	Bernardo Guimarães
Inspirações da Tarde	author	Bernardo Guimarães
O Seminarista	author	Bernardo Guimarães
Toys in the Attic (play)	author	Lillian Hellman
Hidden Empire	author	Orson Scott Card
Relentless (Koontz novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Not That Sort of Girl	author	Mary Wesley
The Wise Man's Fear	author	Patrick Rothfuss
Talley & Son	author	Lanford Wilson
Gateway to Strangeness	author	Jack Vance
Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated Culture	author	Douglas Coupland
The Selected Works of T.S. Spivet	author	Reif Larsen
Krista Purana	author	Thomas Stephens (Jesuit)
The Intimate Adventures of a London Call Girl	author	Belle de Jour (writer)
Stainless Longganisa	author	Bob Ong
The Enclosure	author	Susan Hill
Do Me a Favour	author	Susan Hill
Mrs de Winter	author	Susan Hill
Gentleman and Ladies	author	Susan Hill
A Change for the Better	author	Susan Hill
I Love You, Beth Cooper	author	Larry Doyle (writer)
In the Springtime of the Year	author	Susan Hill
The Mist in the Mirror: A Ghost Story	author	Susan Hill
Cyr Myrddin, the Coming of Age of Merlin	author	Michael de Angelo
Magnificent Corpses	author	Anneli Rufus
Dieu	author	Victor Hugo
The Service of Clouds	author	Susan Hill
The Various Haunts of Men	author	Susan Hill
The Pure in Heart	author	Susan Hill
The Risk of Darkness	author	Susan Hill
Baby Boom (TV series)	author	Nancy Meyers
Baby Boom (TV series)	author	Charles Shyer
Description of the Manner in which Duke Valentino put Vitellozzo Vitelli, Oliverotto da Fermo, Lord Pagola and the Duke of Gravina to Death	author	Niccolò Machiavelli
L.A. Candy	author	Lauren Conrad
Been So Long	author	Ché Walker
Winter Hawk	author	Craig Thomas (author)
The Declaration (novel)	author	Gemma Malley
The Resistance (novel)	author	Gemma Malley
The Rimers of Eldritch	author	Lanford Wilson
Atala (novella)	author	François-René de Chateaubriand
Getting Out	author	Marsha Norman
One Second After	author	William R. Forstchen
Subway Art	author	Martha Cooper
Subway Art	author	Henry Chalfant
Harnessing Peacocks	author	Mary Wesley
Ideas on the Nature of Science	author	David Cayley
The History of Independent Cinema	author	Phil Hall (US writer)
Secret Ceremonies: A Mormon Woman's Intimate Diary of Marriage and Beyond	author	Deborah Laake
The Dresden Dolls Companion	author	Amanda Palmer
The Destiny of Me	author	Larry Kramer
Le Sang noir	author	Louis Guilloux
General History of the Zhuang	author	Huang Xianfan
Iken.in	author	Mexus Education
Struggle (TV series)	author	Shi Kang
Eastern Standard	author	Richard Greenberg
A Hatful of Snow	author	Matthew Breindel
Mediaite	author	Dan Abrams
Talking Heads (play)	author	Alan Bennett
The Heart of a Distant Forest	author	Philip Lee Williams
Mormonism: Shadow or Reality?	author	Jerald and Sandra Tanner
The Riff Raff Element	author	Debbie Horsfield
Philosophy and Social Hope	author	Richard Rorty
The Asylum Seeker	author	Arnon Grunberg
The Mirror of Merlin	author	T. A. Barron
The Fires of Merlin	author	T. A. Barron
Les Rayons et les Ombres	author	Victor Hugo
The Blood of Others	author	Simone de Beauvoir
Bougainville (novel)	author	F. Springer
Komrij's patentwekker	author	Gerrit Komrij
Golden Treasure	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Five Go Down to the Sea	author	Enid Blyton
KeyRus	author	Dmitry Gurtyak
Mohawk (novel)	author	Richard Russo
Darkworld Detective	author	Michael Reaves
Groupon	author	Andrew Mason
Immortals (anthology)	author	Jack Dann
Immortals (anthology)	author	Gardner Dozois
Timegates	author	Jack Dann
Timegates	author	Gardner Dozois
The Passion of Ayn Rand	author	Barbara Branden
The Shape of Time: Remarks on the History of Things	author	George Kubler
X Stands for Unknown	author	Isaac Asimov
The Sun Shines Bright (book)	author	Isaac Asimov
Counting the Eons	author	Isaac Asimov
Characters of Shakespear's Plays	author	William Hazlitt
Looking for Rachel Wallace	author	Robert B. Parker
The Tragedy of the Moon	author	Isaac Asimov
Grażyna (poem)	author	Adam Mickiewicz
The Gutting of Couffignal	author	Dashiell Hammett
The Whole Shebang: A State-of-the-Universe(s) Report	author	Timothy Ferris
Desperate Romantics	author	Peter Bowker
The Left Hand of Darkness	author	Ursula K. Le Guin
The World At Night	author	Babak Amin Tafreshi
The Looney: An Irish Fantasy	author	Spike Milligan
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days	author	Jeff Kinney (writer)
Atheist Delusions	author	David Bentley Hart
Chasing the Bear	author	Robert B. Parker
A Thousand Barrels a Second	author	Peter Tertzakian
The Traveling Vampire Show	author	Richard Laymon
Ruby Slippers, Golden Tears	author	Ellen Datlow
Ruby Slippers, Golden Tears	author	Terri Windling
Black Thorn, White Rose	author	Ellen Datlow
Black Thorn, White Rose	author	Terri Windling
Snow White, Blood Red (book)	author	Ellen Datlow
Snow White, Blood Red (book)	author	Terri Windling
Methland: The Death and Life of an American Small Town	author	Nick Reding (journalist)
Ripped: How the Wired Generation Revolutionized Music	author	Greg Kot
Deep Economy	author	Bill McKibben
Patsy of Paradise Place	author	Rosie Harris
Faithless (novel)	author	Karin Slaughter
A Faint Cold Fear	author	Karin Slaughter
Citizen Jane (book)	author	James Dalessandro
Return to the Hundred Acre Wood	author	David Benedictus
Pluk van de Petteflet	author	Annie M. G. Schmidt
Religious Affections	author	Jonathan Edwards (theologian)
Breaking the Surface	author	Greg Louganis
Breaking the Surface	author	Eric Marcus
Trapster (speed trap sharing system)	author	Pete Tenereillo
Perfectly Reasonable Deviations from the Beaten Track	author	Richard Feynman
Vulcan's Forge (Jack Du Brul novel)	author	Jack Du Brul
The Worst Witch (novel)	author	Jill Murphy
Charon's Landing	author	Jack Du Brul
The Medusa Stone	author	Jack Du Brul
The Worst Witch Strikes Again	author	Jill Murphy
Rollback (novel)	author	Robert J. Sawyer
Pandora's Curse	author	Jack Du Brul
The Knight (Gene Wolfe)	author	Gene Wolfe
My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands	author	Chelsea Handler
Reports from the Holocaust: The Story of an AIDS Activist	author	Larry Kramer
A Bad Spell for the Worst Witch	author	Jill Murphy
Possible Side Effects	author	Augusten Burroughs
Ice Claw	author	David Gilman
Dracula: A Chamber Musical	author	Richard Ouzounian
Whatever It Takes (2009 film)	author	Paula Milne
Old Telly Time	author	Old Telly Time
The Illusionist (novel)	author	Jennifer Johnston
The Lollipop Shoes	author	Joanne Harris
Destroyer of Worlds (novel)	author	Larry Niven
Destroyer of Worlds (novel)	author	Edward M. Lerner
Nuts (play)	author	Tom Topor
Summertime (novel)	author	J. M. Coetzee
The Devils (play)	author	John Whiting
Indiana Jones and the Peril at Delphi	author	Rob MacGregor
The Robert Heinlein Interview and other Heinleiniana	author	J. Neil Schulman
The Greeks Have a Word For It	author	Barry Unsworth
Underground (play)	author	Michael Sloane
Enjoy (play)	author	Alan Bennett
Beef, No Chicken	author	Derek Walcott
Brother Cadfael's Penance	author	Edith Pargeter
Scruples (TV miniseries)	author	Judith Krantz
Scruples (TV miniseries)	author	James Lee
Jumping the Queue	author	Mary Wesley
Constance (novel)	author	Lawrence Durrell
Quinx (novel)	author	Lawrence Durrell
Fucking Men	author	Joe DiPietro
The Fresh Beat Band	author	Scott Kraft
The Fresh Beat Band	author	Nadine van der Velde
The Fresh Beat Band	author	Alice Prodanou
The Fresh Beat Band	author	Dan Danko
The Fresh Beat Band	author	Tom Mason
The Fresh Beat Band	author	Kerri Grant
LaBrava	author	Elmore Leonard
Don't Tell Alfred	author	Nancy Mitford
The Broken Compass: How British Politics Lost its Way	author	Peter Hitchens
River of Ruin	author	Jack Du Brul
Deep Fire Rising	author	Jack Du Brul
The Silver Chair (1990 TV Serial)	author	C. S. Lewis
The Silver Chair (1990 TV Serial)	author	Alan Seymour
The Book of est	author	Luke Rhinehart
A Little House Traveler (novel)	author	Laura Ingalls Wilder
Divine Misdemeanors	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Last Song (novel)	author	Nicholas Sparks
Mount Analogue	author	René Daumal
Culture of Corruption: Obama and His Team of Tax Cheats, Crooks, and Cronies	author	Michelle Malkin
Fever Crumb	author	Philip Reeve
Daniel X: Watch the Skies	author	James Patterson
Daniel X: Watch the Skies	author	Ned Rust
Dangerous Girls	author	R. L. Stine
A Stranger to Command	author	Sherwood Smith
It's OK, I'm Wearing Really Big Knickers	author	Louise Rennison
Cartas Chilenas	author	Tomás Antônio Gonzaga
Ratha's Courage	author	Clare Bell
Heroes of the Valley	author	Jonathan Stroud
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (1988 TV Serial)	author	C. S. Lewis
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (1988 TV Serial)	author	Alan Seymour
A Bitter Fate	author	Aleksey Pisemsky
A Provincial Lady	author	Ivan Turgenev
Tsar Fiodor Ioannovich	author	Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy
The Forest King	author	Paul B. Thompson
The Death of Ivan the Terrible	author	Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy
The Mistress of the Inn	author	Carlo Goldoni
Indiana Jones and the Seven Veils	author	Rob MacGregor
Armoured Train 14-69	author	Vsevolod Ivanov
Kapitan Sino	author	Bob Ong
Ang Paboritong Libro ni Hudas	author	Bob Ong
Audition (novel)	author	Ryū Murakami
Gossip Cop	author	Michael Lewittes
Gossip Cop	author	Dan Abrams
Up Till Now	author	William Shatner
Fight Club (novel)	author	Chuck Palahniuk
The Forest of Hands and Teeth	author	Carrie Ryan
Freedom (Franzen novel)	author	Jonathan Franzen
Uncle (novel)	author	J. P. Martin
In the President's Secret Service	author	Ronald Kessler
Bazaar-e-Husn	author	Premchand
Christina's Ghost	author	Betty Ren Wright
Dancing the Dream	author	Michael Jackson
Splendor: A Luxe Novel	author	Anna Godbersen
Sense and Sensibility and Sea Monsters	author	Jane Austen
Sense and Sensibility and Sea Monsters	author	Ben H. Winters
Who We Are: A Citizen's Manifesto	author	Rudyard Griffiths
Witness Against the Beast	author	E. P. Thompson
Thirteen Reasons Why	author	Jay Asher
Green (novel)	author	Ted Dekker
Thesixtyone	author	James Miao
Thesixtyone	author	Samuel Hsiung
Servant of the Dragon	author	David Drake
The Cater Street Hangman	author	Anne Perry
The Death of Bunny Munro	author	Nick Cave
Over My Dead Body (play)	author	Michael Sutton (playwright)
Over My Dead Body (play)	author	Tony Fingleton
Enough Stupidity in Every Wise Man	author	Alexander Ostrovsky
Two into One	author	Ray Cooney
Tricks (novel)	author	Ellen Hopkins
Getting to YES	author	Roger Fisher (academic)
Getting to YES	author	William L. Ury
Vampire Academy (novel)	author	Richelle Mead
The Heel of Achilles: Essays 1968-1973	author	Arthur Koestler
The Business of Dying (novel)	author	Simon Kernick
The Infinities	author	John Banville
The Millionaire Mind	author	Thomas J. Stanley
The Assumption of Hannele	author	Gerhart Hauptmann
Einstein's Monsters	author	Martin Amis
Pretzel (short story)	author	Margret Rey
Soldier of the Mist	author	Gene Wolfe
The Pitmen Painters	author	Lee Hall (playwright)
Blood Lines (Ruth Rendell short stories collection)	author	Ruth Rendell
Crack'd Pot Trail	author	Steven Erikson
This River Awakens	author	Steven Erikson
Chortkeh BDF Font Viewer	author	Komeil Bahmanpour
An Introduction to Zen Buddhism	author	D. T. Suzuki
Arthur Koestler (book)	author	Mark Levene
The Other Side: the Secret Relationship Between Nazism and Zionism	author	Mahmoud Abbas
A Dubious Legacy	author	Mary Wesley
Arthur Koestler: The Story of a Friendship	author	George Mikes
Spartacus: Blood and Sand	author	Miranda Kwok
Spartacus: Blood and Sand	author	Steven S. DeKnight
Spartacus: Blood and Sand	author	Brent Fletcher
Spartacus: Blood and Sand	author	Andrew Chambliss
Spartacus: Blood and Sand	author	Daniel Knauf
The Rehearsal (novel)	author	Eleanor Catton
Second Fiddle (1988 novel)	author	Mary Wesley
The West (documentary)	author	Dayton Duncan
The West (documentary)	author	Geoffrey Ward
Single-Handed (2007 drama)	author	Barry Simner
Freddy Rides Again	author	Walter R. Brooks
The Jeff Dunham Show	author	Jeff Dunham
Freddy and Mr Camphor	author	Walter R. Brooks
Between Hope and History	author	Bill Clinton
Made of Stone (play)	author	Leo Butler
Redundant (play)	author	Leo Butler
Lucky Dog	author	Leo Butler
Love and Money (play)	author	Dennis Kelly
Freddy and the Men from Mars	author	Walter R. Brooks
The Early Bird (play)	author	Leo Butler
The Virgin in the Ice	author	Edith Pargeter
Faces in the Crowd (play)	author	Leo Butler
Debris (play)	author	Dennis Kelly
The Early Stories: 1953–1975	author	John Updike
Freddy the Magician	author	Walter R. Brooks
World Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs & Prehistoric Creatures	author	Dougal Dixon
Dinosaurs: The Most Complete, Up-to-Date Encyclopedia for Dinosaur Lovers of All Ages	author	Thomas R. Holtz, Jr.
Dinosaurs: The Most Complete, Up-to-Date Encyclopedia for Dinosaur Lovers of All Ages	author	Luis Rey
Bluestar's Prophecy	author	Erin Hunter
Bluestar's Prophecy	author	Cherith Baldry
Feathered Dinosaurs: The Origin of Birds	author	John Long
Dogs: Their Fossil Relatives and Evolutionary History	author	Xiaoming Wang
Dogs: Their Fossil Relatives and Evolutionary History	author	Richard H. Tedford
Mammoths, Sabertooths, and Hominids: 65 Million Years of Mammalian Evolution in Europe	author	Jordi Agustí
Mammoths, Sabertooths, and Hominids: 65 Million Years of Mammalian Evolution in Europe	author	Mauricio Antón
Atlas of the Prehistoric World	author	Douglas Palmer
The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures: A Visual Who's Who of Prehistoric Life	author	Barry Cox
The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures: A Visual Who's Who of Prehistoric Life	author	Colin Harrison
The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures: A Visual Who's Who of Prehistoric Life	author	R.J.G. Savage
The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures: A Visual Who's Who of Prehistoric Life	author	Brian Gardiner
The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures: A Visual Who's Who of Prehistoric Life	author	Douglas Palmer
In the Presence of Dinosaurs	author	Jack Horner
In the Presence of Dinosaurs	author	John Colagrande
In the Presence of Dinosaurs	author	Larry Felder
Dinosaur Encyclopedia	author	Jayne Parsons
The Castle of Adventure	author	Enid Blyton
Matters of the Heart (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Wielie Wielie Walie	author	Louise Smit
Trafford Tanzi	author	Claire Luckham
What They Did to Princess Paragon	author	Robert Rodi
Blue Moon (Noel novel)	author	Alyson Noël
Dragons of the Hourglass Mage	author	Tracy Hickman
Dragons of the Hourglass Mage	author	Margaret Weis
Love, Aubrey	author	Love, Aubrey
Mind Siege	author	David A. Noebel
Mind Siege	author	Tim LaHaye
Visual FoxPro	author	Microsoft
A Catskill Eagle	author	Robert B. Parker
Death Troopers	author	Joe Schreiber
My Soul Is Rested	author	Howell Raines
The Speed of Darkness (play)	author	Steve Tesich
A Wizard of Mars	author	Diane Duane
Blood Ties (novel)	author	Sophie McKenzie
Cambodia, Pol Pot, and the United States	author	Michael Haas (political scientist)
Freddy and the Baseball Team from Mars	author	Walter R. Brooks
The Artist's Widow	author	Shena Mackay
Scum of the Earth (book)	author	Arthur Koestler
Havemercy	author	Jaida Jones
Havemercy	author	Danielle Bennett
The Man from Pomegranate Street	author	Caroline Lawrence
Southern Lights (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Amazing Grace (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Bungalow 2 (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Sisters (Steel novel)	author	Danielle Steel
The Spook's Sacrifice	author	Joseph Delaney
H.R.H. (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Coming Out (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
The House (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Prehistoric Journey: A History of Life on Earth	author	Kirk Johnson
Prehistoric Journey: A History of Life on Earth	author	Richard Stucky
Family Ties (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
World Encyclopedia of Fossils & Fossil-Collecting	author	Steve Parker
Toxic Bachelors (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Adrian Mole: The Prostrate Years	author	Sue Townsend
Miracle (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Impossible (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Echoes (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
The Dinosauria	author	David B. Weishampel
The Dinosauria	author	Peter Dodson
The Dinosauria	author	Halszka Osmólska
Oceans of Kansas (book)	author	Michael J. Everhart
Ransom (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
National Geographic Dinosaurs	author	Paul Barrett
National Geographic Dinosaurs	author	Raul Martin
National Geographic Dinosaurs	author	Kevin Padian
National Geographic Prehistoric Mammals	author	Alan Turner
Safe Harbour (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Invenio	author	CERN
Grace and Truth	author	Jennifer Johnston
The Romulan War: Beneath the Raptor's Wing	author	Michael A. Martin
Kobayashi Maru (2008 novel)	author	Andy Mangels
Kobayashi Maru (2008 novel)	author	Michael A. Martin
The Good That Men Do	author	Andy Mangels
The Good That Men Do	author	Michael A. Martin
Broken Bow (Star Trek novel)	author	Diane Carey
By the Book (novel)	author	Dean Wesley Smith
By the Book (novel)	author	Kristine Kathryn Rusch
Shockwave (Star Trek novel)	author	Paul Ruditis
What Price Honor?	author	Dave Stern
Surak's Soul	author	Jeanne Kalogridis
The Expanse (novel)	author	Jeanne Kalogridis
Daedalus (novel)	author	Dave Stern
Daedalus's Children	author	Dave Stern
Rosetta (novel)	author	Dave Stern
Ursule Mirouët	author	Honoré de Balzac
Osama the Hero	author	Dennis Kelly
Stay LDS / Mormon	author	John Dehlin
Jerusalem (play)	author	Jez Butterworth
Hot Springs (novel)	author	Stephen Hunter
The Last Pope	author	Luís Miguel Rocha
A Miracle	author	Molly Davies
Martian Time-Slip	author	Philip K. Dick
Through the Valley of the Nest of Spiders	author	Samuel R. Delany
A Double Barrelled Detective Story	author	Mark Twain
The Magicians (Grossman novel)	author	Lev Grossman
A Sensible Life	author	Mary Wesley
César Birotteau	author	Honoré de Balzac
NextGen Player	author	Matthew Vernhout
Conan the Outcast	author	Leonard Carpenter
A Troubled Peace	author	L. M. Elliott
Steeluniversity.org	author	World Steel Association
Steeluniversity.org	author	University of Liverpool
Shipwreck (book)	author	John Fowles
The Guardian (novel)	author	Nicholas Sparks (author)
Amber and Blood	author	Margaret Weis
The Quest of Kadji	author	Lin Carter
Worlds of Weber	author	David Weber
Wyst: Alastor 1716	author	Jack Vance
A Horse's Tale	author	Mark Twain
Zane's Sex Chronicles	author	Zane (author)
23 Hours (novel)	author	David Wellington
Vampire Zero (novel)	author	David Wellington (author)
Competitors (novel)	author	Sergey Lukyanenko
The Wallypug of Why	author	G. E. Farrow
The World that was Ours	author	Hilda Bernstein
Up Country	author	Nelson DeMille
Portrait of Jennie (novella)	author	Robert Nathan
Saplings	author	Noel Streatfeild
The Domestic Crusaders	author	Wajahat Ali
Night Train to Rigel	author	Timothy Zahn
The Good Night Chicago Show	author	Steven Saltzman
The Depths of Time	author	Roger MacBride Allen
What Dreams May Come (1983 novel)	author	Manly Wade Wellman
How To Turn Your Million Dollar Idea into a Reality	author	Peter Williams
The Plant (TV)	author	Jonathan Lewis
The Dogs Bark (anthology)	author	Truman Capote
The Fairytaler	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Kurt and Sid	author	Roy Smiles
Un début dans la vie	author	Honoré de Balzac
Star Trek (novel)	author	Alan Dean Foster
99 Fables	author	William March
Behind the Mirror: A Search for a Natural History of Human Knowledge	author	Konrad Lorenz
Jupiter's Travels	author	Ted Simon
Cheerful Weather for the Wedding	author	Julia Strachey
A Touch of Dead	author	Charlaine Harris
Smiles to Go	author	Jerry Spinelli
October Island	author	William March
An Imaginative Experience	author	Mary Wesley
Orphans (Dennis Kelly play)	author	Dennis Kelly
After the End	author	Dennis Kelly
Oberon Old and New	author	Anthony Burgess
Three Dollars (novel)	author	Elliot Perlman
My Sister Eileen (play)	author	Joseph Fields
My Sister Eileen (play)	author	Jerome Chodorov
Childhood Memories (Creangă)	author	Ion Creangă
CBC.ca	author	Canadian Broadcasting Corporation
Saint Peter's Fair	author	Edith Pargeter
Look at the Birdie	author	Kurt Vonnegut
Kids Are People Too	author	Ray Reese
Taking On the System: Rules for Radical Change in a Digital Era	author	Markos Moulitsas
Knight Crusader	author	Ronald Welch
SlashGear	author	Ewdison Then
The Wizard of Linn	author	A. E. van Vogt
Of Walking In Ice	author	Werner Herzog
Fairy Tales Told for Children. First Collection.	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Twitter Power	author	Joel Comm
When It Was Dark	author	Guy Thorne
A Horse for Mandy	author	Lurlene McDaniel
Part of the Furniture	author	Mary Wesley
Insectivorous Plants (book)	author	Charles Darwin
Angel Time	author	Anne Rice
South of Broad	author	Pat Conroy
The Barn (novel)	author	Avi (author)
The Justice of God in the Damnation of Sinners	author	Jonathan Edwards (theologian)
The Nature of True Virtue	author	Jonathan Edwards (theologian)
The Ramayana (R. K. Narayan)	author	R. K. Narayan
The Mahabharata (R. K. Narayan)	author	R. K. Narayan
For Better, For Worse, Forever	author	Lurlene McDaniel
The Emerald Route	author	R. K. Narayan
Farside Cannon	author	Roger MacBride Allen
My Dateless Diary	author	R. K. Narayan
Dragon Age: The Stolen Throne	author	David Gaider
The Legend of Neil	author	Sandeep Parikh
Next Sunday	author	R. K. Narayan
As Long As We Both Shall Live	author	Lurlene McDaniel
A Writer's Nightmare	author	R. K. Narayan
The Tomorrow People (novel)	author	Judith Merril
Reluctant Guru	author	R. K. Narayan
Dandelion Dead	author	Michael Chaplin (television writer)
Far Out (book)	author	Damon Knight
Je voudrais pas crever	author	Boris Vian
Unbuilt America	author	Alison Sky
Unbuilt America	author	Michelle Stone
Last Night in Twisted River	author	John Irving
A Horse and Two Goats and Other Stories	author	R. K. Narayan
Grandmother's Tale	author	R. K. Narayan
Malgudi Days (book)	author	R. K. Narayan
Freddy Goes Camping	author	Walter R. Brooks
Zone Policeman 88	author	Harry A. Franck
The Law of Nines	author	Terry Goodkind
Love, Linda: The Life Of Mrs. Cole Porter	author	Stevie Holland
Love, Linda: The Life Of Mrs. Cole Porter	author	Gary William Friedman
Sordello (poem)	author	Robert Browning
Ramayana (C. Rajagopalachari)	author	C. Rajagopalachari
Paper Moon (TV series)	author	Howard Fast
Mahabharata (C. Rajagopalachari)	author	C. Rajagopalachari
A Princess of Landover	author	Terry Brooks
Coolie (novel)	author	Mulk Raj Anand
Untouchable (novel)	author	Mulk Raj Anand
The Private Life of an Indian Prince	author	Mulk Raj Anand
Freddy the Pilot	author	Walter R. Brooks
Legitimation Crisis (book)	author	Jürgen Habermas
The Village (novel)	author	Mulk Raj Anand
Child's Play (novel)	author	Kia Abdullah
Two Leaves and a Bud	author	Mulk Raj Anand
The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication	author	Charles Darwin
Mr. Wilson's Cabinet of Wonder	author	Lawrence Weschler
The Road to Middle-earth	author	Tom Shippey
Oculus Sacerdotis	author	William of Pagula
Derby Girl	author	Shauna Cross
Homer and Langley	author	E. L. Doctorow
The Patience of the Spider	author	Andrea Camilleri
The Paper Moon	author	Andrea Camilleri
Stark Naked: A Paranomastic Odyssey	author	Norton Juster
The Sword and the Sickle	author	Mulk Raj Anand
The Grandmother's Tale and Selected Stories	author	R. K. Narayan
Behind Closed Doors (1958 TV series)	author	Charles Bennett (screenwriter)
Behind Closed Doors (1958 TV series)	author	Alan Caillou
Behind Closed Doors (1958 TV series)	author	Robert Leslie Bellem
Behind Closed Doors (1958 TV series)	author	Jon Manchip White
Behind Closed Doors (1958 TV series)	author	Paul Monash
Behind Closed Doors (1958 TV series)	author	Richard Tregaskis
Behind Closed Doors (1958 TV series)	author	Irving Wallace
In Deep (book)	author	Damon Knight
The Monsters of Templeton	author	Lauren Groff
A Thousand Tomorrows	author	Karen Kingsbury
Second Nature (book)	author	Michael Pollan
True Compass	author	Ted Kennedy
Invisible Life	author	E. Lynn Harris
The City of Pleasure	author	Ezzat el Kamhawi
Last Shot	author	John Feinstein
How the Scots Invented the Modern World	author	Arthur L. Herman
A Night in November	author	Marie Jones
Wt (web toolkit)	author	Emweb
The Madwoman of Central Park West	author	Arthur Laurents
The Madwoman of Central Park West	author	Phyllis Newman
Mean Streets (novel)	author	Jim Butcher
Mean Streets (novel)	author	Kat Richardson
Mean Streets (novel)	author	Simon R. Green
Mean Streets (novel)	author	Thomas E. Sniegoski
The Primrose Ring	author	Ruth Sawyer
The Stone Raft	author	José Saramago
The Sending	author	Isobelle Carmody
Names in Marble	author	Albert Kivikas
Traité Élémentaire de Chimie	author	Antoine Lavoisier
Juliet, Naked	author	Nick Hornby
Terry Jones' Great Map Mystery	author	Alan Ereira
The Disney Version	author	Richard Schickel
Wedge: The Secret War between the FBI and CIA	author	Mark Riebling
Delicate Edible Birds	author	Lauren Groff
The Stolen Lake	author	Joan Aiken
The Sanctuary Sparrow	author	Edith Pargeter
Monsters (collection)	author	A. E. van Vogt
The Life of David Brainerd	author	Jonathan Edwards (theologian)
A Dissertation Concerning the End for Which God Created the World	author	Jonathan Edwards (theologian)
Creepers (novel)	author	David Morrell
2 States: The Story of My Marriage	author	Chetan Bhagat
Legal Education and the Reproduction of Hierarchy	author	Duncan Kennedy
Jungle Junction	author	Jimmy Hibbert
61 Hours	author	Lee Child
The Guard (novel)	author	Ezzat el Kamhawi
Rapid Transit (play)	author	Lajos Egri
The 101st Proposal	author	Yoon Young Mi
Star's Echo	author	Kim Yoon Jung
Freddy the Pied Piper	author	Walter R. Brooks
Bit-Twist	author	Addy Yeow Chin Heng
Twelfth Grade Kills	author	Heather Brewer
Eleventh Grade Burns	author	Heather Brewer
Fela!	author	Bill T. Jones
Loon Lake (novel)	author	E. L. Doctorow
Aj Robybar	author	Humayun Ahmed
Meet McGraw	author	Blake Edwards
Veracity (Laura Bynum novel)	author	Laura Bynum
Tropic Moon	author	Georges Simenon
Rivers of Babylon (novel)	author	Peter Pišťanek
Tornado (web server)	author	FriendFeed
Off the Hook (TV series)	author	Dean Craig
Dante's Inferno (1967 film)	author	Austin Frazer
The Collected Ghost Stories of M. R. James	author	M. R. James
A Thin Ghost and Others	author	M. R. James
A Warning to the Curious and Other Ghost Stories	author	M. R. James
Runt (novel)	author	Marion Dane Bauer
Hominid (novel)	author	Klaus Ebner
August Heat	author	Andrea Camilleri
The Sound of Fishsteps	author	Buket Uzuner
The Quest Begins	author	Erin Hunter
Child of All Nations	author	Pramoedya Ananta Toer
Stranger with My Face	author	Lois Duncan
Fossil (software)	author	D. Richard Hipp
Birds of America (stories)	author	Lorrie Moore
Boots and Saddles (TV series)	author	Robert A. Cinader
Boots and Saddles (TV series)	author	Gene Roddenberry
Le Maintien de l’ordre	author	Claude Ollier
Liberal Democrat Voice	author	Rob Fenwick
Search the Sky	author	Frederik Pohl
Search the Sky	author	Cyril M. Kornbluth
WebGL	author	Mozilla Foundation
The Cream of the Jest	author	James Branch Cabell
Sarangadhara	author	Gurazada Apparao
Osiris Rising	author	Ayi Kwei Armah
Topic Continuity in Discourse	author	Thomas Givon
Monsters of Men	author	Patrick Ness
Zero Hour (play)	author	Jim Brochu
Sozaboy: A Novel in Rotten English	author	Ken Saro-Wiwa
An Awfully Big Adventure (novel)	author	Beryl Bainbridge
Freddy and the Ignormus	author	Walter R. Brooks
Becoming Batman: The Possibility of a Superhero	author	E. Paul Zehr
The Last Days of Lehman Brothers	author	Craig Warner
The Other Lands	author	David Anthony Durham
American Idiot (musical)	author	Billie Joe Armstrong
American Idiot (musical)	author	Michael Mayer (director)
A Grass Rope	author	William Mayne
Book of Enchantments	author	Patricia Wrede
The Anome	author	Jack Vance
The Collected Poems of Freddy the Pig	author	Walter R. Brooks
The Incendiary's Trail	author	James McCreet
Yank!	author	David Zellnik
Things That Go Bump (plays)	author	Alan Ayckbourn
EGL (OpenGL)	author	Khronos Group
Chaplin: A Life	author	Stephen M. Weissman
The Pyramid. The Soviet Mafia	author	Telman Gdlyan
The Pyramid. The Soviet Mafia	author	Yevgeny Dodolev
New Writings in SF 23	author	Kenneth Bulmer
You Better Not Cry: Stories for Christmas	author	Augusten Burroughs
The Cult (TV series)	author	Peter Cox (director)
The Cult (TV series)	author	David Brechin-Smith
Urbatagirk	author	Hakob Meghapart
Maximum Boy	author	Dan Greenburg
End the Fed	author	Ron Paul
Freddy and the Dragon	author	Walter R. Brooks
Palimpsest Disk Utility	author	Red Hat
The Arctic Home in the Vedas	author	Bal Gangadhar Tilak
Stargazer (Patrick Carman)	author	Patrick Carman
Music Is	author	George Abbott
Towers of Midnight	author	Robert Jordan
Get Happy: The Life of Judy Garland	author	Gerald Clarke
Free Love and Other Stories	author	Ali Smith
Dimiter	author	William Peter Blatty
Les clefs de babel	author	Carina Rozenfeld
Keynes: The Return of the Master	author	Robert Skidelsky (economist)
Corsair (Cussler novel)	author	Clive Cussler
Bōshi (TV drama)	author	Shunsaku Ikehata
The Red Wolf Conspiracy	author	Robert V.S. Redick
Freddy and the Bean Home News	author	Walter R. Brooks
Stuck In Neutral	author	Terry Trueman
The Beauty Prize	author	George Grossmith, Jr.
The Beauty Prize	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Monty Python: Almost the Truth (The Lawyers Cut)	author	Monty Python
Fablehaven: Keys to the Demon Prison	author	Brandon Mull
Google Fast Flip	author	Google
New Writings in SF 24	author	Kenneth Bulmer
Transition (novel)	author	Iain Banks
Habrahabr	author	Denis Kryuchkov
American on Purpose	author	Craig Ferguson
DailyBooth	author	Jon Wheatley
Google Sidewiki	author	Google
Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us!	author	Ralph Nader
Mencius (book)	author	Mencius
New Writings in SF 21	author	John Carnell
The Alabaster Staff	author	Edward Bolme
The Black Bouquet	author	Richard Lee Byers
The Crimson Gold	author	Voronica Whitney-Robinson
The Yellow Silk	author	Don Bassingthwaite
Happy Puppy	author	Stephen P. Lepisto
Happy Puppy	author	Sandra Woodruff
Happy Puppy	author	Jennifer Diane Reitz
Galileo's Dream	author	Kim Stanley Robinson
Meet Mr. McNutley	author	Joe Connelly (producer)
Meet Mr. McNutley	author	Albert Lewin
Meet Mr. McNutley	author	Bob Mosher
Wikmani poisid	author	Jaan Kross
Barack and Michelle	author	Christopher Andersen
Double Dare (play)	author	Dennis Potter
Double Deuce	author	Robert B. Parker
An Empire of Their Own: How the Jews Invented Hollywood	author	Neal Gabler
Rubbish, King of the Jumble	author	Pamela Hickey
Rubbish, King of the Jumble	author	Dennys McCoy
Tituba of Salem Village	author	Ann Petry
Honestly, Celeste!	author	Norman Lear
Honestly, Celeste!	author	Larry Gelbart
Journals of Ayn Rand	author	Ayn Rand
Vampirates: Empire of Night	author	Justin Somper
Life of William Blake	author	Alexander Gilchrist
Mister Maker	author	Phil Gallagher
Arguing with Idiots	author	Glenn Beck
Alex Cross's Trial	author	James Patterson
Alex Cross's Trial	author	Richard DiLallo
Where Adam Stood	author	Dennis Potter
The Winner (novel)	author	David Baldacci
Vigil in the Night (short story)	author	A. J. Cronin
The Valorous Years	author	A. J. Cronin
Corazón salvaje (2009 TV series)	author	Liliana Abud
Ship of Destiny	author	Robin Hobb
Going Rogue: An American Life	author	Sarah Palin
Going Rogue: An American Life	author	Adam Bellow
New Writings in SF 13	author	John Carnell
New Writings in SF 14	author	John Carnell
Home Time	author	Emma Fryer
Home Time	author	Neil Edmond
Off Center	author	Damon Knight
Fat Camp (musical)	author	Randy Blair
Fat Camp (musical)	author	Timothy Michael Drucker
Os Velhos Marinheiros ou o Capitão de Longo Curso	author	Jorge Amado
A Nest of Occasionals	author	Tony Martin (comedian)
Zorgamazoo	author	Robert Paul Weston
Christie in Love	author	Howard Brenton
Project 17	author	Laurie Faria Stolarz
Fair Land, Fair Land	author	A. B. Guthrie, Jr.
Ayu no Deji Deji Nikki	author	Ayumi Hamasaki
The Pregnant Widow	author	Martin Amis
All In A Lifetime	author	Frank Buck (animal collector)
All In A Lifetime	author	Ferrin Fraser
Ordinary Thunderstorms	author	William Boyd (writer)
Just Don't Make a Scene, Mum!	author	Rosie Rushton
On Jungle Trails	author	Frank Buck (animal collector)
On Jungle Trails	author	Ferrin Fraser
Jedhe Shakawali	author	Jedhe
Superior Donuts	author	Tracy Letts
The New American Diet	author	Best Life
The 10 Big Lies About America	author	Michael Medved
Al Fondo Hay Sitio	author	Gigio Aranda
Van Morrison: No Surrender	author	Johnny Rogan
Pearlie	author	Wendy Harmer
Jedhe Karina	author	Jedhe
I Think I'll Just Curl Up and Die!	author	Rosie Rushton
What a Week Omnibus Books 1-3	author	Rosie Rushton
What a Week Omnibus Books 4-6	author	Rosie Rushton
The Tao of Wu	author	RZA
For Your Eyes Only: Behind the Scenes of the James Bond Films	author	David Giammarco
For Your Eyes Only: Behind the Scenes of the James Bond Films	author	E. Howard Hunt
A Child Is Born (book)	author	Lennart Nilsson
Regular Show	author	J. G. Quintel
Kat Kong	author	Dav Pilkey
How Could You Do This To Me, Mum?	author	Rosie Rushton
Does Anyone Ever Listen?	author	Rosie Rushton
A Book of Heroes and Heroines	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Lustrum (novel)	author	Robert Harris (novelist)
Oh. My. Gods.	author	Tera Lynn Childs
Andromeda Klein	author	Frank Portman
The Godly Man's Picture	author	Thomas Watson
The Secrets of Love	author	Rosie Rushton
What a Week to Risk it All	author	Rosie Rushton
Summer of Secrets	author	Rosie Rushton
The German lesson	author	Siegfried Lenz
Atta (novel)	author	Francis Rufus Bellamy
A Morbid Taste for Bones	author	Edith Pargeter
Jacob's Rescue	author	Malka Drucker
The Storyteller (novel)	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
36 Children	author	Herbert Kohl (educator)
The Defence of the Realm	author	Christopher Andrew (historian)
Follow the Yellow Brick Road	author	Dennis Potter
Now They Call Me Infidel	author	Nonie Darwish
Cruel and Usual Punishment	author	Nonie Darwish
High Vacuum	author	Charles Eric Maine
Freddy and Simon the Dictator	author	Walter R. Brooks
Omerta (video game)	author	Moritz Daan
Septimus Heap: The Magykal Papers	author	Angie Sage
OpenXL	author	Royal Institute of Technology
OpenXL	author	Tokyo Institute of Technology
A Colossal Failure of Common Sense	author	Lawrence G. McDonald
A Colossal Failure of Common Sense	author	Patrick Robinson (author)
Van Morrison: Too Late to Stop Now	author	Steve Turner (writer)
Disney.in	author	The Walt Disney Company India Pvt. Ltd.
Valemont	author	Christian Taylor
Report to the Principal's Office	author	Jerry Spinelli
Timeliner	author	Charles Eric Maine
Dead in the Family	author	Charlaine Harris
The Naked Communist	author	Cleon Skousen
Mounting Fears	author	Stuart Woods
El capo	author	Gustavo Bolívar M.
Mach 1: A Story of Planet Ionus	author	Allen Adler
The WotWots	author	Martin Baynton
The WotWots	author	Peter Salmon (filmmaker)
In Broad Daylight	author	Harry N. MacLean
Soul Man (TV series)	author	Jon Pollack
Soul Man (TV series)	author	David Richardson (writer)
Soul Man (TV series)	author	Danny Smith (writer)
Soul Man (TV series)	author	Matt Williams (producer)
New York Dead	author	Stuart Woods
Dead in the Water (novel)	author	Stuart Woods
Swimming to Catalina	author	Stuart Woods
Electric Dreams (TV series)	author	Stuart Elliott
Electric Dreams (TV series)	author	Peter Sweasey
Micro Men	author	Tony Saint
Isaiah Eleven	author	Jesse Childs
Cut Numbers	author	Nick Tosches
Chaldea and I Dig Girls	author	Nick Tosches
Bats in the Air, Bats in My Hair	author	Martha Hamlett
Best Friends Together	author	Rosie Rushton
Best Friends Getting Sorted	author	Rosie Rushton
Flaws in the Glass	author	Patrick White
The Patron Saint of Butterflies	author	Cecilia Galante
Her Fearful Symmetry	author	Audrey Niffenegger
Twilight: Los Angeles, 1992	author	Anna Deavere Smith
Bloody Poetry	author	Howard Brenton
The Land of Green Plums	author	Herta Müller
The Unincorporated Man	author	Dani Kollin
The City Hall (TV series)	author	Kim Eun Sook
Best Friends in Love	author	Rosie Rushton
Total chaos (novel)	author	Jean-Claude Izzo
Chourmo	author	Jean-Claude Izzo
Solea (novel)	author	Jean-Claude Izzo
What a Week to Get Real	author	Rosie Rushton
Frankensteins of Fraud	author	Association of Certified Fraud Examiners#Joseph T. Wells
Sakin Sarisuri	author	Brindaban Das
The Secret Life of Salvador Dalí	author	Salvador Dalí
The Five Thousand Year Leap	author	Cleon Skousen
New York (novel)	author	Edward Rutherfurd
The Forsyte Saga (1967 series)	author	John Galsworthy
The Forsyte Saga (1967 series)	author	Donald Wilson (writer and producer)
The Forsyte Saga (1967 series)	author	Anthony Steven
The Forsyte Saga (1967 series)	author	Constance Cox
The Forsyte Saga (1967 series)	author	Lawrie Craig
The Forsyte Saga (1967 series)	author	Vincent Tilsley
Hi no Sakana	author	Murō Saisei
The Nigel Barton Plays	author	Dennis Potter
The Nigel Barton Plays  Vote, Vote, Vote for Nigel Barton   1	author	Dennis Potter
Requiem for a Fish	author	Christine Adamo
XDM: X-Treme Dungeon Mastery	author	Tracy Hickman
This Book Is Not Good for You	author	Pseudonymous Bosch
In the Hand of Dante	author	Nick Tosches
The Last Opium Den	author	Nick Tosches
Lowdown (TV series)	author	Amanda Brotchie
Lowdown (TV series)	author	Adam Zwar
Lowdown (TV series)	author	Trudy Hellier
Eight Months on Ghazzah Street	author	Hilary Mantel
Melodies and Guns	author	Mithinga Daimary
New Writings in SF 20	author	John Carnell
Point Omega	author	Don DeLillo
New Writings in SF 19	author	John Carnell
Power on Earth	author	Nick Tosches
Dino (biography)	author	Nick Tosches
Impossible Motherhood	author	Irene Vilar
Where Dead Voices Gather	author	Nick Tosches
The Devil and Sonny Liston	author	Nick Tosches
The QI Book of the Dead	author	John Lloyd (writer)
The QI Book of the Dead	author	John Mitchinson
Destry Rides Again (novel)	author	Max Brand
New Writings in SF 18	author	John Carnell
New Writings in SF 17	author	John Carnell
The Quiet War (novel)	author	Paul J. McAuley
Touch the Dark	author	Karen Chance
Dreams of My Russian Summers	author	Andreï Makine
Le Fait du prince	author	Amélie Nothomb
Social Theory of International Politics	author	Alexander Wendt
A Girl and Five Brave Horses	author	Sonora Webster Carver
My Darling, My Hamburger	author	Paul Zindel
Pardon Me, You're Stepping on My Eyeball!	author	Paul Zindel
New Writings in SF 16	author	John Carnell
New Writings in SF 15	author	John Carnell
Sullam al-Sama	author	Jamshīd al-Kāshī
Lost Souls (Dean Koontz novel)	author	Dean Koontz
The first tome or volume of the Paraphrase of Erasmus vpon the newe testamente	author	Nicholas Udall
Ramzor	author	Adir Miller
Guardians of Being	author	Eckhart Tolle
P.O.W.:Two Years with the Vietcong	author	George E. Smith
Invincible Lee Pyung Kang	author	Park Kye Ok
Gourmet (TV series)	author	Choi Wan Kyu
Gourmet (TV series)	author	Park Hoo Jung
Ancient Wisdom, Modern World	author	14th Dalai Lama
New Writings in SF 25	author	Kenneth Bulmer
New Writings in SF 26	author	Kenneth Bulmer
Aladore	author	Henry Newbolt
Race (play)	author	David Mamet
Wreckamovie	author	Timo Vuorensola
Black Apollo of Science: The Life of Ernest Everett Just	author	Kenneth Manning
Sherlock Holmes Was Wrong	author	Pierre Bayard
The Age of Wonder	author	Richard Holmes (biographer)
Glorifying Terrorism	author	Farah Mendlesohn
Oil City Symphony	author	Mike Craver
Oil City Symphony	author	Debra Monk
Domnei	author	James Branch Cabell
The Face of Jizo	author	Hisashi Inoue
The Face of Jizo  Chichi to Kuraseba The Face of Jizo Die Tage mit V  1	author	Hisashi Inoue
Breaking and Entering (novel)	author	H. R. F. Keating
Republican Belfast: a political tourist's guide	author	Robert Kerr
The Surge: A Military History	author	Kimberly Kagan
King of the Jews (Nick Tosches book)	author	Nick Tosches
Pages Stained With Blood	author	Mamoni Raisom Goswami
The Man from Chinnamasta	author	Mamoni Raisom Goswami
Sour Sweet	author	Timothy Mo
Beneath the City Streets	author	Peter Laurie (author)
They Used Dark Forces	author	Dennis Wheatley
Kelly (musical)	author	Eddie Lawrence
Tankboy TV	author	Charles Knight (filmmaker)
Executive Power	author	Vince Flynn
The leopards who have run with me	author	Bijan Najdi
The Literature of Australian Birds	author	Hubert Whittell
The Necromancer: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel	author	Michael Scott (Irish author)
After Aida	author	Julian Mitchell
Thirteen (Point Horror)	author	R. L. Stine
Thirteen (Point Horror)	author	Caroline B. Cooney
Thirteen (Point Horror)	author	Christopher Pike (author)
Thirteen (Point Horror)	author	D. E. Athkins
Thirteen (Point Horror)	author	A. Bates
Thirteen (Point Horror)	author	Jay Bennett (author)
Thirteen (Point Horror)	author	Carol Ellis
Thirteen (Point Horror)	author	Diane Hoh
Thirteen (Point Horror)	author	Lael Littke
Thirteen (Point Horror)	author	Sinclair Smith
Thirteen (Point Horror)	author	J. B. Stamper
Thirteen (Point Horror)	author	Ellen Emerson White
Thirteen (Point Horror)	author	Patricia Windsor
Carcase for Hounds	author	Meja Mwangi
SuperFreakonomics	author	Steven Levitt
SuperFreakonomics	author	Stephen J. Dubner
Olivia (Rosie Rushton novel)	author	Rosie Rushton
New Writings in SF 27	author	Kenneth Bulmer
New Writings in SF 28	author	Kenneth Bulmer
The 50th Law	author	Robert Greene (American author)
The 50th Law	author	50 Cent
La révolution Wikipédia	author	Pierre Gourdain
La révolution Wikipédia	author	Florence O'Kelly
La révolution Wikipédia	author	Béatrice Roman-Amat
La révolution Wikipédia	author	Delphine Soulas
La révolution Wikipédia	author	Tassilo von Droste zu Hülshoff
The Pigman's Legacy	author	Paul Zindel
From Anna	author	Jean Little
The Help	author	Kathryn Stockett
Birds of Western Australia	author	Dominic Serventy
ENRON (play)	author	Lucy Prebble
How to See Yourself As You Really Are	author	14th Dalai Lama
New Writings in SF 29	author	Kenneth Bulmer
New Writings in SF 30	author	Kenneth Bulmer
The Shrinking Man	author	Richard Matheson
The Infernal City	author	Gregory Keyes
Oxbridge Blues	author	Frederic Raphael
700 Sundays	author	Billy Crystal
The Handbook of Australian Sea-birds	author	Dominic Serventy
The Handbook of Australian Sea-birds	author	Vincent Serventy
Introduction to the Science of Hadith	author	Ibn al-Salah
Driving Like Crazy	author	P. J. O'Rourke
Mama Dearest	author	E. Lynn Harris
A Culture of Conspiracy: Apocalyptic Visions in Contemporary America	author	Michael Barkun
Budayeen Nights	author	George Alec Effinger
Budayeen Nights	author	Barbara Hambly
Beryl's Lot	author	Kevin Laffan
What Bird is That?	author	Neville William Cayley
The Birds of the District of Geelong, Australia	author	Charles Frederic Belcher
In Too Deep (The 39 Clues)	author	Jude Watson
The Bell at Sealey Head	author	Patricia A. McKillip
In the Forests of Serre	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Peter and the Sword of Mercy	author	Dave Barry
Peter and the Sword of Mercy	author	Ridley Pearson
Castle Dor (novel)	author	Daphne du Maurier
Castle Dor (novel)	author	Arthur Quiller-Couch
A Village Lost and Found	author	Brian May
Memorial Day (2004 novel)	author	Vince Flynn
Handbook to the Birds of Australia	author	John Gould
Bring 'Em Back Alive (book)	author	Frank Buck (animal collector)
Bring 'Em Back Alive (book)	author	Edward Anthony (writer)
Finding H.F.	author	Julia Watts
The Library Card	author	Jerry Spinelli
The Blue Star (novel)	author	Fletcher Pratt
Barbary (novel)	author	Vonda N. McIntyre
Od Magic	author	Patricia A. McKillip
The Best of Science Fiction	author	Groff Conklin
Lad, A Dog	author	Albert Payson Terhune
The Virginians	author	William Makepeace Thackeray
Filthy Lucre: Economics for People Who Hate Capitalism	author	Joseph Heath
Tête-à-tête (book)	author	Hazel Rowley
The Battle for God	author	Karen Armstrong
Bird Life	author	Ian Rowley
Kittyhawk Down	author	Garry Disher
Lavengro	author	George Borrow
The Pocket Book of Boners	author	Dr. Seuss
La Bible amusante	author	Léo Taxil
Molecular Biology of the Cell (textbook)	author	Bruce Alberts
Molecular Biology of the Cell (textbook)	author	Peter Walter
Krondor: The Assassins	author	Raymond E. Feist
The Leper of Saint Giles	author	Edith Pargeter
WorkNC	author	Sescoi
Rollie's Follies	author	Rollie Fingers
Rollie's Follies	author	Yellowstone Ritter
Eating the Dinosaur	author	Chuck Klosterman
Chinese Handcuffs	author	Chris Crutcher
Deadline (novel)	author	Chris Crutcher
Ashkharatsuyts (Anania Shirakatsi)	author	Anania Shirakatsi
Unfinished Symphony (Logan series)	author	V. C. Andrews
Kaleidoscope (short story collection)	author	Harry Turtledove
Departures (collection)	author	Harry Turtledove
A Mind at Peace	author	Ahmet Hamdi Tanpınar
A Web of Air	author	Philip Reeve
Celandine (novel)	author	Steve Augarde
The Panda Book of Horror	author	Paul Magrs
What the Dog Saw: And Other Adventures	author	Malcolm Gladwell
A Fine and Private Place	author	Peter S. Beagle
The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid	author	C. K. Prahalad
Room Full of Mirrors: A Biography of Jimi Hendrix	author	Charles R. Cross
Anne Pedersdotter (play)	author	Hans Wiers-Jenssen
The Mallee-Fowl	author	Harold Frith
The Green Hope	author	Tsang Kan Cheong
The Green Hope	author	Chu Keng Kei
Fish Hooks	author	Maxwell Atoms
Fish Hooks	author	Clayton Morrow
TweetGlide	author	Mike Filsaime
Skulduggery Pleasant: Dark Days	author	Derek Landy
Someday This Pain Will Be Useful to You	author	Peter Cameron (writer)
The Well of the Unicorn	author	Fletcher Pratt
A Room Overlooking the Nile	author	Ezzat el Kamhawi
A Field Guide to Australian Birds (Slater)	author	Peter Slater
Zaveshchanie russkogo fashista	author	Konstantin Rodzaevsky
The Task (poem)	author	William Cowper
Love, Lies and Lizzie	author	Rosie Rushton
Break Point	author	Rosie Rushton
Attica (novel)	author	Garry Kilworth
Getroud met rugby	author	Deon Opperman
Divorce Busting	author	Michele Weiner-Davis
Makers (Cory Doctorow novel)	author	Cory Doctorow
A People's History of American Empire	author	Howard Zinn
A People's History of American Empire	author	Paul Buhle
A People's History of American Empire	author	Mike Konopacki
The Children's Book	author	A. S. Byatt
The Cat Who Went Bananas	author	Lilian Jackson Braun
Gypsy Breynton	author	Elizabeth Stuart Phelps Ward
Kraken (novel)	author	China Miéville
To Have and To Hold (Moggach novel)	author	Deborah Moggach
A World to Win (Lanny Budd)	author	Upton Sinclair
Peter & Max: A Fables Novel	author	Bill Willingham
Freddy the Politician	author	Walter R. Brooks
One in Three Hundred	author	J. T. McIntosh
Arab Labor	author	Sayed Kashua
Blade on the Feather	author	Dennis Potter
Human Capital Supply Chain	author	Tim Giehl and Sara Moss
The Habit of Art	author	Alan Bennett
Where's My Jetpack?	author	Daniel H. Wilson
How to Build a Robot Army	author	Daniel H. Wilson
The Mad Scientist Hall of Fame	author	Daniel H. Wilson
Jean's Way	author	Derek Humphry
Whole Earth Discipline	author	Stewart Brand
Songs My Mother Never Taught Me	author	Selçuk Altun
Many and Many a Year Ago	author	Selçuk Altun
John Cotton's Birds of the Port Phillip District of New South Wales 1843-1849	author	Allan Reginald McEvey
The Persecutor	author	Sergei Kourdakov
Miranda (TV series)	author	Miranda Hart
Miranda (TV series)	author	James Cary (writer)
Miranda (TV series)	author	Richard Hurst
The Mechanical Bride: Folklore of Industrial Man	author	Marshall McLuhan
Living with the Dead (novel)	author	Kelley Armstrong
The Awakening (Armstrong novel)	author	Kelley Armstrong
The Reckoning (Armstrong novel)	author	Kelley Armstrong
A Field Guide to Nests and Eggs of Australian Birds	author	Gordon Beruldsen
The Way of Kings	author	Brandon Sanderson
Murderland	author	David Pirie
The Hawk and the Dove (book)	author	Nicholas Thompson (editor)
The War That Came Early	author	Harry Turtledove
The War That Came Early  West and East   1	author	Harry Turtledove
The War That Came Early  The Big Switch   1	author	Harry Turtledove
101 Dalmatians Musical	author	B.T. McNicholl
Music, Thought, and Feeling	author	William Forde Thompson
Germany's Aims in the First World War	author	Fritz Fischer
Invisible (2009 novel)	author	Paul Auster
Shadow Kiss (novel)	author	Richelle Mead
Campus (TV series)	author	Robert Harley (writer)
Campus (TV series)	author	James Henry (writer)
Campus (TV series)	author	Oriane Messina
Campus (TV series)	author	Victoria Pile
Campus (TV series)	author	Richard Preddy
Campus (TV series)	author	Fay Rusling
Campus (TV series)	author	Christian Sandino-Taylor
The Unconquerable World	author	Jonathan Schell
The Ornithology of Australia	author	Silvester Diggles
Johannes Cabal the Necromancer	author	Jonathan L. Howard
Rage: A Love Story	author	Julie Anne Peters
International Internet Preservation Consortium  1	author	National Library of New Zealand
International Internet Preservation Consortium  1	author	British Library
Death Note Another Note: The Los Angeles BB Murder Cases	author	Nisio Isin
SeaTools	author	Seagate Technology
The Chymical Wedding	author	Lindsay Clarke
Love is the Drug (TV series)	author	Darren Thornton
Love is the Drug (TV series)	author	Barbara Bergin
Love is the Drug (TV series)	author	Martin Maguire
This Misery of Boots	author	H. G. Wells
Turning On	author	Damon Knight
MyLife	author	Jeffrey Tinsley
SeeSaw (Internet television)	author	Arqiva
Twenties Girl	author	Madeleine Wickham
Twenties Girl	author	Madeleine Wickham
Can You Keep a Secret? (novel)	author	Madeleine Wickham
Can You Keep a Secret? (novel)	author	Madeleine Wickham
Sharp Teeth	author	Toby Barlow
Epitaphs for the Living	author	Billy Howard
Manituana	author	Wu Ming
The Undomestic Goddess (novel)	author	Madeleine Wickham
The Undomestic Goddess (novel)	author	Madeleine Wickham
The Birds of Australia (Mathews)	author	Gregory Mathews
Heroes in the Wind	author	Robert E. Howard
All You Need Is Kill	author	Hiroshi Sakurazaka
The Gangster We Are All Looking For	author	Lê thi diem thúy
Song of the Mysteries	author	Janny Wurts
The Canon: A Whirligig Tour of the Beautiful Basics of Science	author	Natalie Angier
Gekashitsu	author	Kyōka Izumi
Blu's Hanging	author	Lois-Ann Yamanaka
Angry Boys	author	Chris Lilley (comedian)
The Viper's Nest	author	Peter Lerangis
Muhammad: The "Banned" Images	author	Gary Hull
The One Minute Manager	author	Ken Blanchard
Fire World	author	Chris d'Lacey
The Bishop's Man	author	Linden MacIntyre
Chuno (TV series)	author	Chun Sung Il
206 Bones	author	Kathy Reichs
A Deal in Ostriches	author	H. G. Wells
The Pearl of Love	author	H. G. Wells
Buying Mittens	author	Nankichi Niimi
Power, Sex, Suicide: Mitochondria and the Meaning of Life	author	Nick Lane
The Book of Basketball: The NBA According to the Sports Guy	author	Bill Simmons
The Politically Incorrect Guide to English and American Literature	author	Elizabeth Kantor
The Dark Tower: The Wind Through the Keyhole	author	Stephen King
Nadirs (autobiography)	author	Herta Müller
Fading Echoes (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
Erskine May: Parliamentary Practice	author	Erskine May, 1st Baron Farnborough
A Lotus Grows in the Mud	author	Goldie Hawn
PhoneShop	author	Ricky Gervais
Heligoland (novel)	author	Shena Mackay
The Prophecy (novel)	author	Chris Kuzneski
Bakit Baligtad Magbasa ng Libro ang mga Pilipino?	author	Bob Ong
The New Girl (novel)	author	R. L. Stine
Blood Price (Tanya Huff)	author	Tanya Huff
The Surprise Party	author	R. L. Stine
Victim: The Other Side of Murder	author	Gary Kinder (author)
Muslim Mafia (book)	author	Paul Sperry
Oscar and the Lady in Pink (novel)	author	Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt
Last Words (book)	author	George Carlin
Google Closure Tools	author	Google
Egg Collecting and Bird Life of Australia	author	Sidney William Jackson
That Old Ace in the Hole	author	Annie Proulx
Flirt (novella)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
The Way the World is Going	author	H. G. Wells
Whose War Is It? (book)	author	Jack Granatstein
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Sixth Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
The Birds of Australia (Broinowski)	author	Gracius Joseph Broinowski
Delirium (1998 novel)	author	Douglas Anthony Cooper
Milrose Munce and the Den of Professional Help (novel)	author	Douglas Anthony Cooper
The Rifle	author	Gary Paulsen
Selected Letters of Philip Larkin, 1940–1985	author	Philip Larkin
Selected Letters of Philip Larkin, 1940–1985	author	Anthony Thwaite
O. Henry Playhouse	author	Dale Wasserman
Blueberry Girl	author	Neil Gaiman
When God Writes Your Love Story	author	Eric and Leslie Ludy
The Raven Woman	author	R. L. Stine
American Lion (book)	author	Jon Meacham
The Thing Around Your Neck	author	Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
N'Heures Souris Rames	author	Ormonde de Kay
Breathers: A Zombie's Lament	author	S. G. Browne
Shadows (novel)	author	Tim Bowler
Zombies: A Record of the Year of Infection	author	Don Roff
Tunnel Through Time	author	Lester del Rey
Of Paradise and Power	author	Robert Kagan
1942 (novel)	author	Robert Conroy
The Monster Men	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Northern Lights Audio	author	Philip Pullman
The Subtle Knife Audio	author	Philip Pullman
Prodromus Entomology	author	John Lewin
The Vision of Judgment	author	Lord Byron
Spirit Walker (novel)	author	Michelle Paver
The Unknown Terrorist	author	Richard Flanagan
The Awakening Evil	author	Eric Weiner
Soul Eater (novel)	author	Michelle Paver
Love to Love You Bradys	author	Susan Olsen
Subterranean (novel)	author	James Rollins
One Day (novel)	author	David Nicholls (writer)
The Man Who Could Be Santa	author	Joanna Wolper
The Sexes Throughout Nature	author	Antoinette Brown Blackwell
Wife Returns	author	Lee Hye Sun
The Deltora Book of Monsters	author	Jennifer Rowe
Flight of the Intruder (novel)	author	Stephen Coonts
The Famous Five (1970s TV series)	author	Enid Blyton
Geo-wiki	author	International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis
Geo-wiki	author	University of Applied Sciences Wiener Neustadt
Geo-wiki	author	University of Freiburg
Wired for Thought	author	Jeff Stibel
The Necromancer: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel/Forked version	author	Michael Scott (Irish author)
The Rhetoric of Reaction	author	Albert O. Hirschman
A New Fear	author	R. L. Stine
The Family: The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power	author	Jeff Sharlet
Eden (play)	author	Steve Carter (playwright)
City of Light (novel)	author	Lauren Belfer
Door of Death	author	Eric Weiner
Grunts!	author	Mary Gentle
Night Whispers (Warriors)	author	Erin Hunter
Dracula the Un-dead	author	Dacre Stoker
Roma (2008 book)	author	Steven Saylor
Nevis Mountain Dew	author	Steve Carter (playwright)
Handy Manny's Motorcycle Adventure    1	author	Susan Amerikaner
Historia Naturalis Brasiliae	author	Willem Piso
It's Perfectly Normal	author	Robie Harris
Talaash (TV series)	author	Anwar Maqsood
Capadocia (TV series)	author	Laura Sosa
Capadocia (TV series)	author	Leticia López Margalli
Capadocia (TV series)	author	Guillermo Ríos
Capadocia (TV series)	author	Carmen Madrid
The Biggest Game in Town	author	Al Alvarez
Khan Academy	author	Salman Khan (educator)
Stalking the Angel	author	Robert Crais
Free Fall (Robert Crais novel)	author	Robert Crais
Lullaby Town	author	Robert Crais
Voodoo River	author	Robert Crais
Sunset Express	author	Robert Crais
L.A. Requiem	author	Robert Crais
Indigo Slam	author	Robert Crais
The Last Detective (Robert Crais novel)	author	Robert Crais
The Forgotten Man (Robert Crais novel)	author	Robert Crais
Black Girl (play)	author	J. E. Franklin
From Impressionism To Anime: Japan As Fantasy And Fan Cult In The Western Imagination	author	Susan J. Napier
The Miernik Dossier	author	Charles McCarry
La Vendetta (Balzac)	author	Honoré de Balzac
The Tears of Autumn	author	Charles McCarry
The Unselfish Gene	author	Robert Douglas Burns
The Secret Lovers (novel)	author	Charles McCarry
The Dark Goddess	author	Marvin Albert
Pearl (radio play)	author	John Arden
Geographical kaleidoscope	author	Petr Kravchuk
The Hind and the Panther	author	John Dryden
The Best Halloween Ever	author	Barbara Robinson (author)
Men in Aida	author	David Melnick
The Last Supper (novel)	author	Charles McCarry
A Field Guide to the Birds of Australia (Pizzey)	author	Graham Pizzey
Stargonauts	author	David S. Garnett
Artemis Fowl: The Atlantis Complex	author	Eoin Colfer
Den Danske Vitruvius	author	Lauritz de Thurah
Here Be Daemons	author	Basil Copper
Face Forward	author	Kevyn Aucoin
The Giant Devil Dingo	author	Dick Roughsey
The Man in the Picture: A Ghost Story	author	Susan Hill
Erewhon Revisited	author	Samuel Butler (novelist)
The Green Bird	author	Carlo Gozzi
One of Those Hideous Books Where the Mother Dies	author	Sonya Sones
The Infinite Man	author	Daniel F. Galouye
Kay the Left-Handed	author	Leslie Barringer
Sleepwalking Land	author	Mia Couto
The Ghost Belonged to Me	author	Richard Peck (writer)
Parrot and Olivier in America	author	Peter Carey (novelist)
The Ghost-Seer	author	Friedrich Schiller
Raising My Voice	author	Malalai Joya
The Owl in the Attic and Other Perplexities	author	James Thurber
Tears of a Tiger	author	Sharon Draper
American Rust	author	Philipp Meyer
Breathless (novel)	author	Dean Koontz
Elvis (musical)	author	John Good (disambiguation)
Elvis (musical)	author	Ray Cooney
First Lord's Fury	author	Jim Butcher
People of the Lakes	author	Kathleen O'Neal Gear
People of the Lakes	author	W. Michael Gear
John, Paul, George, Ringo … and Bert	author	Willy Russell
Health and Efficiency (TV series)	author	Andrew Marshall
Mar de amor	author	Alberto Gómez
Mar de amor	author	María Antonieta Gutiérrez
The Devil's Novice	author	Edith Pargeter
Dame Lorraine (play)	author	Steve Carter (playwright)
All in the Mind (novel)	author	Alastair Campbell
The Human Use of Human Beings	author	Norbert Wiener
Matchless: A Christmas Story	author	Gregory Maguire
Sabadabadu	author	Nuno Severiano Teixeira
DNA Repair and Mutagenesis (textbook)	author	Richard D. Wood
One Last Look (play)	author	Steve Carter (playwright)
Devi Chaudhurani	author	Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay
Hafnia Hodierna	author	Lauritz de Thurah
Wilhelm Reich in Hell	author	Robert Anton Wilson
The Heir of Redclyffe	author	Charlotte Mary Yonge
Mr. Belloc Objects to "The Outline of History"	author	H. G. Wells
Pecong (play)	author	Steve Carter (playwright)
The Mammoth Book of Best New Manga	author	ILYA
Nudge (book)	author	Cass Sunstein
Nudge (book)	author	Richard Thaler
A Flight of Pigeons	author	Ruskin Bond
Wings Over Kansas	author	Carl Chance
The Glittering Prizes	author	Frederic Raphael
The Road to Memphis (novel)	author	Mildred D. Taylor
The Priory (play)	author	Michael Wynne (playwright)
A Mighty Fortress (novel)	author	David Weber
Confessions of a Teenage Baboon	author	Paul Zindel
Taboo (book)	author	Franz Baermann Steiner
The King of the Sea	author	Emilio Salgari
The Case for God	author	Karen Armstrong
Shadow and Act	author	Ralph Ellison
The Ascent of Wonder: The Evolution of Hard SF	author	David G. Hartwell
The Ascent of Wonder: The Evolution of Hard SF	author	Kathryn Cramer
Looking for Anne of Green Gables	author	Irene Gammel
Fatal Voyage	author	Kathy Reichs
The Making of Americans	author	Gertrude Stein
Reef of Death	author	Paul Zindel
Tentacles (novel)	author	Roland Smith
Gradiva (novel)	author	Wilhelm Jensen
Explorer's Handbook	author	Frank Brunner (game designer)
Explorer's Handbook	author	Rich Burlew
Explorer's Handbook	author	David Noonan (game designer)
Wonderland Revisited and the Games Alice Played There	author	Keith Sheppard
Small Island (television drama)	author	Andrea Levy
Small Island (television drama)	author	Paula Milne
Small Island (television drama)	author	Sarah Williams (screenwriter)
Lord Darcy (omnibus)	author	Randall Garrett
The Land of Little Rain	author	Mary Hunter Austin
Forgotten God (book)	author	Francis Chan
Who Killed the Canadian Military? (book)	author	Jack Granatstein
Mention My Name in Atlantis	author	John Jakes
Barbarian Princess (book)	author	Damion Hunter
Fever Dream (novel)	author	Douglas Preston
Fever Dream (novel)	author	Lincoln Child
Judgment Day: My Years with Ayn Rand	author	Nathaniel Branden
Jesus Video	author	Andreas Eschbach
How to Ditch Your Fairy	author	Justine Larbalestier
Robotomy	author	Michael Buckley (author)
The Bacon Cookbook	author	James Villas
SPICE (protocol)	author	Qumranet
The Hand of Power	author	Cameron Dokey
A Far Cry From Kensington	author	Muriel Spark
Lothair (novel)	author	Benjamin Disraeli
Yes Means Yes	author	Jaclyn Friedman
Yes Means Yes	author	Jessica Valenti
Leaving a Doll's House: A Memoir	author	Claire Bloom
Guardians of Liberty	author	Alma Bridwell White
Montmorency (novel)	author	Eleanor Updale
How Doth the Simple Spelling Bee	author	Owen Wister
Mother (Wister short story)	author	Owen Wister
The Wicker Man (novel)	author	Robin Hardy (film director)
The Wicker Man (novel)	author	Anthony Shaffer
The Evolutionary Void	author	Peter F. Hamilton
The Postmodern Mariner	author	Rhys Hughes
Barfing in the Backseat: How I Survived My Family Road Trip	author	Henry Winkler
Barfing in the Backseat: How I Survived My Family Road Trip	author	Lin Oliver
The Emperor's Games	author	Damion Hunter
The Centurions (book)	author	Damion Hunter
The Efficiency Expert (novel)	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Iesu!	author	Aled Jones Williams
Whitechapel Gods	author	S.M. Peters
Book A Novel	author	Robert Grudin
Greener Grass: The Famine Years	author	Caroline Pignat
Justice Hall	author	Laurie R. King
The Sunless City	author	J. E. Preston Muddock
The Sign of Fear	author	Cameron Dokey
Heart of the Hunter	author	Eric Weiner
Cotton Comes to Harlem (novel)	author	Chester Himes
Dance of Death (Fear Street)	author	Cameron Dokey
The Life of Josiah Henson, Formerly a Slave, Now an Inhabitant of Canada, as Narrated by Himself	author	Josiah Henson
Sungods in Exile	author	Sungods in Exile
Sungods in Exile	author	Sungods in Exile
Stones (novel)	author	William E. Bell
Birds of Australia: A Summary of Information	author	James David Macdonald (ornithologist)
The Dragon of Despair	author	Jane Lindskold
Wolf Captured	author	Jane Lindskold
Wolf Hunting	author	Jane Lindskold
Wolf's Blood	author	Jane Lindskold
STAR Academy – the novel	author	Edward Kay
Strange Brew (book)	author	P. N. Elrod
The Dead Father	author	Donald Barthelme
Opus (play)	author	Michael Hollinger
Real World (novel)	author	Natsuo Kirino
The Magician's Elephant	author	Kate DiCamillo
Sadratnamala	author	Sankara Varman
Feeling Very Strange: The Slipstream Anthology	author	James Patrick Kelly
STAR Academy (novel)	author	Edward Kay
Sidney Sheldon's Mistress of the Game	author	Sidney Sheldon
Sidney Sheldon's Mistress of the Game	author	Tilly Bagshawe
Danger Along the Ohio	author	Patricia Willis
Spill.com	author	Korey Coleman
A Sport of Nature	author	Nadine Gordimer
The Irish Filmography	author	Kevin Rockett
Cyber Rights	author	Mike Godwin
My Name Is Brain Brian	author	Jeanne Betancourt
Eating Animals	author	Jonathan Safran Foer
The Beckham Experiment	author	Grant Wahl
The Maze Runner	author	James Dashner
Traveller Wedding	author	Graham Jones (director)
Doctor Sleep (novel)	author	Stephen King
Waterlily (novel)	author	Ella Cara Deloria
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies: Dawn of the Dreadfuls	author	Steve Hockensmith
Spirit Bound (novel)	author	Richelle Mead
Đại Việt sử ký	author	Le Van Huu
Stories of Your Life and Others	author	Ted Chiang
Lobby Hero	author	Kenneth Lonergan
Rides a Dread Legion	author	Raymond E. Feist
Ryōmaden	author	Yasushi Fukuda
The Cat of Bubastes	author	G. A. Henty
Arc d'X	author	Steve Erickson
Breakable You	author	Brian Morton (American author)
Terra Sonâmbula	author	Mia Couto
The Power of Yes	author	David Hare (playwright)
Picture Motion Browser	author	Sony
Image of the Beast (novel)	author	Philip José Farmer
Beauchamp's Career	author	George Meredith
Hetty Feather	author	Jacqueline Wilson
Fat Cat (novel)	author	Robin Brande
Louie (TV series)	author	Louis C.K.
The Watter's Mou'	author	Bram Stoker
War of Anti-Christ with the Church and Christian Civilization	author	George F. Dillon
Fire Angels	author	Jane Routley
China Marine (memoir)	author	Eugene Sledge
The Odd Angry Shot (book)	author	William Nagle (author)
Run for Your Life (children's novel)	author	Lionel Davidson
Further Adventures of Lad	author	Albert Payson Terhune
Truth and Tolerance	author	Pope Benedict XVI
Aramaya	author	Jane Routley
The Memory Cathedral	author	Jack Dann
Enchanter (novel)	author	Sara Douglass
StarMan	author	Sara Douglass
The Infernal	author	Kim Wilkins
When You Reach Me	author	Rebecca Stead
Power Without Responsibility	author	James Curran (media historian)
Power Without Responsibility	author	Jean Seaton
I am 13 (play)	author	Merle Karusoo
Eve's Seed: Biology, the Sexes, and the Course of History	author	Robert S. McElvaine
A Dark Winter	author	Dave Luckett
As Primaveras	author	Casimiro de Abreu
The Storm Weaver and the Sand	author	Sean Williams (author)
Really Old, Like Forty Five	author	Mike Bartlett (playwright)
Hunting The Shadows: The Selected Stories of Tanith Lee, Volume Two	author	Tanith Lee
"U" Is for Undertow	author	Sue Grafton
The Crooked Letter	author	Sean Williams (author)
Meri Jeevan Yatra	author	Rahul Sankrityayan
The Two Pearls of Wisdom	author	Alison Goodman
Mus of Kerbridge	author	Paul Kidd
A Treatise on Money	author	John Maynard Keynes
Olympus on My Mind	author	Barry Harman
All That the Rain Promises and More...	author	David Arora
A Chipmunk Reunion	author	Ross Bagdasarian, Jr.
A Chipmunk Reunion	author	Janice Karman
Volga Se Ganga	author	Rahul Sankrityayan
Reader's Digest Complete Book of Australian Birds	author	Harold Frith
The House of Balthus	author	David Brooks (author)
Search for Senna	author	K. A. Applegate
Where Is Warehouse Mouse?	author	Rick Gitelson
Stop Pretending: What Happened When My Big Sister Went Crazy	author	Sonya Sones
The Eagle's Prophecy	author	Simon Scarrow
Girl (novel)	author	Blake Nelson
The Gladiator (Simon Scarrow)	author	Simon Scarrow
The Philadelphia Story (play)	author	Philip Barry
The Last Wizard	author	Tony Shillitoe
Dream Jungle	author	Jessica Hagedorn
The Singing Tree	author	Kate Seredy
Figure Away	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Stardance	author	Spider Robinson
Stardance	author	Jeanne Robinson
Starseed (novel)	author	Spider Robinson
Starseed (novel)	author	Jeanne Robinson
Starmind	author	Spider Robinson
Starmind	author	Jeanne Robinson
Always Fresh (book)	author	Ron Joyce
Always Fresh (book)	author	Robert Thompson (writer)
The Mirrored Heavens	author	David J. Williams
Tea With Terrorists	author	Craig Winn
Tea With Terrorists	author	Ken Power
Magic in Ithkar	author	Andre Norton
Magic in Ithkar	author	Robert Adams (science fiction writer)
Magic in Ithkar 2	author	Andre Norton
Magic in Ithkar 2	author	Robert Adams (science fiction writer)
Amityville: The Evil Escapes (book)	author	John G. Jones
The Cape Cod Mystery	author	Phoebe Atwood Taylor
Singularity's Ring	author	Paul Melko
Late Nite Comic	author	Allan Knee
Children's Letters to God	author	Stoo Hample
Case Histories	author	Kate Atkinson
Born Blue	author	Han Nolan
Foreign Devil	author	Christine Harris (author)
Let the Great World Spin	author	Colum McCann
Colors in the Dreamweaver's Loom	author	Beth Hilgartner
The Terrorist Hunters	author	Andy Hayman
Sleep No More (2009 play)	author	Felix Barrett
Sleep No More (2009 play)	author	Maxine Doyle
The Resurrectionists	author	Kim Wilkins
Angel of Ruin	author	Kim Wilkins
The Autumn Castle	author	Kim Wilkins
Giants of the Frost	author	Kim Wilkins
Red Cotton Night-Cap Country	author	Robert Browning
Rihanna (book)	author	Rihanna
Rihanna (book)	author	Simon Henwood
Man on the Moon (musical)	author	John Phillips (musician)
A Cauldron of Witches	author	Ruth Manning-Sanders
Impact (novel)	author	Douglas Preston
Ballroom of the Skies	author	John D. MacDonald
Dungeons & Dragons Companion Set	author	Frank Mentzer
MMAjunkie.com	author	Dann Stupp
Coders at work	author	Peter Seibel
The White Body of Evening	author	A. L. McCann
The Seance (Harwood novel)	author	John Harwood (writer)
Malaal	author	Umaira Ahmed
Born of the Sea	author	Victor Kelleher
Poor Little Bitch Girl	author	Jackie Collins
Behemoth (Westerfeld novel)	author	Scott Westerfeld
Willa's Wild Life	author	Dan Yaccarino
The Methods of Ethics	author	Henry Sidgwick
Flare Path	author	Terence Rattigan
Spook Country	author	William Gibson
Miracle's Boys (novel)	author	Jacqueline Woodson
Night Passage (Parker novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Iorich	author	Steven Brust
The War Within: America's Battle over Vietnam	author	Tom Wells
The Black Crusade	author	Richard Harland
The Pilo Family Circus	author	Will Elliott
The Mystery of the Sea	author	Bram Stoker
The Man (1905)	author	Bram Stoker
Miss Betty	author	Bram Stoker
The Shoulder of Shasta	author	Bram Stoker
Lady Athlyne	author	Bram Stoker
The Mount Marunga Mystery	author	Harrison Owen
Brooklyn (novel)	author	Colm Tóibín
Trouble in Paradise (Parker novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Anne Boleyn (play)	author	Howard Brenton
Bed of Roses (novel)	author	Nora Roberts
Land of Unlikeness	author	Robert Lowell
Personal Reminiscences of Henry Irving	author	Bram Stoker
Famous Impostors	author	Bram Stoker
Jetphotos.net	author	Chris Kilroy
Tommy Storm and the Galactic Knights	author	A.J. Healy
Gone (Jonathan Kellerman novel)	author	Jonathan Kellerman
Game Change	author	John Heilemann
Game Change	author	Mark Halperin
My Cleaner	author	Maggie Gee
Johnny Baseball (2010 musical)	author	Richard Dresser
I Am Jackie Chan	author	Jackie Chan
I Am Jackie Chan	author	Jeff Yang
The Burning Land	author	Bernard Cornwell
Eclipse (Bedford novel)	author	K. A. Bedford
Love, A Rather Bad Idea	author	Anirban Mukherjee
Red (play)	author	John Logan (writer)
Time Machines Repaired While-U-Wait	author	K. A. Bedford
Le Voyage d'Hiver	author	Amélie Nothomb
Where's Wally: The Incredible Paper Chase	author	Martin Handford
Food Rules: An Eater's Manual	author	Michael Pollan
The Flight of Dragons (book)	author	Peter Dickinson
Metal Fatigue (novel)	author	Sean Williams (author)
The Dark Imbalance	author	Sean Williams (author)
The Dark Imbalance	author	Shane Dix
Two Serious Ladies	author	Jane Bowles
Death in Paradise (Parker novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Intentional Logic	author	Henry Babcock Veatch
Going Bovine	author	Libba Bray
The Star-Crowned Kings	author	Rob Chilson
Days of Atonement	author	Michael Gregorio
Alice in Verse: The Lost Rhymes of Wonderland	author	J.T. Holden
The Blood of the Nation	author	David Starr Jordan
Karanapaddhati	author	Puthumana Somayaji
Bunnicula: A Rabbit-Tale of Mystery	author	James Howe
The White Abacus	author	Damien Broderick
The Postcard Killers	author	Liza Marklund
Mass Effect: Retribution	author	Drew Karpyshyn
Oracle VDI	author	Oracle Corporation
State of the World 2010: Transforming Cultures: From Consumerism to Sustainability	author	Worldwatch Institute
Johnny Pye and the Fool-Killer	author	Mark St. Germain
The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill	author	William Manchester
The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill	author	Paul Reid (writer)
Saraswatichandra (novel)	author	Govardhanram Tripathi
Vintage Season	author	Henry Kuttner
Transcension	author	Damien Broderick
Shattered Peace	author	Erin Hunter
The Auroras of Autumn	author	Wallace Stevens
Dravyasamgraha	author	Nemichandra
A Brief History of Crime	author	Peter Hitchens
Little Bird of Heaven	author	Joyce Carol Oates
The Native Star	author	M. K. Hobson
Good in Bed	author	Jennifer Weiner
Signature in the Cell	author	Stephen C. Meyer
Tokyo Fiancée	author	Amélie Nothomb
Of Course I Love You ..! Till I Find Someone Better	author	Durjoy Datta
Of Course I Love You ..! Till I Find Someone Better	author	Maanvi Ahuja
Less Than Human (novel)	author	Maxine McArthur
Cuisines of the Axis of Evil and Other Irritating States	author	C. Christine Fair
Keepers of the House	author	Lisa St Aubin de Terán
The Adventures of Philip	author	William Makepeace Thackeray
Horns (novel)	author	Joe Hill (writer)
Lilies In December	author	Agustus Montrose
Fazail-e-Sadqaat	author	Muhammad Zakariya al-Kandahlawi
Fine Just the Way It Is	author	Annie Proulx
K-Machines	author	Damien Broderick
Keeping It Real (novel)	author	Justina Robson
Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter	author	Seth Grahame-Smith
The 10,000 Year Explosion	author	Gregory Cochran
The 10,000 Year Explosion	author	Henry Harpending
Zoobreak	author	Gordon Korman
House full (TV series)	author	Redwan Rony
Brimstone (Robert B. Parker novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Emmanuelle (novel)	author	Emmanuelle Arsan
The Breaking Point (anthology)	author	Daphne du Maurier
Stone Cold (Parker novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
The Lion & the Mouse	author	Jerry Pinkney
The Atlantis Revelation	author	Thomas Greanias
Gulshan-e-Sukhan (Garden of Poetry)	author	Tanwir Phool
Floating in My Mother's Palm	author	Ursula Hegi
100 Cupboards	author	N. D. Wilson
Homer & Langley (novel)	author	E. L. Doctorow
Otherspace	author	David Stahler Jr.
Dear Father (book)	author	Bhabendra Nath Saikia
The Broken Wheel	author	Kerry Greenwood
Swords Against Death	author	Fritz Leiber
Swords in the Mist	author	Fritz Leiber
Swords Against Wizardry	author	Fritz Leiber
The Swords of Lankhmar	author	Fritz Leiber
Swords and Ice Magic	author	Fritz Leiber
The Knight and Knave of Swords	author	Fritz Leiber
Black Chicks Talking	author	Leah Purcell
The Australian Ugliness	author	Robin Boyd
Think or Sink: The One Choice that Changes Everything	author	Gina Mollicone-Long
Crystal (Walter Dean Myers novel)	author	Walter Dean Myers
Sri Krishna Rayabaram	author	Tirupati Venkata Kavulu
Deucalion (novel)	author	Brian Caswell
The Windup Girl	author	Paolo Bacigalupi
Vermeer's Hat: The Seventeenth Century and the Dawn of the Global World	author	Timothy Brook (historian)
Fermat's Last Theorem (book)	author	Simon Singh
The Sound of Thunder	author	Wilbur Smith
Swords Against the Shadowland	author	Robin Wayne Bailey
HPC Challenge Benchmark	author	University of Tennessee
Enviro-Capitalists: Doing Good While Doing Well	author	Terry L. Anderson
Dungeons & Dragons Master Rules	author	Frank Mentzer
The Novel (novel)	author	James A. Michener
Bones of the Dragon	author	Margaret Weis
Bones of the Dragon	author	Tracy Hickman
Untitled Lemony Snicket series	author	Lemony Snicket
Busybody Nora	author	Johanna Hurwitz
The Story of Sigurd the Volsung and the Fall of the Niblungs	author	William Morris
Death by a Thousand Cuts (book)	author	Timothy Brook (historian)
Deceit (TV serial)	author	Jacqueline Holborough
Deceit (TV serial)	author	Clare Francis
The Other Face of Janus	author	Louise Katz
Swallow the Sun (TV series)	author	Choi Wan Kyu
The Other Hand	author	Chris Cleave
Uncle Urfi	author	Haseena Moin
I Am Ozzy	author	Ozzy Osbourne
Greylands	author	Isobelle Carmody
The World Cup: A Captain's Tale	author	Neville Smith
The Complete Cosmicomics	author	Italo Calvino
The Trial of Dara Shikoh	author	Akbar S. Ahmed
Noor (play)	author	Akbar S. Ahmed
The Confusions of Pleasure: Commerce and Culture in Ming China	author	Timothy Brook (historian)
The Cultural Creatives	author	Paul H. Ray
The Cultural Creatives	author	Sherry Ruth Anderson
Breakfast with Les and Bess	author	Lee Kalcheim
The Third Choice: Islam, Dhimmitude and Freedom	author	Mark Durie
Eye to Eye (novel)	author	Catherine Jinks
The Bloodless Revolution: A Cultural History of Vegetarianism From 1600 to Modern Times	author	Tristram Stuart
The Big Book (Alcoholics Anonymous)	author	Bill W.
Trackers Series	author	Patrick Carman
Trackers Series  Trackers   1	author	Patrick Carman
Fact, Fiction, and Forecast	author	Nelson Goodman
Praying for Power: Buddhism and the Formation of Gentry Society in Late-Ming China	author	Timothy Brook (historian)
Course of Theoretical Physics	author	Lev Landau
Course of Theoretical Physics	author	Evgeny Lifshitz
Course of Theoretical Physics	author	Lev Pitaevskii
Me & Hitch!	author	Evan Hunter
Singing the Dogstar Blues	author	Alison Goodman
Project-Open	author	Philip Greenspun
Cockroach (novel)	author	Rawi Hage
Quelling the People: The Military Suppression of the Beijing Democracy Movement	author	Timothy Brook (historian)
A Dark Victory	author	Dave Luckett
A Bright Red Scream	author	Marilee Strong
High Profile (Parker novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Coupling (Greek TV series)	author	Tina Kampitsi
The American Senator	author	Anthony Trollope
Magic in Ithkar 3	author	Andre Norton
Magic in Ithkar 3	author	Robert Adams (science fiction writer)
Magic in Ithkar 4	author	Andre Norton
Magic in Ithkar 4	author	Robert Adams (science fiction writer)
Next Fall	author	Geoffrey Nauffts
The Chinese State in Ming Society	author	Timothy Brook (historian)
Gismonda	author	Victorien Sardou
Collaboration: Japanese Agents and Local Elites in Wartime China	author	Timothy Brook (historian)
The Last Mafioso	author	Ovid Demaris
The Eagle and the Raven	author	James A. Michener
Fatal System Error (book)	author	Joseph Menn
The Lost Fleet: Victorious	author	John G. Hemry
The Calligrapher	author	Edward Docx
Bite Me: A Love Story	author	Christopher Moore (author)
There Will Be Time	author	Poul Anderson
Foxy Lady (TV series)	author	Geoffrey Lancashire
Lost Soul Music	author	Chris Bush (playwright)
Madame Aphrodite (musical)	author	Tad Mosel
The Secret Book Club	author	Ann M. Martin
Lost in the Meritocracy: The Undereducation of an Overachiever	author	Walter Kirn
Bedlam (novel)	author	Ally Kennen
Sparks (novel)	author	Ally Kennen
Clybourne Park	author	Bruce Norris
Wonders of a Godless World	author	Andrew McGahan
The Hand of Glory	author	Sophie Masson
Microcosm: E. coli and the New Science of Life	author	Carl Zimmer
Living Shadows	author	Aribam Syam Sharma
Alyzon Whitestarr	author	Isobelle Carmody
Emperor Shaka the Great	author	Mazisi Kunene
Secret Army (novel)	author	Robert Muchamore
Henderson's Boys: The Escape	author	Robert Muchamore
Recessional (novel)	author	James A. Michener
I Drink for a Reason	author	David Cross
Finnikin of the Rock	author	Melina Marchetta
An Amateur Laborer	author	Theodore Dreiser
The Fires of Spring	author	James A. Michener
Big Girl (novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Legacy (2010 novel)	author	Danielle Steel
Return to Paradise (novel)	author	James A. Michener
The Bridges at Toko-Ri (novel)	author	James A. Michener
Solsidan (TV series)	author	Felix Herngren
Velo de novia	author	María Antonieta Gutiérrez
Velo de novia	author	Marcia del Río
The Water Margin (1997 TV series)	author	Shi Nai'an
The Voice of Asia	author	James A. Michener
Scientology (James R. Lewis book)	author	James R. Lewis (scholar)
The Ordeal of Richard Feverel	author	George Meredith
Folklore of Assam	author	Jogesh Das
Sayonara (novel)	author	James A. Michener
The Real Global Warming Disaster	author	Christopher Booker
The Watermen (novel)	author	James A. Michener
Diagnosis: Unknown	author	Alvin Boretz
Paladins in Troubled Times	author	Liang Yusheng
The Language of Bees	author	Laurie R. King
South Pacific (novel)	author	James A. Michener
My Lost Mexico	author	James A. Michener
Miracle in Seville	author	James A. Michener
Matecumbe (novel)	author	James A. Michener
The Moon in the Cloud	author	Rosemary Harris (writer)
Lost Signs	author	Malina Detcheva
Lost Signs	author	Franck Ollivier
Motown and Didi (Walter Dean Myers novel)	author	Walter Dean Myers
Marjorie's Quest	author	Jeanie Gould
The Wolves in the Walls	author	Neil Gaiman
Collected Stories for Children	author	Walter de la Mare
Adaptability and Partnership: Issues for the Strategic Defence Review	author	Government of the United Kingdom
Sword Stained with Royal Blood (2007 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Book and the Sword (2008 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Devil's Wind	author	Manohar Malgonkar
Blocks to Robots	author	Marina Bers
The Proud Twins (2005 TV series)	author	Gu Long
The Proud Twins (2005 TV series)	author	Wong Jing
Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils (1997 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Darksong	author	Isobelle Carmody
Nonkilling Global Political Science	author	Glenn D. Paige
Alphablocks	author	Max Allen
Alphablocks	author	Joe Elliott
Alphablocks	author	Neil Richards
Alphablocks	author	Maurice Suckling
Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils (2003 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Legend of the Condor Heroes (2003 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Einstein Girl	author	Philip Sington
A Hymn Before Battle	author	John Ringo
Gust Front (novel)	author	John Ringo
Hell's Faire	author	John Ringo
Salvation on Sand Mountain	author	Dennis Covington
OpenSeaMap	author	OpenStreetMap
Entre el amor y el odio	author	Liliana Abud
Doutrina Christam em Lingoa Bramana Canarim	author	Thomas Stephens (Jesuit)
The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber (2009 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber (2003 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Condor Heroes 95	author	Jin Yong
Honour & Other People's Children	author	Helen Garner
The Art of Avatar: James Cameron's Epic Adventure	author	Peter Jackson
The Art of Avatar: James Cameron's Epic Adventure	author	Jon Landau
The Art of Avatar: James Cameron's Epic Adventure	author	James Cameron
The Reversal	author	Michael Connelly
Resurrectionist (James McGee novel)	author	James McGee (author)
Through the Wheat	author	Thomas Alexander Boyd
Watch on the Rhine (novel)	author	Tom Kratman
Yellow Eyes	author	John Ringo
Yellow Eyes	author	Tom Kratman
The Bride of Abydos	author	Lord Byron
The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes	author	Christopher Yost
Le Chasseur Zéro	author	Pascale Roze
New Heavenly Sword and Dragon Sabre	author	Jin Yong
The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber (1993 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber (2000 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Fox Volant of the Snowy Mountain (2006 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Legend of the Condor Heroes (2008 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Bill's New Frock	author	Anne Fine
Dalvik Turbo virtual machine	author	Myriad Group
Pastime (novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Lankhmar – City of Adventure	author	Douglas Niles
Lankhmar – City of Adventure	author	Ken Rolston
The Last Centurion	author	John Ringo
Eye of the Storm (Ringo novel)	author	John Ringo
The Tuloriad	author	John Ringo
The Tuloriad	author	Tom Kratman
Pinta (software)	author	Jonathan Pobst
Fangavaktin	author	Jóhann Ævar Grímsson
Fangavaktin	author	Jón Gnarr
Fangavaktin	author	Jörundur Ragnarsson
Fangavaktin	author	Pétur Jóhann Sigfússon
Fangavaktin	author	Ragnar Bragason
Lucky Days	author	Hsu Yu-ting
Lucky Days	author	Mao Hsun-jung
Lucky Days	author	Chou Ping-chi
Lucky Days	author	Chen Chiu-ju
Lucky Days	author	Hsieh Ping-hsun
Cally's War	author	John Ringo
Cally's War	author	Julie Cochrane
The Hero (novel)	author	John Ringo
The Hero (novel)	author	Michael Z. Williamson
Sister Time	author	John Ringo
Sister Time	author	Julie Cochrane
A Behanding in Spokane	author	Martin McDonagh
Honor of the Clan	author	John Ringo
Honor of the Clan	author	Julie Cochrane
The Lost Books of the Odyssey	author	Zachary Mason
Saiwai Qixia Zhuan	author	Liang Yusheng
The Legendary Swordsman	author	Jin Yong
Blue Screen (Parker novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
No Less Than Victory	author	Jeffrey Shaara
Slow Chocolate Autopsy	author	Iain Sinclair
Slow Chocolate Autopsy	author	Dave McKean
L'ordalia	author	Italo Alighiero Chiusano
Nupedia	author	Jimmy Wales
Nupedia	author	Larry Sanger
Just Hear It	author	Cosmin Panait
Just Hear It	author	Nicolae Ivanescu
The Legend and the Hero	author	Xu Zhonglin (Ming Dynasty)
Half the Blood of Brooklyn	author	Charlie Huston
The Legend and the Hero 2	author	Xu Zhonglin (Ming Dynasty)
ECPlaza	author	Inkyu Park
Every Last Drop	author	Charlie Huston
My Dead Body	author	Charlie Huston
The Smiling, Proud Wanderer (1984 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
State of Divinity (1996 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
State of Divinity (2000 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Seedfolks	author	Paul Fleischman
The Book of Sand (book)	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Psychoanalysis and Religion	author	Erich Fromm
Mockingjay	author	Suzanne Collins
Oi Treis Harites	author	Michalis Reppas
Oi Treis Harites	author	Thanasis Papathanasiou
Princeton Application Repository for Shared-Memory Computers	author	Princeton University
Princeton Application Repository for Shared-Memory Computers	author	Intel
Skyscraperman	author	Dan Goodwin
Description of a Struggle (collection)	author	Franz Kafka
Doctor to the Barrios	author	Juan Flavier
Zero History	author	William Gibson
Wind and Cloud	author	Ma Wing-shing
Andy Robson	author	Ted Childs
World of Warcraft: Arthas: Rise of the Lich King	author	Christie Golden
The Scottsboro Boys (musical)	author	David Thompson (writer)
Sweets and Other Stories	author	Andre Williams
Dungeons & Dragons Immortals Rules	author	Frank Mentzer
The Adventures of Harry Richmond	author	George Meredith
A Catalogue of Books Printed in the Fifteenth Century now in the Bodleian Library	author	Block book
Seven Ages of Britain (BBC series)	author	David Dimbleby
Geniş Aile	author	Kamuran Süner
Geniş Aile	author	Cüneyt İnay
Mary Marston	author	George MacDonald
Dream Weavers (anthology)	author	Paul Collins (fantasy writer)
Hospital of the Transfiguration	author	Stanisław Lem
Ramage and the Freebooters	author	Dudley Pope
When Christ and His Saints Slept	author	Sharon Kay Penman
Devil's Brood	author	Sharon Kay Penman
Time and Chance (novel)	author	Sharon Kay Penman
Penguin Lost	author	Andrey Kurkov
Evernight (novel)	author	Claudia Gray
Forged by Fire (novel)	author	Sharon Draper
The War I Always Wanted	author	Brandon Friedman
Double Identity (novel)	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
One Morning in Maine	author	Robert McCloskey
You Take the Kids	author	Paul Haggis
Jewelpet	author	Sanrio
Jewelpet	author	Sega
Dungeons & Dragons Expert Set	author	Tom Moldvay
Threepenny Novel	author	Bertolt Brecht
The Heat of the Day	author	Elizabeth Bowen
Brilliance (book)	author	Amber Grady
Stone's Fall	author	Iain Pears
Santa Olivia	author	Jacqueline Carey
Full Dark, No Stars	author	Stephen King
Conservative Victory: Defeating Obama's Radical Agenda	author	Sean Hannity
Shakespeare's Memory (book)	author	Jorge Luis Borges
Heroes and Horrors	author	Fritz Leiber
Blackout/All Clear	author	Connie Willis
Abner & Me	author	Dan Gutman
Blaze of Silver	author	K M Grant
The Horns of Elfland	author	Ellen Kushner
The Horns of Elfland	author	Delia Sherman
The Horns of Elfland	author	Donald G. Keller
The Unfinished Revolution	author	Michael Dertouzos
Heroic Visions	author	Jessica Amanda Salmonson
Heroic Visions II	author	Jessica Amanda Salmonson
Filn	author	High Vision
Crimson Sabre	author	Jin Yong
The Legend of Lu Xiaofeng (2006 TV series)	author	Gu Long
This is Jinsy	author	Chris Bran
This is Jinsy	author	Justin Chubb
The Devil and Sherlock Holmes	author	David Grann
The Zen of CSS Design	author	Dave Shea
The Zen of CSS Design	author	Molly Holzschlag
JCore	author	Istvan Petres
The Book of Fritz Leiber	author	Fritz Leiber
Closer (novel)	author	Roderick Gordon
The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary	author	Jeff Kinney (writer)
Letters of Ayn Rand	author	Ayn Rand
Comet (book)	author	Carl Sagan
Courthouse (TV series)	author	Ian Biederman
Courthouse (TV series)	author	Dennis Cooper
Courthouse (TV series)	author	Dan Levine
Courthouse (TV series)	author	Deborah Joy LeVine
Courthouse (TV series)	author	Roger Lowenstein
Courthouse (TV series)	author	Gina Prince-Bythewood
The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia	author	Michael Gray (author)
Meri Zaat Zara-e-Benishan	author	Umaira Ahmed
The Dirty Energy Dilemma	author	Benjamin K. Sovacool
The Return of the Condor Heroes (1983 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Little Hands Clapping	author	Dan Rhodes
Master Swordsman Lu Xiaofeng	author	Gu Long
Master Swordsman Lu Xiaofeng 2	author	Gu Long
Asmalı Konak	author	Mahinur Ergun
Dreaming Down-Under	author	Jack Dann
Dreaming Down-Under	author	Janeen Webb
Summer of the Aliens	author	Louis Nowra
Xiagu Danxin	author	Liang Yusheng
The Patriotic Knights	author	Liang Yusheng
Hawkeye Collins and Amy Adams	author	M. Masters
Pool (website)	author	Australian Broadcasting Corporation
Spare Change (Parker novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
What Darwin Got Wrong	author	Jerry Fodor
What Darwin Got Wrong	author	Massimo Piattelli-Palmarini
Android Karenina	author	Ben H. Winters
The Second Book of Fritz Leiber	author	Fritz Leiber
The Book of Lairs	author	Jim Ward (game designer)
The Book of Lairs	author	Michael Breault
25 Bridge Conventions You Should Know	author	Barbara Seagram
25 Bridge Conventions You Should Know	author	Marc Smith (bridge)
Fire (Cashore novel)	author	Kristin Cashore
Stranger in Paradise (Parker novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Happy to be Here	author	Garrison Keillor
Song for the Basilisk	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Diaries 1969–1979: The Python Years	author	Michael Palin
Bug Jack Barron	author	Norman Spinrad
Suckers: How alternative medicine makes fools of us all	author	Rose Shapiro
I Ching	author	Fu Xi
The Secret History of the Mongol Queens: How the Daughters of Genghis Khan Rescued His Empire	author	Jack Weatherford
Virtual World (novel)	author	Chris Westwood (author)
Google Chrome Extensions	author	Google
A Light in the Black	author	Chris Westwood (author)
Becoming Julia	author	Chris Westwood (author)
The Black Forest Clinic	author	Herbert Lichtenfeld
The Best of Fritz Leiber	author	Fritz Leiber
No One Would Listen: A True Financial Thriller	author	Harry Markopolos
Charley Weaver's Hobby Lobby	author	Cliff Arquette
Charley Weaver's Hobby Lobby	author	Harvey Bullock (writer)
Planning the Play of a Bridge Hand	author	Barbara Seagram
Planning the Play of a Bridge Hand	author	David Bird
You Say Tomato, I Say Shut Up	author	Annabelle Gurwitch
Bluebell in Fairyland	author	Seymour Hicks
Shiroh	author	Kazuki Nakashima
Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown (musical)	author	Jeffrey Lane
The Sacrament of the Body and Blood of Christ—Against the Fanatics	author	Martin Luther
Real Murders	author	Charlaine Harris
JSLint	author	Douglas Crockford
A Change of Climate	author	Hilary Mantel
Letters from the Inside	author	John Marsden (writer)
Metro 2033 (novel)	author	Dmitry Glukhovsky
Soy tu dueña	author	Kary Fajer
Evelyn (play)	author	Rhys Adrian
Post Mortem (Gurney play)	author	A. R. Gurney
On Parole (novel)	author	Akira Yoshimura
A Beautiful Blue Death	author	Charles Finch
Tara of the Twilight	author	Lin Carter
Southern Blood: New Australian Tales of the Supernatural	author	Bill Congreve
Daylight Robbery (novel)	author	Surender Mohan Pathak
Dominant Species (novel)	author	Michael E. Marks
Street magic Tv	author	Matt Grindley
Music Hall Magic	author	Matt Grindley
Music Hall Magic	author	Slim Ingram
The Old Masters (play)	author	Simon Gray
Hate That Cat	author	Sharon Creech
Great Mambo Chicken and the Transhuman Condition: Science Slightly over the Edge	author	Ed Regis (author)
Space Opera (1996 anthology)	author	Elizabeth Ann Scarborough
Athletic Shorts: Six Short Stories	author	Chris Crutcher
The Pitcher Shower	author	Donald Harington
The Pigman & Me	author	Paul Zindel
Instinct (TV serial)	author	Lizzie Mickery
Perchance to Dream (novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Lost Boys: Why Our Sons Turn Violent and How We Can Save Them	author	James Garbarino
The Mars Project	author	Wernher von Braun
Ghost Stories (play)	author	Jeremy Dyson
CLyther	author	GeoSPin Inc.
The Man Who (Thought He) Looked Like Robert Taylor	author	Bienvenido Santos
The Woman Who Had Two Navels	author	Nick Joaquin
Biggest Elvis: A Novel	author	P. F. Kluge
The Birthing of Hannibal Valdez	author	Alfrredo Navarro Salanga
LivingSocial	author	Tim O'Shaughnessy (businessman)
No Apology: The Case for American Greatness	author	Mitt Romney
Personal Foul (book)	author	Tim Donaghy
The Wings of the Sphinx	author	Andrea Camilleri
The Woman in Black (play)	author	Susan Hill
The Woman in Black (play)	author	Stephen Mallatratt
Literary Reflections	author	James A. Michener
The Emperor's Code	author	Gordon Korman
Atlantic Free Press	author	Richard Kastelein
The Cruelest Month	author	Louise Penny
Nepenthes of Sumatra and Peninsular Malaysia	author	Charles Clarke (botanist)
Freddy Plays Football	author	Walter R. Brooks
Cave and Shadows	author	Nick Joaquin
The Running Man	author	Stephen King
Earth Begotten	author	Jacqueline Carey
Greek (play)	author	Steven Berkoff
Fox at the Front	author	Michael Dobson (author)
Fox at the Front	author	Douglas Niles
The Right to Write	author	Julia Cameron
The Romantic Swordsman (1995 TV series)	author	Gu Long
Agog! Smashing Stories	author	Catriona Sparks
Karma Cola	author	Gita Mehta
The Boy who talked to trees (book)	author	Yashwant Vithoba Chittal
Eight Heroes	author	Wong Jing
Le miroir de Cassandre	author	Bernard Werber
The Story of Tom Brennan	author	J.C Burke
The Autumn Garden	author	Lillian Hellman
Daikaiju! Giant Monster Tales	author	Rob Hood
Daikaiju! Giant Monster Tales	author	Robin Pen
The Condemned of Altona	author	Jean-Paul Sartre
Fires of Winter	author	Johanna Lindsey
Watts Up With That?	author	Anthony Watts (blogger)
Hearts Aflame	author	Johanna Lindsey
Index.hr	author	Matija Babić
Ishmael and the Return of the Dugongs	author	Michael Gerard Bauer
Quarry (novel)	author	Ally Kennen
Sufferings in Africa	author	James Riley
Solar (novel)	author	Ian McEwan
Reinvent Your Enterprise	author	Jack Bergstrand
The World Is My Home	author	James A. Michener
The Tenth Muse Lately Sprung Up in America	author	Anne Bradstreet
Palos of the Dog Star Pack	author	John Ulrich Giesy
The Battle (novel)	author	Patrick Rambaud
The Gemma Factor	author	Tony Pitts
Freddy and the Perilous Adventure	author	Walter R. Brooks
The Legion of Extraordinary Dancers	author	Jon Chu
State of War (novel)	author	Ninotchka Rosca
Will Grayson, Will Grayson	author	John Green (author)
Will Grayson, Will Grayson	author	David Levithan
Bamboo in the Wind	author	Azucena Grajo Uranza
‘GAPÔ	author	Lualhati Bautista
The Monster in the Box	author	Ruth Rendell
Journey Among Warriors	author	Ève Curie
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland retold in words of one syllable	author	Lewis Carroll
Twice Blessed	author	Ninotchka Rosca
The Summer of the Danes	author	Edith Pargeter
Viajero	author	F. Sionil José
The Delicate Prey and Other Stories	author	Paul Bowles
Nepenthes of Borneo	author	Charles Clarke (botanist)
Treatise on the Gods	author	H. L. Mencken
Queen Taramis	author	Robert E. Howard
Sputnik (JavaScript conformance test)	author	Christian Plesner Hansen
Sputnik (JavaScript conformance test)	author	Sandholm
Mass (novel)	author	F. Sionil José
The Pretenders (novel)	author	F. Sionil José
Tree (novel)	author	F. Sionil José
The Ballad of Abu Ghraib	author	Philip Gourevitch
The Rosales Saga	author	F. Sionil José
On My Walk	author	Kari-Lynn Winters
Bedtime Tales	author	Yoko Mori
A Fatal Grace (novel)	author	Louise Penny
Africa Bible Commentary	author	Tokunboh Adeyemo
UniFLOW Output Manager	author	Karsten Huster
Song of the Trees	author	Mildred D. Taylor
The Dragon's Lair (novel)	author	Elizabeth Haydon
Bam's World Domination	author	Bam Margera
I Walked with Heroes	author	Carlos P. Romulo
Illustrations of the Family of the Psittacidae, or Parrots	author	Edward Lear
The Mouthpiece of Zitu	author	John Ulrich Giesy
Jason, Son of Jason	author	John Ulrich Giesy
The Rage Against God	author	Peter Hitchens
Night and Day (Parker novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Sustainagility	author	Patrick Dixon
Sustainagility	author	Johan Gorecki
In the Claws of Brightness	author	Edgardo M. Reyes
The Return of the Condor Heroes (TTV)	author	Jin Yong
Book and Sword, Gratitude and Revenge	author	Jin Yong
Clara in Blunderland	author	Edward Harold Begbie
Lost in Blunderland	author	Edward Harold Begbie
Merry Tales	author	Mark Twain
Split Image (novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
The Book and the Sword (1994 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
New Fairy Tales (1844)	author	Hans Christian Andersen
The Book and the Sword (CTS)	author	Jin Yong
Book and Sword Chronicles	author	Jin Yong
EurOut.org	author	Sandra Showtime
Richard Bolitho, Midshipman	author	Douglas Reeman
The Trade of Queens	author	Charles Stross
Pitcher Plants of the Old World	author	Stewart McPherson (geographer)
Eidolon I	author	Jonathan Strahan
Eidolon I	author	Jeremy G. Byrne
Rewriting the Soul: Multiple Personality and the Sciences of Memory	author	Ian Hacking
Shadrach in the Furnace	author	Robert Silverberg
Collectors, Forgers — And A Writer: A Memoir	author	James A. Michener
The Master of Game	author	Edward of Norwich, 2nd Duke of York
Sondheim on Sondheim	author	James Lapine
Fairy Tales Told for Children (1838)	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Paper Cities: An Anthology of Urban Fantasy	author	Ekaterina Sedia
ABC of Emergency Radiology	author	Otto Chan
Ultrasound in Emergency Care	author	Otto Chan
I Don't Care About Your Band	author	Julie Klausner
Venvaroha	author	Mādhava of Sañgamāgrama
Girltrash!	author	Angela Robinson
Hourglass (novel)	author	Claudia Gray
Moonlight Mile (novel)	author	Dennis Lehane
A Million Miles in a Thousand Years	author	Donald Miller (author)
Purity and Danger	author	Mary Douglas
Natural Symbols	author	Mary Douglas
Satanas sa Lupa	author	Celso Al. Carunungan
The Return of the Condor Heroes (1984 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Sleepless : a novel	author	Charlie Huston
Risk and Blame	author	Mary Douglas
Zone of Emptiness	author	Hiroshi Noma
Hush, Hush	author	Becca Fitzpatrick
Darkness, Take My Hand	author	Dennis Lehane
The Art of Racing in the Rain	author	Garth Stein
Finding Chandra	author	Scott Higham
Finding Chandra	author	Sari Horwitz
Breadpig	author	Alexis Ohanian
A Passing Season	author	Azucena Grajo Uranza
The Road to Total Freedom	author	Roy Wallis
Feast of the Innocents	author	Azucena Grajo Uranza
Women of Tammuz	author	Azucena Grajo Uranza
I, Sniper	author	Stephen Hunter
Play Dead (novel)	author	Harlan Coben
Gone for Good (novel)	author	Harlan Coben
Miracle Cure (novel)	author	Harlan Coben
Come Fly Away	author	Twyla Tharp
Symposium (novel)	author	Muriel Spark
Night of the Grizzlies	author	Jack Olsen
The Attenbury Emeralds	author	Jill Paton Walsh
The Demon in the Sun Parlor	author	Lester Goran
The Keeper of Secrets	author	Lester Goran
Side Jobs (novel)	author	Jim Butcher
Easy to Assemble	author	Illeana Douglas
Morpheus Road	author	D. J. MacHale
Walking Shadow	author	Robert B. Parker
The Oxford Book of Science Fiction Stories	author	Tom Shippey
Jamaica Inn (TV serial)	author	Derek Marlow
Jamaica Inn (TV serial)	author	Daphne du Maurier
We, the Drowned	author	Carsten Jensen
Blockade Billy	author	Stephen King
Self Help (novel)	author	Edward Docx
Walk of the Spirits	author	Richie Tankersley Cusick
Spiritual Heritage of India (book)	author	Swami Prabhavananda
Storm Warning (The 39 Clues)	author	Linda Sue Park
The treatment of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire	author	Arnold J. Toynbee
Aşk-ı Memnu	author	Halit Ziya Uşaklıgil
The Foxtrot	author	Rhys Adrian
Gods of Honour	author	Xu Zhonglin (Ming Dynasty)
The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner	author	Stephenie Meyer
The Slave (novel)	author	Isaac Bashevis Singer
The Life of Vertebrates	author	John Zachary Young
Children of the River	author	Linda Crew
Maza of the Moon	author	Otis Adelbert Kline
The Copper Elephant	author	Adam Rapp
Mektig og avmektig	author	Ivar Hippe
The Cruise of the Breadwinner	author	H. E. Bates
Zhou Enlai: The Last Perfect Revolutionary	author	Gao Wenqian
Kai Lung Raises His Voice	author	Ernest Bramah
Madah-Sartre	author	Alek Baylee Toumi
The Monstrumologist	author	Rick Yancey
On the Night of the Seventh Moon	author	Eleanor Hibbert
Glitz (novel)	author	Elmore Leonard
And Who Will Make the Chapatis?	author	Bishakha Datta
Sin (novel)	author	F. Sionil José
Vibora!	author	F. Sionil José
Inventing the AIDS Virus	author	Peter Duesberg
Ben Singkol	author	F. Sionil José
St. Urbain's Horseman	author	Mordecai Richler
The Retreat (novel)	author	Patrick Rambaud
Son of a Smaller Hero	author	Mordecai Richler
Bring Me the Head of Prince Charming	author	Roger Zelazny
Bring Me the Head of Prince Charming	author	Robert Sheckley
A Choice of Enemies	author	Mordecai Richler
Jackson's Dilemma	author	Iris Murdoch
White Figure, White Ground	author	Hugh Hood
The Swing in the Garden	author	Hugh Hood
The Hockey Stick Illusion	author	Andrew Montford
The Courtney Novels	author	Wilbur Smith
Nonviolent Soldier of Islam	author	Eknath Easwaran
Playing with Fire (book)	author	Theoren Fleury
Playing with Fire (book)	author	Pyramid Productions
Spécialités de la Maison	author	Christine Schwartz Hartley
Spécialités de la Maison	author	Graydon Carter
Dracula the Undead (novel)	author	Freda Warrington
Rizal: Philippine Nationalist and Martyr	author	Austin Coates
24 for 3	author	Charles Boyle (poet)
Midnight and the Meaning of Love	author	Sister Souljah
Gandhi the Man	author	Eknath Easwaran
The Principal Upanishads (book)	author	Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan
The Twelfth Card	author	Jeffery Deaver
I Was Told There'd Be Cake	author	Sloane Crosley
The Prisoner in the Opal	author	A. E. W. Mason
They Wouldn't Be Chessmen	author	A. E. W. Mason
The House in Lordship Lane	author	A. E. W. Mason
Skulduggery Pleasant: Mortal Coil	author	Derek Landy
The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet	author	David Mitchell (author)
The Nader Report on the Federal Trade Commission	author	Edward F. Cox
The Nader Report on the Federal Trade Commission	author	Robert Fellmeth
The New Media Reader	author	Noah Wardrip-Fruin
The New Media Reader	author	Nick Montfort
Rules and Meanings	author	Mary Douglas
Into the Gauntlet	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
No-No Boy (play)	author	Ken Narasaki
The Global Bell Curve	author	Richard Lynn
The Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain (1991 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain (1978 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Moved and the Shaken	author	Ken Dryden
Matilda (musical)	author	Dennis Kelly
The Head of the House of Coombe	author	Frances Hodgson Burnett
Hum Pardesi Ho Gaye	author	Vipul Amrutlal Shah
Big River, Big Sea — Untold Stories of 1949	author	Lung Ying-tai
Detective School	author	Bernie Kukoff
Foundations of Geopolitics	author	Aleksandr Dugin
The Witness (TV series)	author	Irve Tunick
Kuch Gunjoan Ki Shaan Mein	author	Mahmud Khan
Freaky Green Eyes	author	Joyce Carol Oates
Sword Stained with Royal Blood (1977 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
RedDwarf Server	author	Sun Microsystems
Evolution: The Story of Life	author	Douglas Palmer
South Sea Tales (1911)	author	Jack London
The Mind's Eye (book)	author	Oliver Sacks
The Return of the Condor Heroes (1976 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Lime Media Marketing	author	Lime Media
The Book of Khalid	author	Ameen Rihani
The Book of Khalid	author	Ameen Fares Rihani
The Seventh Scroll	author	Wilbur Smith
Jerk (play)	author	Dennis Cooper
Rapture of the Deep (novel)	author	L.A. Meyer
The Legend of the Condor Heroes (1988 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The Legend of the Condor Heroes (1976 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Extracts from Adam's Diary	author	Mark Twain
The Duke of Mount Deer (CTV)	author	Jin Yong
The Duke of Mount Deer (1998 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
The $30,000 Bequest and Other Stories	author	Mark Twain
My Platonic Sweetheart	author	Mark Twain
Concerning the Jews	author	Mark Twain
The Big Short	author	Michael Lewis (author)
Monday or Tuesday	author	Virginia Woolf
A Carne	author	Júlio Ribeiro
The Beacon (novel)	author	Susan Hill
Ornamentalism	author	David Cannadine
Horrible Histories (2001 TV series)	author	Terry Deary
Tinkers (novel)	author	Paul Harding (author)
The Dead Republic	author	Roddy Doyle
Red Dog (short story)	author	Nancy Gillespie
The Dead Hand	author	David E. Hoffman
Marker (novel)	author	Robin Cook (American novelist)
Daimajin Kanon	author	Shinji Ōishi
Daimajin Kanon	author	Ai Sumikawa
Daimajin Kanon	author	Naruhisa Arakawa
Daimajin Kanon	author	Shinsuke Ōnishi
Daimajin Kanon	author	Miyuki Sekiguchi
Stockade (software)	author	Swinburne University of Technology
The Wonderful Visit	author	H. G. Wells
Tao: On the Road and on the Run in Outlaw China	author	Aya Goda
The Book of Mormon (musical)	author	Trey Parker
The Book of Mormon (musical)	author	Robert Lopez
The Book of Mormon (musical)	author	Matt Stone
The Lele of the Kasai	author	Mary Douglas
Ash (novel)	author	Malinda Lo
FlockDB	author	Twitter
Gizzard (Scala framework)	author	Twitter
In Mike We Trust	author	Patrick Ryan (author)
Spark of Life (novel)	author	Erich Maria Remarque
The Dark Abode	author	Sarojini Sahoo
Frame-IT!	author	Bruce Hearder
Sprout (novel)	author	Dale Peck
Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners	author	John Bunyan
The Custom of the Army	author	Diana Gabaldon
Vellum (novel)	author	Hal Duncan
Funeral Games (play)	author	Joe Orton
Girls Gone Mild	author	Wendy Shalit
Italian Shoes (novel)	author	Henning Mankell
Star Island (novel)	author	Carl Hiaasen
Monk Dawson (novel)	author	Piers Paul Read
For the Win	author	Cory Doctorow
The Vast Fields of Ordinary	author	Nick Burd
Spells (novel)	author	Aprilynne Pike
Everyday Rapture	author	Dick Scanlan
Everyday Rapture	author	Sherie Rene Scott
How It Happened	author	Arthur Conan Doyle
After Ever After	author	Jordan Sonnenblick
Ms Wildthyme and Friends Investigate	author	Stuart Douglas (writer)
Ms Wildthyme and Friends Investigate	author	Cody Schell
Ms Wildthyme and Friends Investigate	author	Jim Smith (writer)
Ms Wildthyme and Friends Investigate	author	Nick Wallace
Essence of the Upanishads (book)	author	Eknath Easwaran
Young Andersen	author	Rumle Hammerich
The Assisi Underground	author	Alexander Ramati
Gagamba (novel)	author	F. Sionil José
Sherds (novel)	author	F. Sionil José
Beautiful Creatures (book)	author	Kami Garcia
Beautiful Creatures (book)	author	Margaret Stohl
Ashling	author	Isobelle Carmody
February Shadows	author	Elisabeth Reichart
The Improvisatore	author	Hans Christian Andersen
Vanities, A New Musical	author	Jack Heifner
A New Athens	author	Hugh Hood
Men at Work: The Craft of Baseball	author	George Will
McOndo (book)	author	Alberto Fuguet
McOndo (book)	author	Sergio Gómez
Matterhorn: A Novel of the Vietnam War	author	Karl Marlantes
The Blind Barber	author	John Dickson Carr
Treasures of the Snow	author	Patricia St. John
Dead or Alive (novel)	author	Tom Clancy
Dead or Alive (novel)	author	Grant Blackwood
Hunting the Snark	author	Robert Peters
Motorz TV	author	Chris Duke
Under the Deodars	author	Rudyard Kipling
The Adventures of Paddy the Beaver	author	Thornton Burgess
Radiant Shadows	author	Melissa Marr (author)
The Inverted World (novel)	author	Christopher Priest (novelist)
Cybele's Secret	author	Juliet Marillier
Directive 51 (novel)	author	John Barnes (author)
Beware the Stranger	author	Ahmed Khalifa
Little Darlings (novel)	author	Jacqueline Wilson
The Looney Tunes Show	author	Hugh Davidson (actor)
The Looney Tunes Show	author	Doug Langdale
The Looney Tunes Show	author	Steve Little (actor)
The Island Beneath the Sea	author	Isabel Allende
Zones (novel)	author	Damien Broderick
Stuck in Fast Forward	author	Damien Broderick
Savage Range	author	Luke Short (writer)
Dragon Haven	author	Robin Hobb
Electric Light (poetry)	author	Seamus Heaney
Drayman Henschel	author	Gerhart Hauptmann
The White House Doctor	author	Eleanor Mariano
The Desert Spear	author	Peter V. Brett
Decision Points	author	George W. Bush
Tongues of Serpents	author	Naomi Novik
Ultimate Spider-Man (TV series)	author	Brian Michael Bendis
Ultimate Spider-Man (TV series)	author	Paul Dini
Young Justice (TV series)	author	Greg Weisman
Young Justice (TV series)	author	Nicole Dubuc
Young Justice (TV series)	author	Jon Weisman
Young Justice (TV series)	author	Peter David
Obama Zombies: How the Liberal Machine Brainwashed My Generation	author	Jason Mattera
Dance on My Grave	author	Aidan Chambers
Major Decisions: Taking Charge of Your College Education	author	Henry J. Eyring
Secret of the Sixth Magic	author	Lyndon Hardy
Riddle of the Seven Realms	author	Lyndon Hardy
Assassin's Creed: Renaissance	author	Oliver Bowden
Cryoburn	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
To Damascus	author	August Strindberg
Wild Cargo (book)	author	Frank Buck (animal collector)
Wild Cargo (book)	author	Edward Anthony (writer)
Scary Musical	author	Jon Smith
Revolutionary Suicide	author	Huey P. Newton
Fireworks and Darkness	author	Natalie Jane Prior
Mino (TV miniseries)	author	Salvator Gotta
Mino (TV miniseries)	author	Sandro Petraglia
Mino (TV miniseries)	author	Stefano Rulli
Mino (TV miniseries)	author	Piero Schivazappa
The Magician of Lhasa	author	David Michie
Fang and Claw (book)	author	Frank Buck (animal collector)
Fang and Claw (book)	author	Ferrin Fraser
Bhagavad Gita (Sargeant)	author	Winthrop Sargeant
Outside Over There	author	Maurice Sendak
The Faraway Lurs	author	Harry Behn
Creditors (play)	author	August Strindberg
A Matter of Chance	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Necroscope (novel)	author	Brian Lumley
Necroscope II: Wamphyri	author	Brian Lumley
Necroscope III: The Source	author	Brian Lumley
Necroscope IV: Deadspeak	author	Brian Lumley
Necroscope V: Deadspawn	author	Brian Lumley
Five Daughters	author	Stephen Butchard
The Last Aerie	author	Brian Lumley
Tim Thompson in the Jungle	author	Frank Buck (animal collector)
Tim Thompson in the Jungle	author	Ferrin Fraser
Blood Brothers (Brian Lumley novel)	author	Brian Lumley
They Call Me Baba Booey	author	Gary Dell'Abate
Making Europe Unconquerable	author	Gene Sharp
Handbook of Religion and Health	author	Harold G. Koenig
Handbook of Religion and Health	author	Michael E. McCullough
How Beautiful the Ordinary	author	Michael Cart
Silent Show	author	Ernie Kovacs
Details of a Sunset	author	Vladimir Nabokov
A Dog on Barkham Street	author	Mary Stolz
Irish Fairy Tales	author	James Stephens (author)
Jungle Animals (book)	author	Frank Buck (animal collector)
Jungle Animals (book)	author	Ferrin Fraser
Spider's Voice	author	Gloria Skurzynski
Echoes of Valor	author	Karl Edward Wagner
Echoes of Valor II	author	Karl Edward Wagner
Echoes of Valor III	author	Karl Edward Wagner
Aalaap mein girah	author	Geet Chaturvedi
Straight Up (book)	author	Joseph J. Romm
Psychology of Religion and Coping (book)	author	Kenneth Pargament
The Collected Stories of Amy Hempel	author	Amy Hempel
Gayopakhyanam	author	Chilakamarthi Lakshmi Narasimham
Metamaterials: Physics and Engineering Explorations	author	Nader Engheta
Metamaterials: Physics and Engineering Explorations	author	Richard W. Ziolkowski
Echoes of Life	author	Susan M. Gaines
Echoes of Life	author	Geoffrey Eglinton
Carbon Dreams	author	Susan M. Gaines
Lemurs of Madagascar (book)	author	Russell Mittermeier
No Time For Goodbye	author	Linwood Barclay
The Executioner (Kisyov novel)	author	Stefan Kisyov
Beatrice and Virgil	author	Yann Martel
Shetkaryaca Asud	author	Jyotirao Phule
The Tragedy of Today's Gays	author	Larry Kramer
Doll's House (TV series)	author	Abul Kalam Azad
Once You're Lucky, Twice You're Good	author	Sarah Lacy
Too Close to Home	author	Linwood Barclay
Fear the Worst	author	Linwood Barclay
The Scarecrows	author	Robert Westall
Pitcher-Plants of Borneo	author	Anthea Phillipps
Pitcher-Plants of Borneo	author	Anthony Lamb
Pitcher-Plants of Borneo	author	Ch'ien Lee
Win Shares (book)	author	Bill James
Expressive Processing	author	Noah Wardrip-Fruin
On Hallowed Ground	author	Colin McComb
Tratame bien	author	Pablo Lago
Tratame bien	author	Susana Cardozo
The Alchemy of Stone	author	Ekaterina Sedia
The Morganville Vampires	author	Rachel Caine
The Lolly-Madonna War	author	Sue Grafton
Damned (novel)	author	Chuck Palahniuk
History Upside Down: The Roots of Palestinian Fascism and the Myth of Israeli Aggression	author	David Meir-Levi
Lankar of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
The Virtual Disappearance of Miriam	author	Martyn Bedford
Renegade of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
Emily Windsnap and the Monster from the Deep	author	Liz Kessler
Thin Air (novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Ylana of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
Designing Virtual Worlds	author	Richard Bartle
More Than Conquerors (novel)	author	Edilberto K. Tiempo
The Rainbow Cadenza	author	J. Neil Schulman
Killer Instinct (novel)	author	Joseph Finder
Mind Wizards of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
Truman (book)	author	David McCullough
The Bridge: The Life and Rise of Barack Obama	author	David Remnick
Cry Slaughter!	author	Edilberto K. Tiempo
Pollard (novel)	author	Laura Beatty
Interny	author	Vyacheslav Dusmukhametov
Herculine Barbin: Being the Recently Discovered Memoirs of a Nineteenth-century French Hermaphrodite	author	Herculine Barbin
Herculine Barbin: Being the Recently Discovered Memoirs of a Nineteenth-century French Hermaphrodite	author	Michel Foucault
Creature in the Teacher (Spooksville)	author	Christopher Pike
Monroe (TV series)	author	Peter Bowker
The Carrie Diaries	author	Candace Bushnell
The Chess Master	author	Zhong Acheng
The Multiple Effects of Rainshadow	author	Thea Astley
A Quiet Belief In Angels	author	R. J. Ellory
Lasermannen (TV series)	author	Ulf Ryberg
Mushroom in the Sand	author	Farsheed Ferdowsi
Monsieur Beaucaire (novel)	author	Booth Tarkington
Max and the Cats	author	Moacyr Scliar
Angel: A Maximum Ride Novel	author	James Patterson
A Pack of Lies	author	Geraldine McCaughrean
The 100 Greatest Metal Guitarists	author	Joel McIver
The True Deceiver	author	Tove Jansson
Mad Empress of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
Come Back to the Five and Dime, Jimmy Dean, Jimmy Dean (play)	author	Ed Graczyk
Outcast (Michelle Paver novel)	author	Michelle Paver
Slangman's World	author	David Burke (author)
Hanımın Çiftliği (TV series)	author	Zülküf Yücel
Sweet Little Lies	author	Lauren Conrad
Homebase (novel)	author	Shawn Wong
Goggle-Eyes	author	Anne Fine
Sky Pirates of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
Microsoft Pinpoint	author	Microsoft
Doing Business in 21st Century India	author	Gunjan Bagla
Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization	author	Red Hat
King Matt the First	author	Janusz Korczak
Oath Breaker (novel)	author	Michelle Paver
Black Legion of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
Power Hungry	author	Robert Bryce (writer)
The Rootkit Arsenal: Escape and Evasion in the Dark Corners of the System	author	Bill Blunden
The School for Atheists	author	Arno Schmidt
The Phantom 'Rickshaw and other Eerie Tales	author	Rudyard Kipling
The September Society	author	Charles Finch
Folkd	author	Bastian Karweg
Body Awareness	author	Annie Baker
Jandar of Callisto	author	Lin Carter
The Life You Can Save	author	Peter Singer
Gears of War: Anvil Gate	author	Karen Traviss
The Castle in the Attic	author	Elizabeth Winthrop
In Persuasion Nation	author	George Saunders
CivilWarLand in Bad Decline	author	George Saunders
Pastoralia	author	George Saunders
The Immortals of Meluha	author	Amish Tripathi
Haciendas de Jalisco y Aledaños (1506–1821)	author	Ricardo Lancaster-Jones y Verea
The White Hart (novel)	author	Nancy Springer
Multidimensional Measurement of Religiousness/Spirituality (book)	author	John Fetzer
Multidimensional Measurement of Religiousness/Spirituality (book)	author	National Institute on Aging
That's So Weird (TV series)	author	Gary Pearson
That's So Weird (TV series)	author	Duncan McKenzie (writer)
That's So Weird (TV series)	author	Albert Howell
The Little Bookroom	author	Eleanor Farjeon
The Tree of Seasons	author	Stephen Gately
Unstoppable Global Warming: Every 1,500 Years	author	Fred Singer
Unstoppable Global Warming: Every 1,500 Years	author	Dennis Avery
The Doctor In War	author	Woods Hutchinson
Finch (novel)	author	Jeff VanderMeer
The Incredible Origins of the Onyx Sun	author	Christopher Mahoney
Fasting, Feasting	author	Anita Desai
Why We Disagree About Climate Change	author	Mike Hulme
The Smartest Guys in the Room (book)	author	Bethany McLean
The Smartest Guys in the Room (book)	author	Peter Elkind
The Twelve Kingdoms: The Vast Spread of the Seas	author	Fuyumi Ono
The Rogue (novel)	author	Trudi Canavan
SF X Fantasy Rayforce	author	Bom Ui-hwan
Zen Wrapped in Karma Dipped in Chocolate	author	Brad Warner
Ghost Story (Butcher novel)	author	Jim Butcher
Eaarth	author	Bill McKibben
The End of Nature	author	Bill McKibben
Wee Willie Winkie and Other Child Stories	author	Rudyard Kipling
Extraordinary Canadians: Marshall McLuhan	author	Douglas Coupland
The Interpreter (Suki Kim novel)	author	Suki Kim
Dark Days in Monkey City	author	Joe Casey
Dark Days in Monkey City	author	Joe Kelly (writer)
City Primeval	author	Elmore Leonard
The Merman's Children	author	Poul Anderson
The End of the Free Market: Who Wins the War Between States and Corporations	author	Ian Bremmer
Beer in the Snooker Club	author	Waguih Ghali
So This Is How It Ends	author	Tui T. Sutherland
Lies of Silence	author	Brian Moore (novelist)
The Very Persistent Gappers of Frip	author	George Saunders
The Braindead Megaphone	author	George Saunders
The Big Rich	author	Bryan Burrough
Rock-Paper-Sumo	author	Frima Studio
Don't Look Behind You	author	Lois Duncan
Ralph the Heir	author	Anthony Trollope
America by Heart	author	Sarah Palin
Alternate Tyrants	author	Mike Resnick
The Master and Margaret	author	Aleksandar Petrović (film director)
The Master and Margaret	author	Mikhail Bulgakov
The Flaxton Boys	author	Sid Waddell
The Flaxton Boys	author	Barry Cockcroft
The Flaxton Boys	author	Jeremy Burnham
Napoleon Bonaparte: An Intimate Biography	author	Vincent Cronin
The God of the Hive	author	Laurie R. King
Windows Phone Marketplace	author	Microsoft
The Haunting of Hiram C. Hopgood	author	Eva Ibbotson
The Temperamentals	author	Jon Marans
The Darkangel	author	Meredith Ann Pierce
American History: A Survey	author	Richard N. Current
American History: A Survey	author	T. Harry Williams
American History: A Survey	author	Frank Freidel
American History: A Survey	author	Alan Brinkley
The District Leader	author	Joseph E. Howard
Cinta Fitri	author	Hilman Hariwijaya
Cinta Fitri	author	Lintang Wardani
Nomad: From Islam to America	author	Ayaan Hirsi Ali
The Fellowship of the Ring	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Trent's Own Case	author	Edmund Clerihew Bentley
Impressions of Theophrastus Such	author	George Eliot
Mantram Handbook	author	Eknath Easwaran
Of Love and Evil	author	Anne Rice
Cuneus Prophetarum	author	Pjetër Bogdani
Irish Ghost, English Accent	author	Graham Jones (director)
Desmond (novel)	author	Charlotte Smith (author)
Go (Kaneshiro novel)	author	Kazuki Kaneshiro
Lian Cheng Jue (TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Ode to Gallantry (1985 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Hap Hak Hang	author	Jin Yong
Ode to Gallantry (2002 TV series)	author	Jin Yong
Kingdoms of Elfin	author	Sylvia Townsend Warner
Lolly Willowes	author	Sylvia Townsend Warner
Two Blondes	author	Charlaine Harris
Valencia (novel)	author	Michelle Tea
The Legend of the Lost Keys	author	Jim Eldridge
The Strangest Man	author	Graham Farmelo
Spellfury	author	Travis Gordon
Diff'rent Strokes	author	Martin Cohan
Last Sacrifice (novel)	author	Richelle Mead
Jimmy Hughes, Rookie Cop	author	Bruce Geller
Split Images	author	Elmore Leonard
It's a Battlefield	author	Graham Greene
If Israel Lost the War	author	Steven Barnes
Henry and Beezus	author	Beverly Cleary
Gorgeous East	author	Robert Girardi
City of Fallen Angels	author	Cassandra Clare
The Hunted (novel)	author	Elmore Leonard
A People's Tragedy	author	Orlando Figes
The Quants	author	Scott Patterson (author)
The Predators' Ball	author	Connie Bruck
Sugar and Spice (novel)	author	Lauren Conrad
Asshole: How I Got Rich and Happy by Not Giving a Shit About You	author	Asshole: How I Got Rich and Happy by Not Giving a Shit About You
The Happiness Hypothesis	author	Jonathan Haidt
The Accidental Billionaires	author	Ben Mezrich
TCP/IP Illustrated	author	W. Richard Stevens
Midget (novel)	author	Tim Bowler
The Borrowers Afield	author	Mary Norton (author)
Owning an Electric Car	author	Michael Boxwell
Solar Electricity Handbook	author	Michael Boxwell
Cuando quiero llorar no lloro	author	Miguel Otero Silva
Where Men Win Glory: The Odyssey of Pat Tillman	author	Jon Krakauer
Pictures from the Water Trade	author	John David Morley
Maya (novel)	author	Alastair Campbell
Pappa polis	author	Laura Trenter
Henderson's Boys: Eagle Day	author	Robert Muchamore
Emma Brown	author	Clare Boylan
Emma Brown	author	Charlotte Brontë
A Wilderness of Vines	author	Hal Bennett
Lord of Dark Places	author	Hal Bennett
Snow Blind (novel)	author	P. J. Tracy
Shoot to Thrill (novel)	author	P. J. Tracy
In the Labyrinth (novel)	author	John David Morley
The Case of Thomas N.	author	John David Morley
The Feast of Fools	author	John David Morley
The Anatomy Lesson (1995 novel)	author	John David Morley
Destiny, or The Attraction of Affinities	author	John David Morley
Journey to the End of the Whale	author	John David Morley
Passage (2007 novel)	author	John David Morley
The Book of Opposites	author	John David Morley
Chelsea Chelsea Bang Bang	author	Chelsea Handler
East of the Mountains	author	David Guterson
Lee Nelson's Well Good Show	author	Simon Brodkin
The Barn Burner	author	Patricia Willis
Mathematical Methods in the Physical Sciences	author	Mary L. Boas
Roopit	author	Roopit Technologies
I Am Not a Serial Killer	author	Dan Wells (author)
Mr. Monster	author	Dan Wells (author)
Death Cloud	author	Andy Lane
The L-Shaped Room (novel)	author	Lynne Reid Banks
Akasya Durağı	author	Resul Ertaş
It's Bigger Than Hip Hop	author	M. K. Asante
Starseeker	author	Tim Bowler
Dayworld Rebel	author	Philip José Farmer
B Is for Beer	author	Tom Robbins
Can You Hear Their Voices?	author	Hallie Flanagan
Tyler Boudreau	author	Tyler Boudreau
People Like Us (book)	author	Waleed Aly
The Emperors of Chocolate: Inside the Secret World of Hershey and Mars	author	Joël Glenn Brenner
Blood Oath (Farnsworth novel)	author	Christopher Farnsworth
Stack Exchange Network	author	Jeff Atwood
Stack Exchange Network	author	Joel Spolsky
The Saint, the Surfer, and the CEO: A Remarkable Story About Living Your Heart's Desires	author	Robin Sharma
Workers (Gong Ren)	author	Helen Couchman
Gusher of Lies	author	Robert Bryce (writer)
Imgland	author	Alexander Løvheim
Bloodchild (novel)	author	Tim Bowler
This Passionate Land	author	Hal Bennett
Chords of Strength: A Memoir of Soul, Song, and the Power of Perseverance	author	David Archuleta
Worth Dying For (novel)	author	Lee Child
Your Dream Home	author	Hubbard Cobb
It's So Amazing	author	Robie Harris
Gideon's Sword	author	Douglas Preston
Gideon's Sword	author	Lincoln Child
Wait Until the Evening	author	Hal Bennett
Heavenly Breakfast	author	Samuel R. Delany
The Salt Eaters	author	Toni Cade Bambara
The New Rulers of the World (book)	author	John Pilger
The New Confessions	author	William Boyd (writer)
Good Calories, Bad Calories	author	Gary Taubes
Accused (TV series)	author	Jimmy McGovern
Accused (TV series)	author	Danny Brocklehurst
Accused (TV series)	author	Alice Nutter
Weird City	author	Joshua Long
Crazy (2010 novel)	author	William Peter Blatty
The 19th Wife	author	David Ebershoff
All Men Are Brothers (TV series)	author	Shi Nai'an
Classic book	author	Herman Melville
Purity in Death	author	Nora Roberts
Common Nonsense: Glenn Beck and the Triumph of Ignorance	author	Alexander Zaitchik
Scorch (TV series)	author	Allan Katz
Mr. Potter (novel)	author	Jamaica Kincaid
A Short History of the English People	author	John Richard Green
Requiem (Young novel)	author	Robyn Young
Fierce Conversations	author	Susan Scott
Tom Climbs the Fence	author	Shane Worrell
Nepenthes of Mount Kinabalu	author	Shigeo Kurata
Medium Raw	author	Anthony Bourdain
No Reservations (book)	author	Anthony Bourdain
Random Harvest	author	James Hilton
Promises in Death	author	Nora Roberts
My Friend The Moon	author	Andre Dahan
The Overton Window	author	Glenn Beck
Abercrombie Station	author	Jack Vance
The Hoosier Schoolmaster (novel)	author	Edward Eggleston
The Passage (2010 novel)	author	Justin Cronin
The Gilt Kid	author	James Curtis (author)
Terry Carr's Best Science Fiction of the Year	author	Terry Carr
Leave the Light On (Memoir)	author	Jennifer Storm
Zen Ties	author	Jon J Muth
The Council of Dads	author	Bruce Feiler
The Twin	author	Gerbrand Bakker (novelist)
When All You've Ever Wanted Isn't Enough	author	Harold Kushner
Battles of the Clans	author	Erin Hunter
Statecraft: Strategies for a Changing World	author	Margaret Thatcher
Journey to the West (2011 TV series)	author	Wu Cheng'en
The Tourist (novel)	author	Olen Steinhauer
Ruža na asfaltu	author	Igor Weidlich
Implicit Meanings	author	Mary Douglas
Journey to the West (2010 TV series)	author	Wu Cheng'en
The Winds of Winter	author	George R. R. Martin
The Lost Hero	author	Rick Riordan
Incarceron	author	Catherine Fisher
The Rousters	author	Terrence McDonnell
Final Theory (novel)	author	Mark Alpert
Welcome to Thebes	author	Moira Buffini
Hingede öö	author	Karl Ristikivi
Imede saar	author	Karl Ristikivi
Kahekordne mäng	author	Karl Ristikivi
Lohe hambad	author	Karl Ristikivi
Mees, kes teadis ussisõnu	author	Andrus Kivirähk
Mõrsjalinik	author	Karl Ristikivi
Nõiduse õpilane	author	Karl Ristikivi
Ohvrilaev	author	Gert Helbemäe
Põlev lipp	author	Karl Ristikivi
Rakvere romaan	author	Jaan Kross
Rehepapp	author	Andrus Kivirähk
Rohtaed	author	Karl Ristikivi
Rooma päevik	author	Karl Ristikivi
Rõõmulaul	author	Karl Ristikivi
Surma ratsanikud	author	Karl Ristikivi
Tuli ja raud	author	Karl Ristikivi
Õige mehe koda	author	Karl Ristikivi
Viimne linn	author	Karl Ristikivi
Õilsad südamed	author	Karl Ristikivi
De droomkoningin	author	Maarten 't Hart
Ik had een wapenbroeder	author	Maarten 't Hart
De jacobsladder	author	Maarten 't Hart
Lotte Weeda	author	Maarten 't Hart
De nakomer	author	Maarten 't Hart
De kroongetuige	author	Maarten 't Hart
Onder de korenmaat	author	Maarten 't Hart
De ortolaan	author	Maarten 't Hart
Het psalmenoproer	author	Maarten 't Hart
De steile helling	author	Maarten 't Hart
Het uur tussen hond en wolf	author	Maarten 't Hart
Pipe Dreams: Greed, Ego, and the Death of Enron	author	Robert Bryce (writer)
Children and Television: Lessons from Sesame Street	author	Gerald S. Lesser
Les Fiançailles de M. Hire	author	Georges Simenon
Chaosbound	author	Dave Wolverton
Aranyak	author	Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay
The Devil's Breath	author	David Gilman
Night and the City (novel)	author	Gerald Kersh
They Drive by Night (novel)	author	James Curtis (author)
The Ultimate Entrepreneur	author	Glenn Rifkin
The Ultimate Entrepreneur	author	George Harrar
The Silmarillion	author	J. R. R. Tolkien
Reunited (TV pilot)	author	Mike Bullen
The Secret Diary of Laura Palmer	author	Jennifer Lynch
Here's the Deal: Don't Touch Me	author	Howie Mandel
Welcome to Obamaland	author	James Delingpole
Kamen Rider OOO	author	Yasuko Kobayashi
Kamen Rider OOO	author	Shōji Yonemura
Kamen Rider OOO	author	Nobuhiro Mouri
The 1972 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1972 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
Bad Boy (book)	author	Jim Thompson (writer)
Betrayer of Worlds	author	Larry Niven
Betrayer of Worlds	author	Edward M. Lerner
The 1973 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1973 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
Pronto (novel)	author	Elmore Leonard
Mannan Magal	author	Sandilyan
The 1974 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1974 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
Blood Colony	author	Tananarive Due
Joseph Cardinal Ratzinger: The Spirit of the Liturgy (book)	author	Pope Benedict XVI
The 1975 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1975 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
I'll Get There. It Better be Worth the Trip	author	John Donovan (disambiguation)
The 1976 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1976 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
The 1977 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1977 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Secret Life of Bill Clinton: The Unreported Stories	author	Ambrose Evans-Pritchard
Kadal Pura	author	Sandilyan
According to Mark	author	Penelope Lively
Theodore (TV series)	author	Cosgrove Hall Films
John Bull's Adventures in the Fiscal Wonderland	author	Charles Geake
John Bull's Adventures in the Fiscal Wonderland	author	Francis Carruthers Gould
Lords of Finance	author	Liaquat Ahamed
The Pursuit of Glory: Europe 1648–1815	author	T. C. W. Blanning
After America	author	John Birmingham
Witz (novel)	author	Joshua Cohen (writer)
Truth (novel)	author	Peter Temple
The Fort (novel)	author	Bernard Cornwell
The Prize of Peril	author	Robert Sheckley
From Social State to Minimal State	author	Anders Fogh Rasmussen
First Light (novel)	author	Rebecca Stead
Théâtre Illuminata	author	Lisa Mantchev
The Burning Wire	author	Jeffery Deaver
The Confession of Brother Haluin	author	Edith Pargeter
Men, Martians and Machines	author	Eric Frank Russell
The Mongoliad	author	Neal Stephenson
The Mongoliad	author	Greg Bear
Bhopal (play)	author	Rahul Varma
Match (play)	author	Stephen Belber
Earth (The Book)	author	Jon Stewart
Earth (The Book)	author	David Javerbaum
Earth (The Book)	author	Rory Albanese
Earth (The Book)	author	Steve Bodow
Earth (The Book)	author	Kevin Bleyer
Earth (The Book)	author	Rich Blomquist
Earth (The Book)	author	Tim Carvell
Earth (The Book)	author	Wyatt Cenac
Earth (The Book)	author	J. R. Havlan
Earth (The Book)	author	Elliott Kalan
Earth (The Book)	author	Sam Means
Earth (The Book)	author	John Oliver (entertainer)
Earth (The Book)	author	Daniel Radosh
Earth (The Book)	author	Jason Ross (writer)
Borderlands (novel)	author	Peter Carter (author)
St. Olaf's Church in Tyrvää (book)	author	Kuutti Lavonen
St. Olaf's Church in Tyrvää (book)	author	Osmo Rauhala
St. Olaf's Church in Tyrvää (book)	author	Pirjo Silveri
Stickfighting Days	author	Olufemi Terry
All My Friends Are Dead	author	Avery Monsen
All My Friends Are Dead	author	Jory John
The House of Fear	author	Ibn-e-Safi
Oh Happy Band!	author	Jeremy Lloyd
Oh Happy Band!	author	David Croft (TV producer)
Origins of the Bangladesh Army	author	Sabir Abdus Samee
Ubetoo	author	Anna-Clara Blixt Modin
Ubetoo	author	Thomas Flores
Cane River (novel)	author	Lalita Tademy
Precious Metal (book)	author	Choosing Death: The Improbable History of Death Metal & Grindcore
White's Lies	author	Ben Andron
The Red Pyramid (novel)	author	Rick Riordan
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Seventh Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
Portrait in Death	author	Nora Roberts
Junaio	author	Metaio GmbH
The 1990 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1990 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
Merchants of Doubt	author	Naomi Oreskes
Merchants of Doubt	author	Erik M. Conway
The Unknown War (documentary)	author	Rod McKuen
My Best Friend Bob	author	Georgie Ripper
Donnie Brasco: My Undercover Life in the Mafia	author	Joseph D. Pistone
Spring Storm	author	Tennessee Williams
Everything Matters!	author	Ron Currie Jr.
Lady Anna (novel)	author	Anthony Trollope
Doubt is Their Product	author	David Michaels (epidemiologist)
The Panic Zone	author	Rick Mofina
Bathhouse: The Musical!	author	Tim Evanicki
Bathhouse: The Musical!	author	Esther Daack
The Feather Men	author	Ranulph Fiennes
The Second Trip	author	Robert Silverberg
A Clan in Need	author	Erin Hunter
La Niñera (Argentine TV Series)	author	Fran Drescher
We the Children (Keepers of the School)	author	Andrew Clements
Democracy and the Common Wealth	author	Michael E. Arth
And Still I Rise	author	Maya Angelou
The Drunk and On Drugs Happy Fun Time Hour	author	John Paul Tremblay
The Drunk and On Drugs Happy Fun Time Hour	author	Robb Wells
The Drunk and On Drugs Happy Fun Time Hour	author	Mike Smith (actor)
The Silence (2010 drama)	author	Fiona Seres
Bridget Jones' Diary (musical)	author	Helen Fielding
The Last Airbender: Legend of Korra	author	Michael Dante DiMartino
The Last Airbender: Legend of Korra	author	Bryan Konietzko
Succubus on Top	author	Richelle Mead
Succubus Dreams	author	Richelle Mead
The Ways of White Folks	author	Langston Hughes
Saka no ue no kumo (TV series)	author	Hisashi Nozawa
All Signs of Death	author	Charlie Huston
The Third Man: Life at the Heart of New Labour	author	Peter Mandelson
Nowhere Man (Green novel)	author	John M. Green
The Mad Ship	author	Robin Hobb
Philosophy Documentation Center eCollection	author	Philosophy Documentation Center
The Water Margin (1973 TV series)	author	Shi Nai'an
Processing.js	author	John Resig
The 1978 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1978 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
Warlock (2001 novel)	author	Wilbur Smith
The Quest (novel)	author	Wilbur Smith
The 1979 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1979 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
The 1980 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1980 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
Exotic Zoology (book)	author	Willy Ley
Tigerlily's Orchids	author	Ruth Rendell
Affair of Half a Lifetime	author	Eileen Chang
The Wild Soccer Bunch	author	Joachim Masannek
Losing Our Religion: The Liberal Media's Attack on Christianity	author	S. E. Cupp
Polar Bears (play)	author	Mark Haddon
Pilcrow (novel)	author	Adam Mars-Jones
A Gypsy Good Time	author	Gustav Hasford
The Vice Society	author	James McCreet
Bullet (novel)	author	Laurell K. Hamilton
Aspects of the Novel	author	E. M. Forster
The Naama War	author	Charles R. Saunders
Dossouye	author	Charles R. Saunders
Under the Window	author	Kate Greenaway
Under the Window	author	Edmund Evans
The Ballantyne Novels	author	Wilbur Smith
Why I Am a Separatist	author	Marcel Chaput
A Pele do Ogro	author	Miguel M. Abrahão
A Escola	author	Miguel M. Abrahão
Vasant ke Hatyare	author	Hrishikesh Sulabh
1775 (TV pilot)	author	Martin Rips
1775 (TV pilot)	author	Joseph Staretski
POIESIS: Philosophy Online Serials	author	Philosophy Documentation Center
Harry the Dirty Dog	author	Gene Zion
Los Restos Indígenas de Pichilemu	author	José Toribio Medina
House Rules (novel)	author	Jodi Picoult
Rock & Roll Jihad: A Muslim Rock Star's Revolution	author	Salman Ahmad
Mrs. & Mr. Sharma Allahabadwale	author	Rajat vyas and Nitin Keswwani
The Heart of a Warrior	author	Erin Hunter
SkyClan's Destiny	author	Erin Hunter
The Terrible Privacy of Maxwell Sim	author	Jonathan Coe
Getting it Wrong from the Beginning	author	Kieran Egan (educationist)
The Skin I'm In	author	Sharon G. Flake
Dream War	author	Stephen Prosapio
Just Cause (TV series)	author	Gail Morgan Hickman
Digimap	author	EDINA
Amphitryon 38	author	Jean Giraudoux
Song of Songs (Giraudoux)	author	Jean Giraudoux
Les Gracques	author	Jean Giraudoux
L'Impromptu de Paris	author	Jean Giraudoux
Judith (play)	author	Jean Giraudoux
The Enchanted (play)	author	Jean Giraudoux
Electra (Giraudoux)	author	Jean Giraudoux
Duel of Angels	author	Jean Giraudoux
Ondine (play)	author	Jean Giraudoux
Sodom and Gomorrah (play)	author	Jean Giraudoux
Siegfried (play)	author	Jean Giraudoux
Tessa (play)	author	Jean Giraudoux
The Virtuous Island	author	Jean Giraudoux
La Fausse Suivante	author	Pierre de Marivaux
L'Île de la raison	author	Pierre de Marivaux
Le Préjugé vaincu	author	Pierre de Marivaux
The Confession of Sultana Daku	author	Sujit Saraf
Sticky Beak	author	Morris Gleitzman
Under Heaven	author	Guy Gavriel Kay
Wolfboy	author	Russell Labey
Crisis of Conscience	author	Raymond Franz
Earthquakes in London	author	Mike Bartlett (playwright)
Love the Sinner	author	Drew Pautz
Kate Plus Ten	author	Edgar Wallace
Fire Over England (novel)	author	A. E. W. Mason
The Ruby Dice	author	Catherine Asaro
Keeper (Appelt novel)	author	Kathi Appelt
Times Without Number	author	John Brunner (novelist)
Empire of Lies	author	Andrew Klavan
Stadtwiki Karlsruhe	author	Hauke Löffler
The Caboose Who Got Loose	author	Bill Peet
Qlipso	author	Jon Goldman
Battlestar Galactica: Blood & Chrome	author	David Eick
Battlestar Galactica: Blood & Chrome	author	Michael Taylor (screenwriter)
Battlestar Galactica: Blood & Chrome	author	Bradley Thompson
Battlestar Galactica: Blood & Chrome	author	David Weddle
After Hours (Canadian TV series)	author	John Aylesworth
After Hours (Canadian TV series)	author	Frank Peppiatt
A Good Place To Come From	author	Morley Torgov
Barris and Company	author	Alex Barris
A World of Music (TV series)	author	Alex Barris
Fame is the Spur (TV series)	author	Howard Spring
My Story (Dannii Minogue book)	author	Dannii Minogue
My Story (Dannii Minogue book)	author	Terry Ronald
Moribito II: Guardian of Darkness	author	Nahoko Uehashi
The 65 Lakh Heist	author	Surender Mohan Pathak
Terror and Consent: the Wars for the Twenty-first Century	author	Philip Bobbitt
The Republic of Thieves	author	Scott Lynch
Nobody Knows My Name	author	James Baldwin
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Ugly Truth	author	Jeff Kinney (writer)
Omploader	author	Brenden Matthews
The Rain Goddess	author	Peter Stiff
The Accidental Asian	author	Eric Liu
This Is Not My Life	author	Rachel Lang (New Zealand)
This Is Not My Life	author	Gavin Strawhan
The Future of the Internet	author	Jonathan Zittrain
Interview with History	author	Oriana Fallaci
Copyright. Plagios literarios y poder político al desnudo	author	Luis Pescetti
Born in Exile	author	George Gissing
Monsignor Renard	author	Russell Lewis
Monsignor Renard	author	Charles Wood
Monsignor Renard	author	Stephen Churchett
Mad (TV series)	author	Kevin Shinick
Shadow of the Dragon: Kira	author	Kate O'Hearn
Aim in Life (2008 dramaserial)	author	Masud Sejan
Poems From Guantánamo	author	Marc Falkoff
Elixir (novel)	author	Hilary Duff
Flight - The Passionate Affair	author	Patrick Watson (producer)
Live a Borrowed Life	author	Bernard Slade
Mexico (TV series)	author	Lister Sinclair
Time for Living	author	Alan Thicke
Back Story (Parker novel)	author	Robert B. Parker
Forsaken House (novel)	author	Richard Baker (game designer)
13 Things That Don't Make Sense	author	Michael Brooks (science writer)
Grandma's House	author	Simon Amstell
The Adventures of Slim and Howdy	author	Kix Brooks
The Adventures of Slim and Howdy	author	Ronnie Dunn
Greetings From E Street: The Story of Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band	author	Robert Santelli
The Monarch of the Glen (novel)	author	Compton Mackenzie
Fall of Giants (novel)	author	Ken Follett
World of Warcraft: Beyond the Dark Portal	author	Aaron S. Rosenberg
The Killer (1970 novel)	author	Colin Wilson
Madonna: An Intimate Biography	author	J. Randy Taraborrelli
Piilottajan päiväkirja	author	Juha Suoranta
Mawali (novel)	author	Surender Mohan Pathak
Have Faith	author	Nat Mauldin
Spur of the Moment (play)	author	Anya Reiss
Love Happens Like That	author	Ritwik Mallik
My Shit Life So Far	author	Frankie Boyle
Farthest Reach	author	Richard Baker (game designer)
Castes and Tribes of Southern India	author	Edgar Thurston
Castes and Tribes of Southern India	author	K. Rangachari
Spoilt Rotten: The Toxic Cult of Sentimentality	author	Theodore Dalrymple
The Obama Diaries	author	Laura Ingraham
Above Top Secret	author	Christopher Hansen
The New Adventures of Chor Lau-heung (1984 TV series)	author	Gu Long
Chor Lau-heung (1985 TV series)	author	Gu Long
Steel Magnolias (play)	author	Robert Harling (writer)
Chor Lau-heung (1995 TV series)	author	Gu Long
Age of Science	author	Ahmed Zewail
Racing the Beam: The Atari Video Computer System	author	Ian Bogost
Racing the Beam: The Atari Video Computer System	author	Nick Montfort
Crown of Shadows	author	Celia S. Friedman
Now Is The Time For All Good Men (musical)	author	Gretchen Cryer
Only the Good Spy Young	author	Ally Carter
Dragonheart (novel)	author	Todd McCaffrey
I'll Be There (novel)	author	Iris Rainer Dart
Young Hearts Crying	author	Richard Yates (novelist)
Het Gulden Cabinet	author	Cornelis de Bie
Homegrown: a true story	author	Catherine Frid
J8ded	author	Nikki (singer)
In Fire Forged	author	David Weber
In Fire Forged	author	Jane Lindskold
In Fire Forged	author	Timothy Zahn
Birds of Paradise (musical)	author	Winnie Holzman
Posh (play)	author	Laura Wade
Roger & Val Have Just Got In	author	Emma Kilcoyne
Roger & Val Have Just Got In	author	Beth Kilcoyne
Eastbound & Down	author	Jody Hill
Eastbound & Down	author	Shawn D. Harwell
Eastbound & Down	author	Danny McBride (actor)
Eastbound & Down	author	Ben Best (actor)
Bad Boyes	author	Jim Eldridge
Aiiieeeee! An Anthology of Asian-American Writers	author	Frank Chin
Aiiieeeee! An Anthology of Asian-American Writers	author	Jeffery Paul Chan
Aiiieeeee! An Anthology of Asian-American Writers	author	Lawson Fusao Inada
Aiiieeeee! An Anthology of Asian-American Writers	author	Shawn Wong
Saved (musical)	author	John Dempsey (lyricist)
Saved (musical)	author	Rinne Groff
The Dead of the Night	author	John Marsden (writer)
The Change we Choose	author	Gordon Brown
Plan for Chaos	author	John Wyndham
The Whisperer (novel)	author	Fiona McIntosh
The Day of the Sardine	author	Sid Chaplin
Eternity Road (novel)	author	Jack McDevitt
The Adventures of Chuck and Friends	author	Adam Beechen
Atheist Manifesto: The Case Against Christianity, Judaism, and Islam	author	Michel Onfray
Piano Lessons (book)	author	Anna Goldsworthy
Canada at War	author	Donald Brittain
In the South Seas	author	George Woodcock
Healthier, Wealthier, Wiser?	author	Warner Troyer
It's Our Stuff	author	Bob Ezrin
Jake and the Kid (TV series)	author	W. O. Mitchell
Espumas Flutuantes	author	Castro Alves
The Chinaman Pacific and Frisco R.R. Co.	author	Frank Chin
The Chickencoop Chinaman	author	Frank Chin
Sunes jul	author	Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson
Sunes jul	author	Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson
Two Most Honorable Knights	author	Gu Long
The Caramel Crisis	author	Simon Gray
The Twins (1979 TV series)	author	Gu Long
Dan Vs.	author	Dan Mandel
Dan Vs.	author	Chris Pearson
Dan Vs.	author	Eric Zimmerman
State of War: The Secret History of the CIA and the Bush Administration	author	James Risen
Queen Victoria: Demon Hunter	author	A.E. Moorat
Music '60	author	John Aylesworth
Music '60	author	Frank Peppiatt
A Journey	author	Tony Blair
Hordubal	author	Karel Čapek
The Rose in Splendour: a Story of the Wars of Lancaster and York	author	Leslie Barringer
Juedai Shuangjiao (1977 TV series)	author	Gu Long
The Law and the McLaughlins	author	Margaret Wilson (writer)
The Rear Column	author	Simon Gray
The Insider: The Private Diaries of a Scandalous Decade	author	Piers Morgan
The World's Greatest Unsolved Crimes	author	Roger Boar
Alice in Blunderland: An Iridescent Dream	author	John Kendrick Bangs
The Westminster Alice	author	Saki
Mogadishu (play)	author	Vivienne Franzmann
New Adventures of Alice	author	John Rae
Xin Juedai Shuangjiao (1986 TV series)	author	Gu Long
Yahoo! Teachers	author	Yahoo!
The Beatles Anthology (book)	author	The Beatles
Red Planet Noir	author	D. B. Grady
The Power (self-help book)	author	Rhonda Byrne
Elements of International Law	author	Henry Wheaton
The Common Pursuit	author	Simon Gray
Blood Feud (novel)	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Webrupee	author	Meher Ranjan Howji
Webrupee	author	Aman Kumar Jain
Phule's Company	author	Robert Asprin
Charlie Had One But He Didn't Like It, So He Gave It To Us	author	Paul Soles
Centennial International	author	Alex Barris
Radisson (TV series)	author	John Lucarotti
Wind and Cloud 2	author	Ma Wing-shing
The Legendary Siblings	author	Gu Long
This Charming Man (novel)	author	Marian Keyes
Lost Face	author	Jack London
Loving Natalee: A Mother's Testament of Hope and Faith	author	Beth Holloway
Warlock (1958 novel)	author	Oakley Hall
Maritime Matters	author	Peter Knego
Stone Spring	author	Stephen Baxter
The Tripods (TV series)	author	Samuel Youd
The Tripods (TV series)	author	Alick Rowe
The Tripods (TV series)	author	Christopher Penfold
Just Give Me a Cool Drink of Water 'fore I Diiie	author	Maya Angelou
Traitor to the Living	author	Philip José Farmer
Extra Lives: Why Video Games Matter	author	Tom Bissell
The Long Loud Silence	author	Wilson Tucker
An Octopus Followed Me Home	author	Dan Yaccarino
One Canadian: The Political Memoirs of the Rt. Hon. John G. Diefenbaker	author	Munroe Scott
One of a Kind (1950s TV series)	author	Bernard Slade
On Guard For Thee	author	Donald Brittain
On Stage (TV series)	author	John Aylesworth
On Stage (TV series)	author	Frank Peppiatt
Our Fellow Americans	author	Larry Solway
First Person Singular: Pearson - The Memoirs of a Prime Minister	author	Munroe Scott
Xiandai Hanyu Cidian	author	Chinese Academy of Social Sciences
Aruba: The Tragic Untold Story of Natalee Holloway and Corruption in Paradise	author	Natalee Holloway
Aruba: The Tragic Untold Story of Natalee Holloway and Corruption in Paradise	author	Larry Garrison
NetCache	author	NetApp
The Month of the Falling Leaves	author	Bruce Marshall
Vexed (TV series)	author	Howard Overman
Unearthing	author	Alan Moore
Mormonism: A Historical Encyclopedia	author	W. Paul Reeve
Mormonism: A Historical Encyclopedia	author	Ardis E. Parshall
Broken as Things Are	author	Martha Witt
Human Chain (poetry)	author	Seamus Heaney
Napoleon and Love	author	Philip Mackie
The Varieties of Scientific Experience	author	Carl Sagan
Ten Thousand a-Year	author	Samuel Warren
Teheran, een zwanezang	author	F. Springer
Phule's Paradise	author	Robert Asprin
Debatable Space	author	Philip Palmer
Fox Hunt (novel)	author	James Clancy Phelan
Patriot Act (novel)	author	James Clancy Phelan
Deep Navigation	author	Alastair Reynolds
Daniel X: Demons and Druids	author	James Patterson
De zaak Natalee Holloway	author	Joran van der Sloot
Systemd	author	Lennart Poettering
The Spook's Nightmare	author	Joseph Delaney
The Black Prism	author	Brent Weeks
Shibatora	author	Shogo Muto
Nine Coaches Waiting	author	Mary Stewart
Every Man's Battle	author	Steve Arterburn
Anti-Justine	author	Nicolas-Edme Rétif
Lost Girl (TV series)	author	Michelle Lovretta
Parallel Play (memoir by Tim Page)	author	Tim Page
Wings of the Falcon	author	Barbara Mertz
Two Upbuilding Discourses, 1843	author	Søren Kierkegaard
Totally Tracked Down	author	Carolyn Meland
Enchanted Glass	author	Diana Wynne Jones
Mon village à l'heure allemande	author	Jean-Louis Bory
Think of a Number	author	John Verdon
Delivering Happiness	author	Tony Hsieh
A Strange Discovery	author	Charles Romeyn Dake
Vesper (novel)	author	Jeff Sampson
Welcome to the Desert of the Real	author	Slavoj Žižek
The Fuller Memorandum	author	Charles Stross
Leap of Faith (musical)	author	Janus Cercone
Leap of Faith (musical)	author	Glenn Slater
Cognitive Surplus	author	Clay Shirky
Cleverbot	author	Rollo Carpenter
O Chifrudo	author	Miguel M. Abrahão
Pássaro da Manhã	author	Miguel M. Abrahão
Planescape Campaign Setting	author	David Cook (game designer)
Critical Mass (book)	author	Philip Ball
Tim and Pete	author	James Robert Baker
The Miseducation of Ross O'Carroll-Kelly	author	Paul Howard
The Miseducation of Ross O'Carroll-Kelly  The Miseducation Years   1	author	Paul Howard
Roysh Here, Roysh Now… The Teenage Dirtbag Years	author	Paul Howard (journalist)
Roysh Here, Roysh Now… The Teenage Dirtbag Years    1	author	Paul Howard (journalist)
The Orange Mocha-Chip Frappuccino Years	author	Paul Howard
PS, I Scored the Bridesmaids	author	Paul Howard (journalist)
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Nightdress	author	Paul Howard (journalist)
Should Have Got Off at Sydney Parade	author	Paul Howard (journalist)
This Champagne Mojito Is the Last Thing I Own	author	Paul Howard (journalist)
Mr S and the Secrets of Andorra's Box	author	Paul Howard (journalist)
Great House (novel)	author	Nicole Krauss
Rhino What You Did Last Summer	author	Paul Howard (journalist)
The Oh My God Delusion	author	Paul Howard (journalist)
Ross O'Carroll-Kelly's Guide to (South) Dublin: How To Get By On, Like, €10,000 A Day	author	Paul Howard (journalist)
The Devil's Company	author	David Liss
The Last Days of the Celtic Tiger	author	Paul Howard (journalist)
We Need To Talk About Ross	author	Paul Howard (journalist)
Between Foxrock and a Hard Place	author	Paul Howard (journalist)
Looking East to Look West: Lee Kuan Yew's Mission India	author	Sunanda K. Datta-Ray
Querelles de famille	author	Georges Duhamel
The Paper Men	author	William Golding
The Spook's Destiny	author	Joseph Delaney
Heartstone (Sansom novel)	author	C. J. Sansom
Amelia Bedelia (book)	author	Peggy Parish
Low Life (book)	author	Luc Sante
The Grand Design (book)	author	Stephen Hawking
The Grand Design (book)	author	Leonard Mlodinow
The New Nobility: The Restoration of Russia's Security State and the Enduring Legacy of the KGB	author	Andrei Soldatov
The New Nobility: The Restoration of Russia's Security State and the Enduring Legacy of the KGB	author	Irina Borogan
Poil de carotte	author	Jules Renard
Pichilemu Blues	author	Esteban Valenzuela
O Dinheiro	author	Miguel M. Abrahão
Ball Four (TV series)	author	Jim Bouton
Ball Four (TV series)	author	Marvin Kitman
In Search of Wonder	author	Damon Knight
Purge (novel)	author	Sofi Oksanen
Red Inferno: 1945	author	Robert Conroy
The Atheist's Guide to Christmas	author	Ariane Sherine
The Bravo	author	James Fenimore Cooper
Acide sulfurique	author	Amélie Nothomb
Three Upbuilding Discourses	author	Søren Kierkegaard
Millennium (Swedish miniseries)	author	Rasmus Heisterberg
Millennium (Swedish miniseries)	author	Nicolaj Arcel
Millennium (Swedish miniseries)	author	Jonas Frykberg
Millennium (Swedish miniseries)	author	Ulf Rydberg
Golf in the Kingdom	author	Michael Murphy (author)
This Above All	author	Eric Knight
A Casa (play)	author	Miguel M. Abrahão
Life at the Bottom: The Worldview That Makes the Underclass	author	Theodore Dalrymple
Him & Her (TV series)	author	Stefan Golaszewski
Chorus Anyone	author	Eric Nicol
Pifffle & Co.	author	Eric Nicol
The Barris Beat	author	Alex Barris
The End Of My Addiction	author	Olivier Ameisen
1822 (book)	author	Laurentino Gomes
The King of Kahel	author	Tierno Monénembo
The Reckoning (1986 book)	author	David Halberstam
The Moral Basis of a Backward Society	author	Edward C. Banfield
This Is England '86	author	Shane Meadows
This Is England '86	author	Jack Thorne (writer)
Westwind (novel)	author	Ian Rankin
Adam Copeland on Edge	author	Edge (wrestler)
Vishwasghatak	author	Narayan Sanyal
Room (novel)	author	Emma Donoghue
Driven to Distraction (2009)	author	Jeremy Clarkson
Lewis Carroll: A Biography	author	Morton N. Cohen
The Daydreamer (novel)	author	Ian McEwan
The Embarrassment of Riches: An Interpretation of Dutch Culture in the Golden Age	author	Simon Schama
The Daughter	author	Pavlos Matesis
Commercial Providence	author	Patrick Mendis
The House of Arden	author	E. Nesbit
The Chainbearer	author	James Fenimore Cooper
As Comadres	author	Miguel M. Abrahão
The Squirrel Wife	author	Philippa Pearce
Nothing to Envy	author	Barbara Demick
Medusa: A Tiger by the Tail	author	Jack L. Chalker
The Three Hostages (TV series)	author	John Buchan, 1st Baron Tweedsmuir
Dutch Uncle (play)	author	Simon Gray
Firmin: Adventures of a Metropolitan Lowlife	author	Sam Savage
Out of the Dark (2010 novel)	author	David Weber
Maximilian von Mexiko	author	Answald Krüger
Maximilian von Mexiko	author	Maria Matray
Sir Roger Casement (TV series)	author	Helmut Andics
Sir Roger Casement (TV series)	author	Werner Murawski
Hamburg Transit	author	Irene Rodrian
Hamburg Transit	author	Wolfgang Kirchner
Embassytown	author	China Miéville
Hygiène de l'assassin	author	Amélie Nothomb
The Sailor's Return (novel)	author	David Garnett
Father Brown (TV series)	author	G. K. Chesterton
The Death of Smail-aga Čengić	author	Ivan Mažuranić
Bowler (TV series)	author	Esmonde and Larbey
Bowler (TV series)	author	Esmonde and Larbey
Of Thee I Sing (book)	author	Barack Obama
Jack Carter's Law	author	Ted Lewis (writer)
Sun Horse, Moon Horse	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
The Dark Volume	author	Gordon Dahlquist
Robert des noms propres	author	Amélie Nothomb
Le Sabotage amoureux	author	Amélie Nothomb
Conan the Great	author	Leonard Carpenter
Theodore Boone: Kid Lawyer	author	John Grisham
The Very Bad Book	author	Andy Griffiths
Spoiled (play)	author	Simon Gray
Prince Regent (TV series)	author	Ian Curteis
Portlandia (TV series)	author	Fred Armisen
Portlandia (TV series)	author	Carrie Brownstein
Portlandia (TV series)	author	Allison Silverman
Cppcheck	author	Daniel Marjamäki
Julie and Carol at Carnegie Hall	author	Mike Nichols
Bomben auf Monte Carlo (novel)	author	Fritz Reck-Malleczewen
The 1981 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1981 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Day Emily Married	author	Horton Foote
The 1982 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1982 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Road to Coronation Street	author	Daran Little
Lombardi (play)	author	Eric Simonson
Memoirs of an Invisible Man	author	H. F. Saint
Madmen and Specialists	author	Wole Soyinka
Dieppe (film)	author	John Krizanc
Doraha (drama)	author	Umaira Ahmed
The Color of Crime (1998 book)	author	Katheryn Russell-Brown
The 1983 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1983 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
Johnny Mackintosh and the Spirit of London	author	Keith Mansfield (writer)
The Romance of the White Hair Maiden (1995 TV series)	author	Liang Yusheng
The Romance of the White Hair Maiden (1986 TV series)	author	Liang Yusheng
The Fry Chronicles: An Autobiography	author	Stephen Fry
Romance of the White Haired Maiden (1999 TV series)	author	Liang Yusheng
Operation Dark Heart	author	Anthony Shaffer (intelligence officer)
Libertarianism without inequality	author	Michael Otsuka
Star Wolf (TV series)	author	Edmond Hamilton
Star Wolf (TV series)	author	Keiichi Abe
Star Wolf (TV series)	author	Toyohiro Andô
Star Wolf (TV series)	author	Yoshihisa Araki
Star Wolf (TV series)	author	Bunzô Wakatsuki
Star Wolf (TV series)	author	Hiroyasu Yamaura
T.U.F.F. Puppy	author	Butch Hartman
The Healing of America	author	T.R. Reid
The Cobra (novel)	author	Frederick Forsyth
The Day I Shot Cupid	author	Jennifer Love Hewitt
The Utter Glory of Morrissey Hall	author	Clark Gesner
The Dream of Red Mansions (2010 TV series)	author	Cao Xueqin
China's Best Actor: Wen Jiabao	author	Yu Jie
Downton Abbey	author	Shelagh Stephenson
Downton Abbey	author	Tina Pepler
The Life and Times of Eddie Roberts	author	Ann Marcus
The Kennedy Half-Century	author	Larry Sabato
How Curious a Land	author	Dr. Jonathan M. Bryant
The Crucible of Time	author	John Brunner (novelist)
The Heidenmauer	author	James Fenimore Cooper
Star Trek Concordance	author	Bjo Trimble
Soulless (novel)	author	Gail Carriger
Changeless (novel)	author	Gail Carriger
Monastery Among the Temple Trees	author	Jayasena Jayakody
Power Rangers Samurai	author	Yasuko Kobayashi
Graphisoft BIM Server	author	Graphisoft
C/o Segemyhr	author	Erik Haag
C/o Segemyhr	author	Fredrik Lindström
C/o Segemyhr	author	Ulf Kvensler
C/o Segemyhr	author	Lars Lundström
C/o Segemyhr	author	Gustav Boman
The Robert E. Howard Reader	author	Darrell Schweitzer
Graphisoft MEP Modeler	author	Graphisoft
Obama's Wars	author	Bob Woodward
Sigtuna väravad	author	Karl Ristikivi
Having Our Say: The Delany Sisters' First 100 Years	author	Amy Hill Hearth
Blameless (novel)	author	Gail Carriger
Heartless (Carriger novel)	author	Gail Carriger
The Howerd Confessions	author	Hugh Stuckey
The 1984 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1984 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Roaring Trumpet	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Roaring Trumpet	author	Fletcher Pratt
Through the Valley	author	Robert Henriques
Black Ships Before Troy	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
My Take	author	Gary Barlow
Pierre et Luce	author	Romain Rolland
Rollo in Emblemland	author	John Kendrick Bangs
Rollo in Emblemland	author	1930 Pulitzer Prize
Daam	author	Umaira Ahmed
Outcast (Sutcliff novel)	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Pro Football: Its Ups and Downs	author	Harry March
Fifty Years a Hunter and Trapper	author	Eldred Nathaniel Woodcock
Ntoltse Vita	author	Alexandros Rigas
Ntoltse Vita	author	Lefteris Papapetrou
The Empty Family	author	Colm Tóibín
The Toff on the Farm	author	John Creasey
Jack London's San Francisco Stories	author	Jack London
Jack London's San Francisco Stories	author	Rodger Jacobs
The Cambridge Quintet	author	John L. Casti
The Sleeping Beauty (novel)	author	Mercedes Lackey
Crookedstar's Promise	author	Erin Hunter
Captains and the Kings	author	Taylor Caldwell
Ti Psyhi Tha Paradoseis Mori?	author	Alexandros Rigas
Ti Psyhi Tha Paradoseis Mori?	author	Dimitris Apostolou
Legal Entanglement	author	Chu Keng Kei
Orphans (Lyle Kessler play)	author	Lyle Kessler
MasterChef India	author	Arsh
Spoken from the Heart	author	Laura Bush
Blood and Gifts	author	J. T. Rogers
The Life of John Maynard Keynes	author	Roy Harrod
A Guide To Keynes	author	Alvin Hansen
Surface Detail	author	Iain Banks
The 1985 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1985 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
The 1986 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1986 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
The 1987 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1987 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Mathematics of Magic	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Mathematics of Magic	author	Fletcher Pratt
Penguin Island (TV series)	author	Simon Target
Learned Pigs & Fireproof Women	author	Ricky Jay
Angel Island (novel)	author	Inez Haynes Irwin
Whites (TV series)	author	Matt King (comedian)
Whites (TV series)	author	Oliver Lansley
Where Keynes Went Wrong: And Why World Governments Keep Creating Inflation, Bubbles, and Busts	author	Hunter Lewis
The 1988 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1988 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Keynes Solution: The Path to Global Economic Prosperity	author	Paul Davidson
SpaceCollective	author	Rene Daalder
The 1989 Annual World's Best SF	author	Donald A. Wollheim
The 1989 Annual World's Best SF	author	Arthur W. Saha
The Tree Butcher	author	Andrzej Pilipiuk
Greybeard	author	Brian Aldiss
Fable: The Balverine Order	author	Peter David
Yaprak Dökümü (TV series)	author	Reşat Nuri Güntekin
Replay 4	author	AppAssure Software
The Scorch Trials	author	James Dashner
World's Best Science Fiction: 1965	author	Donald A. Wollheim
World's Best Science Fiction: 1965	author	Terry Carr
History of the Saints (TV series)	author	Glenn Rawson
William and Mary Men's Soccer (Images of Sports)	author	Al Albert (soccer coach)
FnF (TV series)	author	Redwan Rony
Who Rules America?	author	G. William Domhoff
By Nightfall	author	Michael Cunningham
What You See Is What You Get (book)	author	Alan Sugar
World's Best Science Fiction: 1971	author	Donald A. Wollheim
World's Best Science Fiction: 1971	author	Terry Carr
The Corrections	author	Jonathan Franzen
The Seven Year Itch (play)	author	George Axelrod
Philippa Fisher and the Dream-Maker's Daughter	author	Liz Kessler
Mink Trapping	author	Arthur Robert Harding
The Enough Moment	author	John Prendergast
The Enough Moment	author	Don Cheadle
Anatomy of an Epidemic	author	Robert Whitaker (author)
Masquerade (play)	author	Mikhail Lermontov
The Joseph Smith Papers (TV series)	author	Glenn Rawson
Hull Zero Three	author	Greg Bear
Liberty and Nature: An Aristotelian Defense of Liberal Order	author	Douglas B. Rasmussen
Radical: Taking Back Your Faith from the American Dream	author	David Platt (pastor)
Sang Pemimpi	author	Andrea Hirata
Showbiz411	author	Roger Friedman
On Heroes, Hero-Worship, and The Heroic in History	author	Thomas Carlyle
The Second Book of General Ignorance	author	John Lloyd (writer)
The Second Book of General Ignorance	author	John Mitchinson
Vegan Virgin Valentine	author	Carolyn Mackler
Schooled (novel)	author	Gordon Korman
Shameless (U.S. TV series)	author	John Wells (TV producer)
The Watering Place	author	Lyle Kessler
To Nisi	author	Victoria Hislop
Sex, Slander, and Salvation	author	James R. Lewis (scholar)
Sex, Slander, and Salvation	author	J. Gordon Melton
The Lacuna	author	Barbara Kingsolver
This Isn't What It Looks Like	author	Pseudonymous Bosch
Pandemia (book)	author	Christopher Wright (author)
The Kalam Cosmological Argument (book)	author	William Lane Craig
Cargo of Eagles	author	Margery Allingham
The Moral Landscape	author	Sam Harris (author)
LOOK: The Series	author	Adam Rifkin
Ink (novel)	author	Hal Duncan
Single Father (TV series)	author	Mick Ford
BlueGriffon	author	Disruptive Innovations
L'Inondation	author	Émile Zola
Norms of Liberty: A Perfectionist Basis for Non-Perfectionist Politics	author	Douglas B. Rasmussen
The Diddakoi	author	Rumer Godden
ClearSQL for Oracle	author	Conquest Software Solutions
Our Kind of Traitor	author	John le Carré
Bodyguard of Lies	author	Anthony Cave Brown
The God Engines	author	John Scalzi
The Breaks of the Game	author	David Halberstam
The Finkler Question	author	Howard Jacobson
In Defense of Reason	author	Yvor Winters
Croatian Tales of Long Ago	author	Ivana Brlić-Mažuranić
A Point of Law	author	John Maddox Roberts
Booky Wook 2: This Time It's Personal	author	Russell Brand
Royal Suite	author	Rod Coneybeare
Squirrel Seeks Chipmunk	author	David Sedaris
El delantero centro fue asesinado al atardecer	author	Manuel Vázquez Montalbán
Killing Rage	author	Eamon Collins
War and Remembrance (TV miniseries)	author	Dan Curtis
War and Remembrance (TV miniseries)	author	Earl W. Wallace
War and Remembrance (TV miniseries)	author	Herman Wouk
The Son of Neptune	author	Rick Riordan
Dhammapada (Easwaran translation)	author	Eknath Easwaran
World's Best Science Fiction: 1966	author	Donald A. Wollheim
World's Best Science Fiction: 1966	author	Terry Carr
World's Best Science Fiction: 1967	author	Donald A. Wollheim
World's Best Science Fiction: 1967	author	Terry Carr
The Third Terrorist	author	Jayna Davis
World Soul (novel)	author	Mikhail Yemtsev
World Soul (novel)	author	Yeremey Parnov
Conjure Wife	author	Fritz Leiber
Hollywood Husbands	author	Jackie Collins
Pinheads and Patriots	author	Bill O'Reilly (political commentator)
Anës lumejve	author	Fan S. Noli
Help! I'm Trapped in my Teacher's Body	author	Todd Strasser
Soul On Ice	author	Eldridge Cleaver
The English Gentleman	author	Douglas Sutherland
Strega (novel)	author	Andrew Vachss
HHhH	author	Laurent Binet
Mourning Ruby	author	Helen Dunmore
The Fractal Geometry of Nature	author	Benoit Mandelbrot
Yongzheng Dynasty	author	Eryue He
Qianlong Dynasty	author	Eryue He
The Magical Revival	author	Kenneth Grant
World's Best Science Fiction: 1970	author	Donald A. Wollheim
World's Best Science Fiction: 1970	author	Terry Carr
Madea's Big Happy Family	author	Tyler Perry
LatencyTOP	author	Intel
One Nation Under Surveillance	author	Simon Chesterman
The Coming of the Terraphiles	author	Michael Moorcock
Mary Ann in Autumn	author	Armistead Maupin
Launchpad (Mac OS X)	author	Apple Inc.
The Canterbury Puzzles	author	Henry Dudeney
Punk Rock (play)	author	Simon Stephens
Dark Matter (Paver novel)	author	Michelle Paver
Safe Harbor (TV series)	author	Brenda Hampton
Fabian of the Yard	author	Brock Williams (screenwriter)
Fabian of the Yard	author	Ian Stuart Black
Targeted Killing in International Law	author	Nils Melzer
Legend of the White Hair Brides	author	Liang Yusheng
Guardians of Ga'Hoole: The Capture	author	Kathryn Lasky
Daddy's Little Girl (novel)	author	Mary Higgins Clark
Engineering Code Snippets Project	author	Amar Kumar Behera
Don't Forget the Bacon!	author	Pat Hutchins
Deadfalls and Snares	author	Arthur Robert Harding
Bob Dylan, Performing Artist	author	Paul Williams (Crawdaddy! creator)
Bob Dylan, Performing Artist  Bob Dylan, Performing Artist: The Middle Years, 19  1	author	Paul Williams (Crawdaddy! creator)
Bob Dylan, Performing Artist  Bob Dylan, Performing Artist: Mind Out Of Time,198  1	author	Paul Williams (Crawdaddy! creator)
Dragons et princesses	author	Michel Ocelot
Once An Eagle	author	Anton Myrer
Irish Tweed	author	Andrew Greeley
The Famous Five (1990s TV series)	author	Enid Blyton
Social Foundations of Thought and Action	author	Albert Bandura
The Savage Girl (novel)	author	Alex Shakar
Entertaining Angels (play)	author	Richard Everett
The Tiger That Isn't	author	Michael Blastland
The Wizard of Oz (2011 musical)	author	Andrew Lloyd Webber
The Wizard of Oz (2011 musical)	author	Jeremy Sams
The Trial of God	author	Elie Wiesel
Politikk som idékamp	author	Johannes W. Løvhaug
Mutthi Bhar Mitti	author	Umaira Ahmed
The Flash: Stop Motion	author	Mark Schultz (comics)
World's Best Science Fiction: 1968	author	Donald A. Wollheim
World's Best Science Fiction: 1968	author	Terry Carr
World's Best Science Fiction: 1969	author	Donald A. Wollheim
World's Best Science Fiction: 1969	author	Terry Carr
Conan the Hunter	author	Sean A. Moore
Lady in Waiting (novel)	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 1	author	Terry Carr
Walking to Hollywood	author	Will Self
Assholes Finish First	author	Tucker Max
Fire høytider	author	Leidulv Risan
Fire høytider	author	Bjørn Skaar
Uraan	author	Umaira Ahmed
Terrastore	author	Sergio Bossa
Gladys in Grammarland	author	Audrey Mayhew Allen
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 2	author	Terry Carr
Sidney Sheldon's After the Darkness	author	Sidney Sheldon
Sidney Sheldon's After the Darkness	author	Tilly Bagshawe
Venice (musical)	author	Eric Rosen (playwright)
Scientific Man versus Power Politics	author	Hans Morgenthau
The Post Card: From Socrates to Freud and Beyond	author	Jacques Derrida
The Last Train From Hiroshima	author	Charles R. Pellegrino
Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice	author	James D. Foley
Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice	author	Andries van Dam
Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice	author	John F. Hughes (computer scientist)
With the Lightnings	author	David Drake
Brainwash: The Secret History of Mind Control	author	Dominic Streatfeild
Blood and Sunlight: A Maryland Vampire Story	author	Jamie Wasserman
The Track of Sand	author	Andrea Camilleri
Cetaganda (novel)	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
The Midnight Charter	author	David Whitley
The Saturdays: Our Story	author	The Saturdays
Osterlandet (book)	author	Mark Smith (American racing driver)
The Chief (play)	author	Rob Zellers
The Chief (play)	author	Gene Collier
The Canticle of Whispers	author	David Whitley
The Children of the Lost	author	David Whitley
The Gifts of the Body	author	Rebecca Brown
100 Best Australian Albums	author	John O'Donnell (music journalist)
100 Best Australian Albums	author	Toby Creswell
100 Best Australian Albums	author	Craig Mathieson
Old Weather	author	Zooniverse (citizen science project)
Luka and the Fire of Life	author	Salman Rushdie
Askalo	author	Yalwa
Perfect: A Novel	author	Natasha Friend
The Train Driver	author	Athol Fugard
The Confession (novel)	author	John Grisham
Shinjū (novel)	author	Laura Joh Rowland
Reckless (Funke novel)	author	Cornelia Funke
Empire (2010 book)	author	Steven Saylor
Changes: a Love Story	author	Ama Ata Aidoo
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 3	author	Terry Carr
The Defense & Foreign Affairs Handbook on Azerbaijan	author	Gregory R. Copley
Spend, Spend, Spend (play)	author	Jack Rosenthal
Duties Beyond Borders	author	Stanley Hoffmann
Wandering Stars (novel)	author	Sholem Aleichem
Mission: Earth, Voyage to the Home Planet	author	Thomas David Jones
The Cave (play)	author	Mervyn Peake
Casablanca (novella)	author	Edgar Brau
The Million Dollar Goal	author	Dan Gutman
Red Leech	author	Andy Lane
Atheism in Christianity	author	Ernst Bloch
Skeletons on the Zahara	author	Dean King
The New Prime	author	Jack Vance
La Carte et le territoire	author	Michel Houellebecq
City of Thieves (novel)	author	David Benioff
Empires of the Indus	author	Alice Albinia
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 4	author	Terry Carr
Elf the Musical	author	Bob Martin
Elf the Musical	author	Thomas Meehan
Cthulhu's Reign	author	Darrell Schweitzer
The Windward Road	author	Archie Carr
Rock 'N Roll! The First 5,000 Years	author	Bob Gill (artist)
The Fall of the Pagoda	author	Eileen Chang
Play Dead (show)	author	Todd Robbins
Play Dead (show)	author	Teller (entertainer)
Hard Times: An Oral History of the Great Depression	author	Studs Terkel
Cho tôi xin một vé đi tuổi thơ	author	Nguyen Nhat Anh
QuickFuse	author	Plum Voice
Sclipo	author	Gregor Gimmy
Sclipo	author	Victor Bautista
Dead Space: Martyr	author	Brian Evenson
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 5	author	Terry Carr
White House Diary	author	Jimmy Carter
Requiem for a Species	author	Clive Hamilton
Kinematic Self-Replicating Machines	author	Robert Freitas
Kinematic Self-Replicating Machines	author	Ralph Merkle
Life (book)	author	Keith Richards
Life (book)	author	James Fox (journalist)
The Fifth Queen	author	Ford Madox Ford
Guardians of Ga'Hoole: The Journey	author	Kathryn Lasky
Delusions of Gender	author	Cordelia Fine
True You: A Journey to Finding and Loving Yourself	author	Janet Jackson
True You: A Journey to Finding and Loving Yourself	author	David Ritz
Khowar Wikipedia	author	Rehmat Aziz Chitrali
Khowar Wikipedia	author	Researcher
Sunset Park (novel)	author	Paul Auster
Outcasts (TV series)	author	Ben Richards (writer)
Outcasts (TV series)	author	David Farr (theatre director)
Philosophy: An Introduction to the Art of Wondering	author	James L. Christian
Broke: The Plan to Restore Our Trust, Truth, and Treasure	author	Glenn Beck
Debtor Nation	author	Louis Hyman
Essay on the Nature of Trade in General	author	Richard Cantillon
The Great Game (book)	author	Peter Hopkirk
The Clockwork Three	author	Matthew J. Kirby
The Babysitter III	author	R. L. Stine
The Babysitter IV	author	R. L. Stine
It's Always Jan	author	Bob Schiller
JFK in Ireland	author	Ryan Tubridy
The Prague Cemetery	author	Umberto Eco
The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages	author	Harold Bloom
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 6	author	Terry Carr
Wigs on the Green	author	Nancy Mitford
Year's Best SF 15	author	David G. Hartwell
Year's Best SF 15	author	Kathryn Cramer
Hide My Eyes	author	Margery Allingham
The Jimmy Durante Show	author	Bob Schiller
The Secret Rapture (play)	author	David Hare (playwright)
Un destino ridicolo	author	Fabrizio De André
Un destino ridicolo	author	Alessandro Gennari
The Dark Heart of Time	author	Philip José Farmer
The Complete Fighter's Handbook	author	Aaron Allston
The Complete Thief's Handbook	author	Carl Sargent
The Complete Thief's Handbook	author	Douglas Niles
The Complete Priest's Handbook	author	Aaron Allston
Carrying the Fire: An Astronaut's Journeys	author	Michael Collins (astronaut)
Carrying the Fire: An Astronaut's Journeys	author	Charles Lindbergh
Drakas!	author	S. M. Stirling
Holy Mountain (website)	author	Hélène de Billy
Holy Mountain (website)	author	Gilbert Duclos
Prince Caspian/The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (1989 TV Serial)	author	C. S. Lewis
Prince Caspian/The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (1989 TV Serial)	author	Alan Seymour
Metti Oli	author	Thirumurugan
Nadhaswaram serial	author	Thirumurugan
The Dead (Higson novel)	author	Charlie Higson
What Men Call Treasure: The Search for Gold at Victorio Peak	author	Robert Boswell
100 Tons of Gold	author	David Leon Chandler
Frannie's Turn	author	Chuck Lorre
The Ford Show	author	Norman Lear
Nights of Rain and Stars	author	Maeve Binchy
The Castle Guide	author	Nigel Findley
The Castle Guide	author	Timothy Brown (game designer)
Frozen in Time (novel)	author	Ali Sparkes
In Search of the Trojan War	author	Michael Wood (historian)
The Philanthropist (play)	author	Christopher Hampton
Mao's Great Famine	author	Frank Dikötter
Tristan and Iseult (novel)	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
King of Kilba	author	Percy F. Westerman
The Dark Griffin	author	K.J. Taylor
Richard Yates (novel)	author	Tao Lin
The Still Point	author	Amy Sackville
Out My Window	author	Katerina Cizek
Mornings in Jenin	author	Susan Abulhawa
Hella Nation	author	Evan Wright
Plutonia (novel)	author	Vladimir Obruchev
An Imaginative Approach to Teaching	author	Kieran Egan (educationist)
The Little Emperors	author	Alfred Duggan
The Sly Old Cat	author	Beatrix Potter
Vapor (novel)	author	Amanda Filipacchi
Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption	author	Laura Hillenbrand
Franklin Evans	author	Walt Whitman
The Cannibal (novel)	author	John Hawkes (novelist)
Technology and the Character of Contemporary Life: A Philosophical Inquiry	author	Albert Borgmann
The Popularity Papers	author	Amy Ignatow
Switched (book)	author	Sienna Mercer
Orbus	author	Neal Asher
Tonight We Improvise	author	Luigi Pirandello
One West Waikiki	author	Glen A. Larson
One West Waikiki	author	Gail Morgan Hickman
A Full Vindication of the Measures of Congress	author	Alexander Hamilton
The Farmer Refuted	author	Alexander Hamilton
The Rice Sprout Song	author	Eileen Chang
The Eiffel Tower and Other Mythologies	author	Roland Barthes
Million Dollar Quartet (musical)	author	Floyd Mutrux
Peckinpah: An Ultraviolent Romance	author	D. Harlan Wilson
The Spirit of Democratic Capitalism	author	Michael Novak
The Post Office (play)	author	Rabindranath Tagore
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 7	author	Terry Carr
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 8	author	Terry Carr
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 9	author	Terry Carr
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 10	author	Terry Carr
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 11	author	Terry Carr
Undersea Trilogy	author	Frederik Pohl
Undersea Trilogy  Undersea Quest   1	author	Frederik Pohl
Undersea Trilogy  Undersea Fleet   1	author	Frederik Pohl
Undersea Trilogy  Undersea City   1	author	Frederik Pohl
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 12	author	Terry Carr
Dungeon Geomorphs	author	Gary Gygax
Each In His Own Way	author	Luigi Pirandello
Non-Player Character Records	author	Harold Johnson (game designer)
Permanent Character Folder & Adventure Records	author	Harold Johnson (game designer)
Khazar English-Azerbaijani Comprehensive Dictionary	author	Hamlet Isakhanli
The Rogues Gallery	author	Brian Blume
The Cardturner	author	Louis Sachar
How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe	author	Charles Yu
Our Nig	author	Harriet E. Wilson
Bones to Ashes	author	Kathy Reichs
Devil Bones	author	Kathy Reichs
Spider Bones	author	Kathy Reichs
A Place of Greater Safety	author	Hilary Mantel
The Taste of Night	author	R. L. Stine
Catch the Beat	author	Soul Underground
Mistborn: The Alloy of Law	author	Brandon Sanderson
Grave Secrets	author	Kathy Reichs
Gyakusatsu kikan	author	Project Itoh
The Haunting (Nixon novel)	author	Joan Lowery Nixon
The Gods Are Athirst	author	Anatole France
The Warlock: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel	author	Michael Scott (Irish author)
Nightmare Hour	author	R. L. Stine
Noah's Compass	author	Anne Tyler
ConservativeHomeUSA	author	Ryan Streeter
Fear (anthology)	author	R. L. Stine
Fear (anthology)	author	Heather Graham Pozzessere
Fear (anthology)	author	Suzanne Weyn
Fear (anthology)	author	Jennifer Allison
Fear (anthology)	author	Heather Brewer
Fear (anthology)	author	Peg Kehret
Fear (anthology)	author	Alane Ferguson
Fear (anthology)	author	Ryan Brown (actor)
Fear (anthology)	author	F. Paul Wilson
Fear (anthology)	author	Meg Cabot
Fear (anthology)	author	Walter Sorrells
Fear (anthology)	author	James Rollins
A Letter to Amy	author	Ezra Jack Keats
Apt. 3	author	Ezra Jack Keats
Clementina's Cactus	author	Ezra Jack Keats
Thingiverse	author	Zach (Hoeken) Smith
Thingiverse	author	Bre Pettis
The China Governess	author	Margery Allingham
The Templar Salvation	author	Raymond Khoury
Vortex (Wilson novel)	author	Robert Charles Wilson
Frankie Boyle's Tramadol Nights	author	Frankie Boyle
Frankie Boyle's Tramadol Nights	author	Tom Stade
Frankie Boyle's Tramadol Nights	author	Robert Florence
Congo Journey	author	Redmond O'Hanlon
Empire of Silver	author	Conn Iggulden
Under the Blue Sky	author	David Eldridge (dramatist)
The Book of Wondrous Inventions	author	Bruce Heard
The Odd Women	author	George Gissing
Dacica	author	Trajan
The Gardener's Son	author	Cormac McCarthy
The Emirates of Ylaruam	author	Ken Rolston
The Kingdom of Ierendi	author	Anne Gray McCready
SiOL.net	author	Planet 9
Dungeon Master's Design Kit	author	Harold Johnson (game designer)
Dungeon Master's Design Kit	author	Aaron Allston
The Sword and the Circle	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Deeper (Long novel)	author	Jeff Long (writer)
Le Paysan de Paris	author	Louis Aragon
Memoirs of a Magdalen	author	Hugh Kelly (poet)
WorkXPlore 3D	author	Sescoi
The Reason for God	author	Timothy J. Keller
Beit Al-Deeb	author	Ezzat el Kamhawi
The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms	author	Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Come Fly with Me (2010 TV series)	author	Matt Lucas
Come Fly with Me (2010 TV series)	author	David Walliams
Come Fly with Me (2010 TV series)	author	Kevin Cecil
Come Fly with Me (2010 TV series)	author	Andy Riley
While Mortals Sleep	author	Kurt Vonnegut
The Party: The Secret World of China's Communist Rulers	author	Richard McGregor
Betty Blue Eyes	author	Ron Cowen
Betty Blue Eyes	author	Daniel Lipman
The High Deeds of Finn MacCool	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
Buddy Holly is Alive and Well on Ganymede	author	Bradley Denton
Creepy Creatures	author	R. L. Stine
Creepy Creatures	author	Scott Morse
The Bad Child's Book of Beasts	author	Hilaire Belloc
City System	author	Jeff Grubb
The Quantum Thief	author	Hannu Rajaniemi
Get Into Bed With Google	author	Jon Smith
The Bloke's Guide To Pregnancy	author	Jon Smith
Masterpiece (novel)	author	Elise Broach
The Next Queen of Heaven	author	Gregory Maguire
The Demon's Covenant	author	Sarah Rees Brennan
The Elves of Alfheim	author	Steve Perrin
The Dwarves of Rockhome	author	Aaron Allston
The Northern Reaches	author	Ken Rolston
The Northern Reaches	author	Liz Danforth
Melba (TV series)	author	Larry Balmagia
Muhteşem Yüzyıl	author	Meral Okay
The House of Breath	author	William Goyen
Barrayar	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood (novel)	author	Oliver Bowden
The First Three Minutes: A Modern View of the Origin of the Universe	author	Steven Weinberg
The Hollow Needle	author	Maurice Leblanc
Bloodlines (Richelle Mead novel)	author	Richelle Mead
Mrs. Brown's Boys	author	Brendan O'Carroll
Danny (TV series)	author	Daniel Stern (actor)
Maigret and Monsieur Charles	author	Georges Simenon
All the Devils Are Here	author	Bethany McLean
All the Devils Are Here	author	Joe Nocera
Lionel Lincoln	author	James Fenimore Cooper
Escape from Hell! (Hal Duncan novella)	author	Hal Duncan
The Legend of the Emerald Lady	author	Carolyn Keene
The Five Shires	author	Ed Greenwood
The Orcs of Thar	author	Bruce Heard
Dawn of the Emperors: Thyatis and Alphatia	author	Aaron Allston
Top Ballista	author	Carl Sargent
Dominate Your Market With Twitter	author	Jon Smith
Sabotaged (novel)	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Gilded Latten Bones	author	Glen Cook
The Bear (play)	author	Anton Chekhov
Unscientific America	author	Chris Mooney (journalist)
Unscientific America	author	Sheril Kirshenbaum
Word Lens	author	Otavio Good
Second Skin (novel)	author	John Hawkes (novelist)
Baseball Fever	author	Johanna Hurwitz
Campaign Sourcebook and Catacomb Guide	author	Paul Jaquays
Smile (graphic novel)	author	Raina Telgemeier
Psychotic Reactions and Carburetor Dung: The Work of a Legendary Critic: Rock 'n' Roll as Literature and Literature as Rock 'n' Roll	author	Lester Bangs
In a Forest, Dark and Deep	author	Neil LaBute
Serenading Louie	author	Lanford Wilson
Jaankhilavan Jasoos	author	B. P. Singh
Heliopolis (2009 novel)	author	James Scudamore
Time of the Dragon	author	David Cook (game designer)
Or You Could Kiss Me	author	Neil Bartlett (playwright)
Twenty-Nine Kisses from Roald Dahl	author	Roald Dahl
Roald Dahl's Book of Ghost Stories	author	Roald Dahl
Ah, Sweet Mystery of Life: The Country Stories of Roald Dahl	author	Roald Dahl
The Shadow Elves	author	Carl Sargent
The Horde (boxed set)	author	David Cook (game designer)
House of Anubis	author	Diane Whitley
The Roald Dahl Omnibus	author	Roald Dahl
The Collected Short Stories of Dahl	author	Roald Dahl
Geographia Neoteriki	author	Grigorios Konstantas
Geographia Neoteriki	author	Daniel Philippidis
Chuang Tse and the first emperor	author	Anna Russo
Brutally Normal	author	Stephen Chbosky
Brutally Normal	author	Will McRobb and Chris Viscardi
Brutally Normal	author	Will McRobb and Chris Viscardi
Luv Ya Bunches	author	Lauren Myracle
Exodus (Starfire)	author	Steve White (science fiction)
Hit and Run (novel)	author	Lurlene McDaniel
Dacia (Pârvan)	author	Vasile Pârvan
Getica (Dio)	author	Cassius Dio
Getica (Dio)	author	Dio Chrysostom
The Lifecycle of Software Objects	author	Ted Chiang
Tales of Unrest	author	Joseph Conrad
Everlost (novel)	author	Neal Shusterman
El Consejo de los Dioses	author	José Rizal
Daniel (Mankell novel)	author	Henning Mankell
The Dictator's Moustaches	author	Anna Russo
Tito Satya	author	Deepak Raj Giri
A la juventud filipina	author	José Rizal
Code Noir (novel)	author	Marianne de Pierres
Crash Deluxe	author	Marianne de Pierres
Guantanamo: My Journey	author	David Hicks
The Wizard of Oz (1942 musical)	author	Frank Gabrielson
Codex (novel)	author	Lev Grossman
The Nativity (2010 TV series)	author	Tony Jordan
Orion in the Dying Time	author	Ben Bova
Bengal Tiger at the Baghdad Zoo	author	Rajiv Joseph
Les Égarements du cœur et de l'esprit	author	Claude Prosper Jolyot de Crébillon
At Close Quarters	author	Eugenio Fuentes
The Best Science Fiction of the Year 13	author	Terry Carr
Terry Carr's Best Science Fiction of the Year 15	author	Terry Carr
Terry Carr's Best Science Fiction and Fantasy of the Year 16	author	Terry Carr
The Fifth Witness	author	Michael Connelly
No Land! No House! No Vote! (book)	author	Symphony Way Pavement Dwellers
Universe 1	author	Terry Carr
Slights	author	Kaaron Warren
Universe 2	author	Terry Carr
Ummachu	author	Uroob
The Empathic Civilization	author	Jeremy Rifkin
Beyond the Crash	author	Gordon Brown
Super City (TV series)	author	Madeleine Sami
Witch and Wizard: The Gift	author	James Patterson
Riding the Rap	author	Elmore Leonard
The Lampshade: A Holocaust Detective Story from Buchenwald to New Orleans	author	Mark Jacobson
Griftopia	author	Matt Taibbi
Odayil Ninnu	author	Kesavadev
Moonlight on the Highway	author	Dennis Potter
Security: A New Framework for Analysis	author	Barry Buzan
Security: A New Framework for Analysis	author	Ole Wæver
Security: A New Framework for Analysis	author	Jaap De Wilde
The Man in the Moone	author	Francis Godwin
The Mind Readers	author	Margery Allingham
Diwan-e-Ghalib	author	Mirza Ghalib
Kashkol (TV series)	author	Haseena Moin
Shehzori	author	Haseena Moin
X Isle	author	Steve Augarde
Norman Corwin Presents	author	Norman Corwin
Sunshine Sketches (TV series)	author	Don Harron
The Deadly Dungeon	author	Ron Roy
An Album of Fluid Motion	author	Milton Van Dyke
Overwinter (novel)	author	David Wellington (author)
The Hunt for Dark Infinity	author	James Dashner
Sapphique	author	Catherine Fisher
Hush (2010 novel)	author	Proverbs 31
Common Sense on Mutual Funds: New Imperatives for the Intelligent Investor	author	John Bogle
The Plant List	author	Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew
The Plant List	author	Missouri Botanical Garden
The Keepers of Truth	author	Michael Collins (Irish author)
Fire and Sword (novel)	author	Simon Scarrow
Zen (TV series)	author	Simon Burke (writer)
Zen (TV series)	author	Peter Berry
Zen (TV series)	author	Michael Dibdin
Winter of Fire (non-fiction)	author	Richard Oliver Collin
Winter of Fire (non-fiction)	author	Gordon L. Freeman
China Men	author	Maxine Hong Kingston
Non (book)	author	Nozomi Sasaki (model)
Vengeance of Orion (novel)	author	Ben Bova
The Fields of Death	author	Simon Scarrow
Schilder-boeck	author	Karel van Mander
Wild Kratts	author	Martin Kratt
Wild Kratts	author	Chris Kratt
Wild Kratts	author	Eva Almos
Wild Kratts	author	Doll Factory
Maigret and the Dosser	author	Georges Simenon
Decoding Reality	author	Vlatko Vedral
The Dream of the Celt	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
The Key Word and Other Mysteries	author	Isaac Asimov
The Disappearing Man and Other Mysteries	author	Isaac Asimov
The Best Mysteries of Isaac Asimov	author	Isaac Asimov
Exoplanet Data Explorer	author	Jason T. Wright
Exoplanet Data Explorer	author	Geoffrey Marcy
Exoplanet Data Explorer	author	Onsi Fakhouri
Curious George Gets a Medal	author	H. A. Rey
Curious George Gets a Medal	author	Margret Rey
No Boats on Bannermere	author	Geoffrey Trease
Up to Now (Shaw autobiography)	author	Martin Shaw (composer)
Champions of Valor	author	Sean K. Reynolds
Enemies and Allies	author	Jeff Grubb
Enemies and Allies	author	David Noonan (game designer)
Enemies and Allies	author	Skip Williams
Enemies and Allies	author	Bruce Cordell
Hero Builder's Guidebook	author	David Noonan (game designer)
Hero Builder's Guidebook	author	John D. Rateliff
Unapproachable East (supplement)	author	Richard Baker (game designer)
Unapproachable East (supplement)	author	Sean K. Reynolds
Battle Hymn of China	author	Agnes Smedley
Antispin	author	Richard Bronson
The Age of Empire: 1875–1914	author	Eric Hobsbawm
Going to Extremes (book)	author	Joe McGinniss
Only Words (book)	author	Catharine MacKinnon
TVLine	author	Michael Ausiello
Turning Thirty	author	Mike Gayle
Gnomes (book)	author	Wil Huygen
Friendly Fire: The Illusion of Justice	author	Adam A Bereki
Fire: From A Journal of Love	author	Anaïs Nin
Grass (novel)	author	Sheri S. Tepper
Dark Avenues	author	Ivan Bunin
Iris: Abroad	author	Paul Magrs
Iris: Abroad	author	Stuart Douglas (writer)
The Mousehole Cat	author	Antonia Barber
Karadağlar	author	Alican Yaraş
The Apocalypse Troll	author	David Weber
Now I Know (novel)	author	Aidan Chambers
The Toll Bridge	author	Aidan Chambers
Lone Survivor: The Eyewitness Account of Operation Redwing and the Lost Heroes of SEAL Team 10	author	Marcus Luttrell
Lone Survivor: The Eyewitness Account of Operation Redwing and the Lost Heroes of SEAL Team 10	author	Patrick Robinson (author)
Player One	author	Douglas Coupland
Sapphira and the Slave Girl	author	Willa Cather
Los Beverly de Peralvillo	author	Mauricio Kleiff
The Year's Best Science Fiction: Eighth Annual Collection	author	Gardner Dozois
Don Parties On (play)	author	David Williamson
Signum Framework	author	Signum Software
Last Light (novel)	author	Andy McNab
Treasure Islands	author	Nicholas Shaxson
The Polly Bergen Show	author	Marvin Worth
Moon Over Manifest	author	Clare Vanderpool
A Sick Day for Amos McGee	author	Erin E. Stead
Ship Breaker	author	Paolo Bacigalupi
The Metropolis Case	author	Matthew Gallaway
Le Méchant	author	Jean-Baptiste-Louis Gresset
The Madness of Lady Bright	author	Lanford Wilson
Tale of the Tribe	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Coincidance: A Head Test	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Sex, Drugs and Magick: A Journey Beyond Limits	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Reality Is What You Can Get Away With	author	Robert Anton Wilson
TSOG: The Thing That Ate the Constitution	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Natural Law, or Don't Put a Rubber on Your Willy	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Everything Is Under Control: Conspiracies, Cults and Cover-ups	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Everything Is Under Control: Conspiracies, Cults and Cover-ups	author	Miriam Joan Hill
Ishtar Rising	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Liberation Day (novel)	author	Andy McNab
The Four Million	author	O. Henry
The Sex Magicians	author	Robert Anton Wilson
Why We Get Fat: And What to Do About It	author	Gary Taubes
Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother	author	Amy Chua
Girl in the Goldfish Bowl	author	Morris Panych
Corrie!	author	Jonathan Harvey (playwright)
This Is All: The Pillow Book of Cordelia Kenn	author	Aidan Chambers
The Investment Answer	author	Daniel C. Goldie
The Investment Answer	author	Gordon S. Murray
Rain on the Roof	author	Dennis Potter
Cream in My Coffee	author	Dennis Potter
Succubus Heat	author	Richelle Mead
And the Band Played On	author	Randy Shilts
The Tik-Tok Man of Oz	author	L. Frank Baum
In Chancery	author	John Galsworthy
Interred with Their Bones	author	Jennifer Lee Carrell
Can I Have 5 Minutes Of Your Time?	author	Hal Becker
Eleven Blue Men	author	Berton Roueché
Canaan's Oothoon	author	Dr.Donna Walker-Nixon
The Legion (novel)	author	Simon Scarrow
Praetorian (novel)	author	Simon Scarrow
The Search for WondLa	author	Tony DiTerlizzi
The Winner Stands Alone	author	Paulo Coelho
The Last Empress: Madame Chiang Kai-shek and the Birth of Modern China	author	Hannah Pakula
Alice Lorraine	author	R. D. Blackmore
Textbook of Biochemistry	author	Alexander Thomas Cameron
More Than Good Intentions	author	Dean Karlan
The Throne of Fire	author	Rick Riordan
The 4-Hour Body	author	Timothy Ferriss
Lie Down with Lions	author	Ken Follett
La Teacher de Inglés	author	Ana Fernanda Martínez
La Teacher de Inglés	author	Andrea López (screenwriter)
La Teacher de Inglés	author	Carlos Fernández
La Teacher de Inglés	author	Karen Rodríguez
To the End of the Land	author	David Grossman
Farlander	author	Col Buchanan
Club Oasis	author	Stanley Shapiro
The Film That Changed My Life	author	Robert K. Elder
Wilderness: The Lost Writings of Jim Morrison	author	Jim Morrison
Noah's Ark (1956 TV series)	author	Jack Webb
Five Stories (short story collection)	author	Willa Cather
The Twenty-Four-Inch Home Run	author	Michael Bryson
Jake's Long Shadow	author	Alan Duff
Am kürzeren Ende der Sonnenallee	author	Thomas Brussig
My Favorite Fairy Tales	author	Winston Richard
The Old Beauty and Others	author	Willa Cather
The Insufferable Gaucho	author	Roberto Bolaño
Hungry Hearts (novel)	author	Anzia Yezierska
The Return (short story collection)	author	Roberto Bolaño
Carte Blanche (novel)	author	Jeffery Deaver
Breaktime (novel)	author	Aidan Chambers
Fine Prey	author	Scott Westerfeld
Evolution's Darling	author	Scott Westerfeld
The Killing of Worlds	author	Scott Westerfeld
The Problem Solverz	author	Eric Kaplan
The Problem Solverz	author	Michael Yank
The Problem Solverz	author	Bob Foligno
The Problem Solverz	author	Steve DiMaggio
The Problem Solverz	author	Rob Rockwell
The Problem Solverz	author	Christain Michaels
The Problem Solverz	author	Kevin Simonon
The Problem Solverz	author	The Problem Solverz
New Turkish Cinema	author	Asuman Suner
They Fight Like Soldiers, They Die Like Children	author	Roméo Dallaire
The Hidden Reality: Parallel Universes and the Deep Laws of the Cosmos	author	Brian Greene
Plugged (novel)	author	Eoin Colfer
Antwerp (novel)	author	Roberto Bolaño
QtdSync	author	Thomas Döring
The Brand Trust Report	author	N Chandramouli
Everwild	author	Neal Shusterman
O: A Presidential Novel	author	Mark Salter
The Red Rover	author	James Fenimore Cooper
The Lost Gate	author	Orson Scott Card
This Horrid Practice	author	Paul Moon
Feminism Unmodified	author	Catharine MacKinnon
The Dennis Day Show	author	Paul Henning
Sex on the Moon	author	Ben Mezrich
Pakistan Chronicle	author	Aqeel Jafri
Men, Women, and Chainsaws	author	Carol J. Clover
The Concubine (novel)	author	Elechi Amadi
Charlie Johnson in the Flames	author	Michael Ignatieff
Sacred Country	author	Rose Tremain
Appointment with Adventure	author	Rod Serling
Appointment with Adventure	author	Anne Howard Bailey
Weaving the Web: The Original Design and Ultimate Destiny of the World Wide Web by its inventor	author	Tim Berners-Lee
Theory of War	author	Joan Brady
How TV Ruined Your Life	author	Charlie Brooker
Bright's Passage	author	Josh Ritter
Mama, I Want to Sing! (musical)	author	Vy Higginsen
Mama, I Want to Sing! (musical)	author	Ken Wydro
Tekkōki Mikazuki	author	Toshiki Inoue
What Engineers Know and How They Know It	author	Walter G. Vincenti
The Wizard's Map	author	Jane Yolen
Riotous Assembly	author	Tom Sharpe
Freedom of Expression (McLeod book)	author	Kembrew McLeod
The Woggle-Bug (musical)	author	L. Frank Baum
Escape from Memory	author	Margaret Peterson Haddix
Red Poppies on Monte Cassino	author	Feliks Konarski
FlightPathTV	author	Trevor Conn
Not a Box	author	Antoinette Portis
The Promise (2011 TV serial)	author	Peter Kosminsky
Sweeping Up Glass	author	Carolyn Wall
Net.wars	author	Wendy M. Grossman
Good People (play)	author	David Lindsay-Abaire
The Bang-Bang Club (book)	author	Greg Marinovich
The Bang-Bang Club (book)	author	Joao Silva
Fantasy Freaks and Gaming Geeks	author	Ethan Gilsdorf
Lurulu	author	Jack Vance
Night Lamp	author	Jack Vance
The Best American Magazine Writing 2007	author	American Society of Magazine Editors
Interlok	author	Abdullah Hussain
Viaţa ca o pradă	author	Marin Preda
ECONned	author	Naked Capitalism
I Eat Butterflies	author	Raven c.s. McCracken
The Tables of the Law	author	Thomas Mann
Google Plugin for Eclipse	author	Google
The Big Question (novel)	author	Chuck Barris
Adland	author	Åsk Wäppling
The Haunted Mask (TV special)	author	José Rivera (playwright)
Chemmeen (novel)	author	Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai
The Survivor (1976 novel)	author	James Herbert
Enemies & Allies	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Coraline (musical)	author	David Greenspan
The Rising (Flight Engineer)	author	S. M. Stirling
The Rising (Flight Engineer)	author	James Doohan
The Privateer (Flight Engineer)	author	S. M. Stirling
The Privateer (Flight Engineer)	author	James Doohan
The Independent Command (Flight Engineer)	author	S. M. Stirling
The Independent Command (Flight Engineer)	author	James Doohan
Nearer the Moon: From A Journal of Love	author	Anaïs Nin
Arsene Lupin vs. Herlock Sholmes	author	Maurice Leblanc
Millroy the Magician	author	Paul Theroux
What Technology Wants	author	Kevin Kelly (editor)
A Hand Is on the Gate	author	Roscoe Lee Browne
The Mystery of a Hansom Cab	author	Fergus Hume
Becoming Human	author	Brian Dooley
Becoming Human	author	Jamie Mathieson
Becoming Human	author	John Jackson
Romuald the Reindeer	author	Roger Planer
Romuald the Reindeer	author	Robin Lyons
Romuald the Reindeer	author	Andrew Offiler
The Werewolf of Fever Swamp (TV special)	author	Neal Shusterman
I, Lovett	author	Norman Lovett
I, Lovett	author	Ian Pattison
Entdeckung der blauen Grotte auf der Insel Capri	author	August Kopisch
The Dreamseller	author	Augusto Cury
Tumhari Amrita	author	Javed Siddiqui
The Origin of Birds (book)	author	Gerhard Heilmann
The Adventures of Pow Wow	author	Ben Hardaway
Dandelion Fire	author	N. D. Wilson
The Chestnut King	author	N. D. Wilson
World Made By Hand	author	James Howard Kunstler
Three Seconds	author	Roslund/Hellström
Gaza in Crisis	author	Noam Chomsky
Gaza in Crisis	author	Ilan Pappé
Bring Home the Revolution	author	Jonathan Freedland
To Save America	author	Newt Gingrich
Marchlands	author	Stephen Greenhorn
Marchlands	author	David Schulner
Fontamara	author	Ignazio Silone
The Compendium of American Genealogy	author	The Compendium of American Genealogy
A Gate at the Stairs	author	Lorrie Moore
All Things Digital	author	Kara Swisher
All Things Digital	author	Walter Mossberg
Four Upbuilding Discourses, 1843	author	Søren Kierkegaard
Agatha Raisin and the Deadly Dance	author	Marion Chesney
Conan the Valiant	author	Roland Green
The Sun, the Genome and the Internet	author	Freeman Dyson
The Mandala of Sherlock Holmes	author	Jamyang Norbu
The George Wendt Show	author	Lew Schneider
The George Wendt Show	author	Peter Tolan
Anno (Austrian Newspapers Online)	author	Austrian National Library
Chanticleer and the Fox (book)	author	Barbara Cooney
Baby It's You!	author	Floyd Mutrux
Conan the Savage	author	Leonard Carpenter
Chanakya's Chant	author	Ashwin Sanghi
The Last Dragonslayer	author	Jasper Fforde
MacHomer	author	Rick Miller (comedian)
MacHomer	author	William Shakespeare
La Sainte Courtisane	author	Oscar Wilde
The Forgotten Garden	author	Kate Morton
The Assyrian (novel)	author	Nicholas Guild
Memory (Bujold novel)	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
A Civil Campaign	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Lord of Souls	author	Gregory Keyes
The Rogue Crew	author	Brian Jacques
Songs for the Devil and Death	author	Hal Duncan
Two Centuries of Silence	author	Abdolhossein Zarrinkoob
Nathaniel Fludd, Beastologist	author	R. L. LaFevers
Ben Elton Live From Planet Earth	author	Ben Elton
The Bee Gees Special	author	Stuart Birnbaum
The Bee Gees Special	author	Ken Ehrlich
A Teaspoon Every Four Hours	author	Jackie Mason
A Teaspoon Every Four Hours	author	Mike Mortman
Tom Clancy's EndWar: The Hunted	author	David Michaels
Talking Man	author	Terry Bisson
Le lieutenant de Kouta	author	Massa Makan Diabaté
Go Fish (TV series)	author	Pam Brady
Go Fish (TV series)	author	Adam Herz
The Shadow Line (TV series)	author	Hugo Blick
Rebels in Hell	author	Janet Morris
The Lad and the Lion	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
When Pele Broke Our Hearts	author	Mario Risoli
Sherlock Holmes: The Unauthorized Biography	author	Nick Rennison
Super Sad True Love Story	author	Gary Shteyngart
A Short History of the World (H. G. Wells)	author	H. G. Wells
The Final Battle (novel)	author	William C. Dietz
Heroes in Hell (book)	author	Janet Morris
Explanatory Dictionary of the Living Great Russian Language	author	Vladimir Dal
The Heretic (play)	author	Richard Bean
Dictionary of the Russian Language (Ozhegov)	author	Sergei Ivanovich Ozhegov
Haywire (book)	author	Brooke Hayward
The Public Defender (TV series)	author	David Dortort
I Am Number Four	author	I Am Number Four
Christopher and His Kind	author	Christopher Isherwood
Ecstasy: Three Tales of Chemical Romance	author	Irvine Welsh
Epitaph for George Dillon	author	John Osborne
Epitaph for George Dillon	author	Anthony Creighton
A Sense of Where You Are	author	John McPhee
A Question and Answer Guide to Astronomy	author	Pierre-Yves Bely
A Question and Answer Guide to Astronomy	author	Carol Christian
A Question and Answer Guide to Astronomy	author	Jean-Rene Roy
The Transfer Agreement	author	Edwin Black
Ken and Deirdre's Bedtime Stories	author	Jonathan Harvey
The Decoration of Houses	author	Edith Wharton
Red Dwarf: Infinity Welcomes Careful Drivers	author	Rob Grant
The Autobiography of a Flea	author	Anonymous work
Smash (TV series)	author	Theresa Rebeck
Pat & Mat	author	Lubomír Beneš
Pat & Mat	author	Vladimír Jiránek
Pat & Mat	author	Jiří Kubíček
Pat & Mat	author	Marek Beneš
City of Djinns	author	William Dalrymple (historian)
American Jihad: The Terrorists Living Among Us	author	Steven Emerson
Chymical Wedding of Christian Rosenkreutz	author	Johannes Valentinus Andreae
Women in Refrigerators	author	Daniel Merlin Goodbrey
Women in Refrigerators	author	Gail Simone
Women in Refrigerators	author	Beau Yarbrough
Mystery of the Whale Tattoo	author	Franklin W. Dixon
House of Stairs (William Sleator novel)	author	William Sleator
The Sea Came in at Midnight	author	Steve Erickson
Black Bart (theatre)	author	Juan María Solare
Black Bart (theatre)	author	Charles E. Bolton
On the Genealogy of Morality	author	Friedrich Nietzsche
The Dresden Files	author	Jim Butcher
The Brooklyn Follies	author	Paul Auster
The Anatomy of Revolution	author	Crane Brinton
Tennessee Tuxedo and His Tales	author	W. Watts Biggers
Before the Game	author	Paul Calleja
Before the Game	author	Adam Rozenbachs
Heart & Soul: Australia's First Families of Wine	author	James Halliday
Soul Catcher (novel)	author	Frank Herbert
Britons: Forging the Nation 1707-1837	author	Linda Colley
Pink (novel)	author	Gus Van Sant
The Scheme for Full Employment	author	Magnus Mills
We Can Have Peace in the Holy Land	author	Jimmy Carter
Six Walks in the Fictional Woods	author	Umberto Eco
The Dogs of Riga	author	Henning Mankell
Chronicles: Volume One	author	Bob Dylan
Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter? (play)	author	George Axelrod
Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco	author	Bryan Burrough
Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco	author	John Helyar
The Timeless Way of Building	author	Christopher Alexander
The Feynman Lectures on Physics	author	Richard Feynman
The Feynman Lectures on Physics	author	Robert B. Leighton
The Feynman Lectures on Physics	author	Matthew Sands
Wyrms (novel)	author	Orson Scott Card
Tales of Dunk and Egg	author	George R. R. Martin
Laff-A-Lympics	author	Neal Barbera
Laff-A-Lympics	author	Haskell Barkin
The Incomplete Enchanter	author	L. Sprague de Camp
The Incomplete Enchanter	author	Fletcher Pratt
De la pirotechnia	author	Vannoccio Biringuccio
R-T, Margaret, and the Rats of NIMH	author	Jane Leslie Conly
This Immortal	author	Roger Zelazny
The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail	author	Michael Baigent
The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail	author	Richard Leigh (author)
The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail	author	Henry Lincoln
Dictionary of the Khazars	author	Milorad Pavić (writer)
The Mother Tongue (book)	author	Bill Bryson
The Rise of Endymion	author	Dan Simmons
Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us	author	Daniel H. Pink
Official History of Australian Peacekeeping, Humanitarian and Post-Cold War Operations	author	David Horner
Google Fusion Tables	author	Google
Dragon Age: Redemption	author	Felicia Day
The Wanderers (novel)	author	Ingrid Rimland
Aunt Louisa's Oft Told Tales	author	Laura Valentine
The Meaning of It All	author	Richard Feynman
Diary of a Pilgrimage	author	Jerome K. Jerome
Ben Elton: The Man from Auntie	author	Ben Elton
Empire of Dirt	author	Wendy Fonarow
The Gods Are Not To Blame	author	Ola Rotimi
Housos	author	Paul Fenech
Pictures from the Insects' Life	author	Karel Čapek
The European Union as a Small Power: After the Post-Cold War	author	Asle Toje
The Soldier's Song (novel)	author	Alan Monaghan
To Die in Mexico: Dispatches from Inside the Drug War	author	John Gibler
Ullward's Retreat	author	Jack Vance
Ukraine: A History	author	Orest Subtelny
Good Advice (TV series)	author	Michael Patrick King
Good Advice (TV series)	author	Barnet Kellman
Good Advice (TV series)	author	Max Mutchnick
SoftMaker Presentations	author	SoftMaker
Buried Thunder (novel)	author	Tim Bowler
The Family Arsenal	author	Paul Theroux
The Tea Party Goes to Washington	author	Rand Paul
The Village of Waiting	author	George Packer
Toyota Kata	author	Mike Rother
Common Law (2012 TV series)	author	Marianne Wibberley & Cormac Wibberley
Common Law (2012 TV series)	author	Marianne Wibberley & Cormac Wibberley
Yahşi Cazibe	author	Gani Müjde
The Twisted Whiskers Show	author	Timothy Björklund
The Twisted Whiskers Show	author	Bill Kopp
The Twisted Whiskers Show	author	Mr. Lawrence
The Twisted Whiskers Show	author	Martin Olson
Ang mga Kaibigan ni Mama Susan	author	Bob Ong
Vendetta (Star Trek)	author	Peter David
Ohh Nooo! Mr. Bill Presents	author	Walter Williams
South Riding (2011 miniseries)	author	Andrew Davies (writer)
South Riding (2011 miniseries)	author	Winifred Holtby
The Last Sherlock Holmes Story	author	Michael Dibdin
The Country Blues (book)	author	Samuel Charters
NASA Star and Exoplanet Database	author	NASA
NASA Star and Exoplanet Database	author	California Institute of Technology
The Merveilleuses	author	Victorien Sardou
The Merveilleuses	author	Basil Hood
The Strange Case of Mrs. Hudson's Cat	author	Colin Bruce
While Europe Slept: How Radical Islam is Destroying the West from Within	author	Bruce Bawer
Black Ice (memoir)	author	Lorene Cary
Leading television serials in Pakistan	author	Seema Ghazal
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Moorat   1	author	Seema Ghazal
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Makan   1	author	Bushra Ansari
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Shiddat 2005   1	author	Seema Ghazal
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Dost   1	author	Mateen Mehmoodl
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Riyasat   1	author	Asgher Nadeem Syed
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Manzil   1	author	Zubair Abbas
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Jaal   1	author	Shahid Shafaat
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Jaal   1	author	Ali Imran
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Koi Tou Baarish   1	author	Seema Ghazal
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Yaadain   1	author	Mehmood Akhtar
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Sarkar Sahab   1	author	Seema Ghazal
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Kitni Dour Kitnay Pass   1	author	Seema Ghazal
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Chaar Chand   1	author	Seema Ghazal
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Flirting Ke Side Effects   1	author	Ali Imran
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Sotayli   1	author	Seema Ghazal
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Tere Liye   1	author	Seema Ghazal
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Pyar Mein Twist   1	author	Ali Imran
The Borrowers Avenged	author	Mary Norton (author)
Elijah of Buxton	author	Christopher Paul Curtis
Silk (TV series)	author	Peter Moffat
The Andromeda Galaxy	author	Paul W. Hodge
Dark Places (novel)	author	Gillian Flynn
Fredy Neptune	author	Les Murray (poet)
Davy and the Goblin	author	Charles E. Carryl
The Admiral's Caravan	author	Charles E. Carryl
Dry-Fly Fishing in Theory and Practice	author	Frederic M. Halford
The Empire (play)	author	D. C. Moore
If There Is I Haven't Found It Yet	author	Nick Payne
The Black History of the White House	author	Clarence Lusane
Broken (Slaughter novel)	author	Karin Slaughter
My Lover, My Wife	author	Suzette Doctolero
Sucker Punch (play)	author	Roy Williams (playwright)
Dust and Shadow	author	Lyndsay Faye
Sherlock Holmes and the Railway Maniac	author	Barrie Roberts
Heroes of Princeton	author	Chris Bell
Blue Remembered Earth	author	Alastair Reynolds
Mr. Britling Sees It Through	author	H. G. Wells
Two Upbuilding Discourses, 1844	author	Søren Kierkegaard
August Heat (short story)	author	W. F. Harvey
Double or Nothing (1971 novel)	author	Raymond Federman
Pretty Little Things	author	Jilliane Hoffman
Below the Root (novel)	author	Zilpha Keatley Snyder
And All Between	author	Zilpha Keatley Snyder
Until the Celebration	author	Zilpha Keatley Snyder
Princess of the Midnight Ball	author	Jessica Day George
The Mammoth Book of Erotica	author	Maxim Jakubowski
Autobiografía del general Franco	author	Manuel Vázquez Montalbán
Daybreak Zero	author	John Barnes (author)
Palpasa Cafe	author	Narayan Wagle
China's Red Army Marches	author	Agnes Smedley
The Secret Circle (TV series)	author	L. J. Smith (author)
But Never Jam Today	author	Vinnette Justine Carroll
The Blue Economy	author	Gunter Pauli
Exotica (book)	author	David Toop
11/22/63	author	Stephen King
The Porcupine	author	Julian Barnes
Captain from Castile (novel)	author	Samuel Shellabarger
The Seer (Young Adult Novel Series)	author	Linda Joy Singleton
To Die For (novel)	author	Linda Howard
Tomorrow's Daydream Solo Piano Songbook	author	Brian Kelly (composer & pianist)
Pym (novel)	author	Mat Johnson
The Hat Squad	author	Stephen J. Cannell
Rage of a Demon King	author	Raymond E. Feist
At the Gates of Darkness	author	Raymond E. Feist
Old Man Murray	author	Chet Faliszek
Old Man Murray	author	Erik Wolpaw
The new Troy	author	Alexandre Dumas
A Girl Named Zippy: Growing Up Small in Mooreland, Indiana	author	Haven Kimmel
Dangerous Angels	author	Francesca Lia Block
Anatomy of a Disappearance	author	Hisham Matar
The Amazing World of Gumball	author	Ben Bocquelet
The Amazing World of Gumball	author	James Lamont (writer)
The Amazing World of Gumball	author	Jon Foster (writer)
Shards of a Broken Crown	author	Raymond E. Feist
GPGMail	author	GPGTools
Love Sick (novel)	author	Jake Coburn
Sribhargavaraghaviyam	author	Jagadguru Rāmabhadrācārya
Ask Me No Questions (novel)	author	Marina Budhos
Crescendo (novel)	author	Becca Fitzpatrick
The Boys from St. Petri (novel)	author	Bjarne Reuter
Lush: A Novel	author	Natasha Friend
Leave It to Jane	author	Guy Bolton
Leave It to Jane	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Kriyakramakari	author	Sankara Variar
Let It Snow (novel)	author	Maureen Johnson
How to Eat a Small Country	author	Amy Finley
The Darling Buds of May (novel)	author	H. E. Bates
Scorpion and Felix	author	Karl Marx
The Bushbabies	author	William Stevenson (Canadian writer)
Known and Unknown: A Memoir	author	Donald Rumsfeld
Wong Fei Hung Series	author	Tsui Hark
The Nanny (2003 novel)	author	Melissa Nathan
The Savage Mind	author	Claude Lévi-Strauss
Wintergirls	author	Laurie Halse Anderson
The Killing of Tupac Shakur	author	Cathy Scott
Alabama Moon (novel)	author	Watt Key
Bloodlands: Europe Between Hitler and Stalin	author	Timothy D. Snyder
Sarah Armstrong Mystery series	author	Kathryn Casey
The Phantom of the Card Table	author	Walter Irving Scott
Ashtavakra (epic)	author	Jagadguru Rāmabhadrācārya
The Fleet Street Murders	author	Charles Finch
Three Stations	author	Martin Cruz Smith
Take Back Plenty	author	Colin Greenland
Soy gitano	author	Marcos Carnevale
Soy gitano	author	Marcela Guerty
Hellhole (novel)	author	Brian Herbert
Hellhole (novel)	author	Kevin J. Anderson
Whizzard!	author	The Two Steves
Whizzard!	author	The Two Steves
The Uses of Enchantment	author	Bruno Bettelheim
Bhrngadutam	author	Jagadguru Rāmabhadrācārya
Runs n' Ruins	author	Sunil Gavaskar
Lives of Omission	author	Sharon Au
A Kingdom Besieged	author	Raymond E. Feist
The Steam-Driven Boy and other Strangers	author	John Thomas Sladek
Cherokee Bat and the Goat Guys	author	Francesca Lia Block
Missing Angel Juan	author	Francesca Lia Block
Caucasia (novel)	author	Danzy Senna
The Moment of Eclipse	author	Brian Aldiss
Desire Caught by the Tail	author	Pablo Picasso
Dirk Gently (TV series)	author	Douglas Adams
Dirk Gently (TV series)	author	Howard Overman
Goals in the Air	author	Michael Hardcastle
Soccer Comes First	author	Michael Hardcastle
1001 Best Ways	author	Paul Angles
Sidney Rigdon: A Portrait of Religious Excess	author	Richard S. Van Wagoner
A Visit From the Goon Squad	author	Jennifer Egan
Only Time Will Tell (novel)	author	Jeffrey Archer
The Tiger's Wife	author	Téa Obreht
Scarecrow and the Army of Thieves	author	Matthew Reilly
The Thomas Ligotti Reader: Essays and Explorations	author	Darrell Schweitzer
Twenty Twelve (TV series)	author	John Morton (writer)
Darkest Mercy	author	Melissa Marr (author)
That's My Boy (1954 TV series)	author	Bob Schiller
Willy (TV series)	author	William Spier
Packing for Mars: The Curious Science of Life in the Void	author	Mary Roach
The Murder of Biggie Smalls	author	Cathy Scott
Liberalisme (anthology)	author	Lars Svendsen
Goal (novel)	author	Michael Hardcastle
United! (novel)	author	Michael Hardcastle
Dockers (TV programme)	author	Jimmy McGovern
Dockers (TV programme)	author	Irvine Welsh
Antonietta (novel)	author	John Hersey
On the Down Low: A Journey Into the Lives of Straight Black Men Who Sleep with Men	author	J. L. King
Miss 1917	author	Guy Bolton
Miss 1917	author	P. G. Wodehouse
Unlikely Brothers	author	John Prendergast
Grammata Serica Recensa	author	Bernhard Karlgren
Swing Easy (TV series)	author	Alex Barris
Time of Hope	author	C. P. Snow
The Master and Margarita (1994 film)	author	Mikhail Bulgakov
The Need for Roots	author	Simone Weil
The Mark of the Horse Lord	author	Rosemary Sutcliff
The Cult (novel)	author	Max Simon Ehrlich
Peter and the Starcatchers (play)	author	Rick Elice
Magic City (TV series)	author	Mitch Glazer
LazySave	author	LazySave
The Sun Saboteurs	author	Damon Knight
The Belton Estate	author	Anthony Trollope
Anhoniyon Ka Andhera	author	Vikram Bhatt
When the Killing's Done (Boyle)	author	T. Coraghessan Boyle
Half Broke Horses	author	Jeannette Walls
The Outlaws of Mars	author	Otis Adelbert Kline
New Provinces (poetry anthology)	author	F. R. Scott
Mirror Dance	author	Lois McMaster Bujold
Epistles of Wisdom	author	Al-Hakim bi-Amr Allah
Epistles of Wisdom	author	Hamza ibn-'Ali ibn-Ahmad
Welcome to Higby	author	Mark Dunn
A for Anything	author	Damon Knight
Perfect Peace	author	Daniel Black
Fist, Stick, Knife, Gun	author	Geoffrey Canada
Here Comes Civilization	author	William Tenn
Unbound (book)	author	Dean King
Empire State of Mind (book)	author	Zack O'Malley Greenburg
Bird at the Buzzer	author	Doris Burke
We Who Are About To...	author	Joanna Russ
(Extra)ordinary People	author	Joanna Russ
Hell's Pavement	author	Damon Knight
Necronomicon: The Best Weird Tales of H. P. Lovecraft: Commemorative Edition	author	H. P. Lovecraft
What Would the Founders Do?	author	Richard Brookhiser
Abuse of Power	author	Michael Savage
The Traveler's Gift	author	Andy Andrews
Surviving your Serengeti	author	Stefan Swanepoel
A Spaceship Built of Stone and Other Stories	author	Lisa Tuttle
Clarkson on Cars	author	Jeremy Clarkson
The Ginger Cat and Other Lost Plays	author	Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
Bulbulay	author	Ali Imran
The Life of Percy Bysshe Shelley	author	Thomas Jefferson Hogg
The 3+1 Plan	author	Brett Alegre-Wood
Hasamba Dor 3	author	Yigal Mossinson
Hector (API)	author	Ran Tavory
Biciklom do Hilandara	author	Predrag Miletić
Jesus of Nazareth: Holy Week: From the Entrance into Jerusalem to the Resurrection	author	Pope Benedict XVI
Jesus of Nazareth: Holy Week: From the Entrance into Jerusalem to the Resurrection	author	Pope Benedict XVI
The Dead Circus	author	John Kaye
The Morningside World of Stuart McLean	author	Stuart McLean
Passage to Nirvana	author	Lee Carlson
Transformers: Exodus - The Official History of the War for Cybertron	author	Alexander C. Irvine
Andha Yug	author	Dharamvir Bharati
Home from the Vinyl Cafe	author	Stuart McLean
Vinyl Cafe Unplugged	author	Stuart McLean
Vinyl Cafe Diaries	author	Stuart McLean
The Vinyl Cafe Notebooks	author	Stuart McLean
Los únicos	author	Pablo Junovich
Los únicos	author	Cecilia Guerty
Los únicos	author	Mariano Vera
Masters of Evolution	author	Damon Knight
Della mercatura e del mercante perfetto	author	Benedikt Kotruljević
The Space Between Us (novel)	author	Thrity Umrigar
What I Know For Sure: My Story of Growing Up in America	author	Tavis Smiley
An Army of Davids	author	Glenn Reynolds
JPlayer	author	Mark Panaghiston
Anatomy of Gray	author	Jim Leonard
Militant Liberty: A Program of Evaluation and Assessment of Freedom	author	United States Department of Defense
A Chance to Make History	author	Wendy Kopp
Choti Bahu 2	author	S. Manasvi
The Final Summit	author	Andy Andrews
Die Abenteuer des Werner Holt	author	Dieter Noll
The God of Animals	author	Aryn Kyle
Selling Illusions: The Cult of Multiculturalism in Canada	author	Neil Bissoondath
Peruvazhiyambalam (novel)	author	Padmarajan
Young Man Luther	author	Erik Erikson
Canoeing with the Cree	author	Eric Sevareid
Vampire Mountain	author	Darren Shan
Glow in the Dark (book)	author	Kanye West
American Smooth (poem)	author	Rita Dove
On the Bus with Rosa Parks	author	Rita Dove
Disney Second Screen	author	Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment
Six Million Crucifixions	author	Gabriel Wilensky
Reflections on Violence	author	Georges Sorel
Starstruck (play)	author	Elaine Lee
A Hunger Artist (collection)	author	Franz Kafka
Yakshi (novel)	author	Malayattoor Ramakrishnan
The Sun's seventh horse (novel)	author	Dharamvir Bharati
The Princeton Field Guide to Dinosaurs	author	Gregory S. Paul
When Technology Fails	author	Neil Y. Schlager
A Song Flung Up to Heaven	author	Maya Angelou
All God's Children Need Traveling Shoes	author	Maya Angelou
UT-VPN	author	Daiyuu Nobori
UT-VPN	author	SoftEther Corporation
UT-VPN	author	University of Tsukuba
The Maintenance of Headway	author	Magnus Mills
The Men From The Boys	author	Mart Crowley
Great Soul: Mahatma Gandhi and His Struggle With India	author	Joseph Lelyveld
A Romance in Twelve Parts	author	Lawrence Miles
A Romance in Twelve Parts	author	Stuart Douglas (writer)
In Praise of the Stepmother	author	Mario Vargas Llosa
Titanic (TV series)	author	Julian Fellowes
The Last Hunt (western novel)	author	Milton Lott
Srisitaramakelikaumudi	author	Jagadguru Rāmabhadrācārya
Rabbit Marcus the Great	author	Kęstutis Kasparavičius
Rabbit Marcus the Great  Kiškis Morkus Didysis Lithuanian Edition   1	author	Kęstutis Kasparavičius
The Missing Picture	author	Kęstutis Kasparavičius
The Missing Picture  Il quadro scomparso Italian edition   1	author	Kęstutis Kasparavičius
The Missing Picture  Das Verschwundene Bild German edition   1	author	Kęstutis Kasparavičius
The Missing Picture  Dingęs paveikslas Lithuanian edition   1	author	Kęstutis Kasparavičius
Shoot to Kill (1990 TV drama)	author	Michael Eaton
The Social Animal (David Brooks book)	author	David Brooks (journalist)‎
Den of Thieves (novel)	author	Julia Golding
Stars of Tomorrow	author	Ben Steel
Stars of Tomorrow	author	Lara Kuiperi
Stars of Tomorrow	author	Rodney Tromp
Stars of Tomorrow	author	Hildward Werleman
Cat O'Nine Tails (Julia Golding novel)	author	Julia Golding
The Next Hundred Million: America in 2050	author	Joel Kotkin
Economics Does Not Lie	author	Guy Sorman
Rat Girl	author	Kristin Hersh
Black Heart of Jamaica	author	Julia Golding
The Dragonfly Pool	author	Eva Ibbotson
Exit Wounds (comics)	author	Rutu Modan
Coronado: Stories	author	Dennis Lehane
Crispin: The End of Time	author	Avi (author)
Talon of the Silver Hawk	author	Raymond E. Feist
King of Foxes	author	Raymond E. Feist
N-sider	author	Fran Mirabella III
Earth Dreams	author	Janet Morris
Dream Dancer	author	Janet Morris
Cruiser Dreams	author	Janet Morris
Lazarus Rising: A Personal and Political Autobiography	author	John Howard
Sherlock Holmes and the Man from Hell	author	Barrie Roberts
High Couch of Silistra	author	Janet Morris
The Golden Sword	author	Janet Morris
Wind from the Abyss	author	Janet Morris
The Carnelian Throne	author	Janet Morris
Neoconservatism: Why We Need it	author	Douglas Murray (author)
Curious George Learns the Alphabet	author	H. A. Rey
Curious George Learns the Alphabet	author	Margret Rey
Where Do We Go from Here: Chaos or Community?	author	Martin Luther King, Jr.
Good Faith Collaboration	author	Joseph M. Reagle Jr.
Exile's Return	author	Raymond E. Feist
Gullstruck Island	author	Frances Hardinge
"V" Is for Vengeance	author	Sue Grafton
Mortal Kombat: Legacy	author	Kevin Tancharoen
Pity the Nation	author	Robert Fisk
Girls Who Like Boys Who Like Boys (book)	author	Melissa de la Cruz
Girls Who Like Boys Who Like Boys (book)	author	Tom Dolby
You Can Say You Knew Me When	author	K. M. Soehnlein
The Twilight Saga: The Official Illustrated Guide	author	Stephenie Meyer
Blackberry Wine	author	Joanne Harris
Darkness Before Dawn	author	Sharon Draper
The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate	author	Jacqueline Kelly
Mind Switch	author	Damon Knight
Azemia	author	William Thomas Beckford
The Story of Your Home	author	Agnes Allen
La Rue sans nom	author	Marcel Aymé
Mycelium Running	author	Paul Stamets
The Changelings (novel)	author	Jo Sinclair
Christmas Eve at Friday Harbor	author	Lisa Kleypas
The Drop (novel)	author	Michael Connelly
The Fox on the Fairway	author	Ken Ludwig
The Circle (Dekker novel)	author	Ted Dekker
Oru Desathinte Katha	author	S. K. Pottekkatt
Inclusion and Democracy	author	Iris Marion Young
People, States and Fear	author	Barry Buzan
Alcatraz Versus the Shattered Lens	author	Brandon Sanderson
The Motherfucker With the Hat	author	Stephen Adly Guirgis
Am I Blue (play)	author	Beth Henley
The Land of Painted Caves	author	Jean M. Auel
Vigilante Force (TV series)	author	Sit Ka Wah
Vigilante Force (TV series)	author	Tong Kin Ping
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society	author	Mary Ann Shaffer
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society	author	Annie Barrows
Madonna (book)	author	Andrew Morton (writer)
The Claverings	author	Anthony Trollope
Derek Fuller Wrigley	author	Derek Fuller Wrigley
The Maker of Universes	author	Philip José Farmer
Too Big to Fail (book)	author	Andrew Ross Sorkin
Song of Scarabaeus	author	Sara Creasy
Children of Scarabaeus	author	Sara Creasy
Cluny Brown (novel)	author	Margery Sharp
Scrivener's Moon	author	Philip Reeve
Heathers (musical)	author	Laurence O'Keefe (composer)
Heathers (musical)	author	Kevin Murphy (screenwriter)
The Best of Both Worlds (musical)	author	Randy Weiner
The Best of Both Worlds (musical)	author	Diane Paulus
Bugs Bunny on Broadway	author	George Daugherty
Threshold (1990 novel)	author	Janet Morris
Trust Territory (novel)	author	Janet Morris
The Stalk	author	Janet Morris
The Stalk	author	Chris Morris (author)
A Madea Christmas	author	Tyler Perry
What I Loved	author	Siri Hustvedt
Working With the Hands	author	Booker T. Washington
Eurovision: Your Country Needs Blue	author	Rob Colley
Bonaparte à Malte	author	Frans Sammut
An American Demon: A Memoir	author	Jack Grisham
Boom Bang-a-Bang: 50 Years of Eurovision	author	Colin Edmonds
Maisie Dobbs (novel)	author	Jacqueline Winspear
In Schools We Trust	author	Deborah Meier
The New Cool (book)	author	Neal Bascomb
Tara Sasankam	author	Kopparapu Subba Rao
Detroit (play)	author	Lisa D'Amour
Skip Beat! (TV series)	author	Yoshiki Nakamura
Honeymoon (novel)	author	James Patterson
Honeymoon (novel)	author	Howard Roughan
Emperor of All Maladies: A Biography of Cancer	author	Siddhartha Mukherjee
Tempus (novel)	author	Janet Morris
The Red Queen (Obernewtyn Chronicles)	author	Isobelle Carmody
Microsoft Safety Scanner	author	Microsoft
Rose Gardens and Minefields	author	Vivek Pereira
Banned for Life	author	Daryl Haney
Salah Asuhan	author	Abdul Muis
Subversia	author	Daryl Haney
The Lover's Dictionary	author	David Levithan
Golden Wings and Other Stories	author	William Morris
Love, Loss, and What I Wore	author	Nora Ephron
Love, Loss, and What I Wore	author	Delia Ephron
Love, Loss, and What I Wore	author	Ilene Beckerman
The Goat, the Sofa, and Mr. Swami	author	R. Chandrasekhar
Memoirs of a Dervish	author	Robert Irwin (writer)
The Strange Journey of Mr Daldry	author	Marc Levy
Upsurge	author	J. M. (John Mews) Harcourt
Dr. Fell, Detective, and Other Stories	author	John Dickson Carr
National Security Decision Directive 77	author	United States National Security Council
A Forest Hymn	author	William Cullen Bryant
Richard Carvel	author	Winston Churchill (novelist)
Kimia Khatoon (novel)	author	Saideh Ghods
The Origins of the Urban Crisis	author	Thomas Sugrue
Three Stages of Amazement (novel)	author	Carol Edgarian
The November Criminals	author	Sam Munson
Reckless (Gross novel)	author	Andrew Gross
God and Sex	author	Michael Coogan
The Color of Crime (New Century)	author	Jared Taylor
Harbour (novel)	author	John Ajvide Lindqvist
Scarlet and Black (TV series)	author	Stendhal
Scarlet and Black (TV series)	author	The Red and the Black
Scarlet and Black (TV series)	author	Stephen Lowe (playwright)
Pious (novel)	author	Kenn Bivins
Fever Crumb Series	author	Philip Reeve
Start-up Nation	author	Dan Senor
Start-up Nation	author	Saul Singer
Johnny Gone Down	author	Karan Bajaj
Wie die Schlesier Christen wurden, waren und sind: Ein Beitrag zur schlesischen Kulturgeschichte	author	Wolfgang Nastainczyk
The Potters Field	author	Andrea Camilleri
Stones into Schools	author	Greg Mortenson
Pan Am (TV series)	author	Jack Orman
The Next 100 Years	author	George Friedman
Dhammapada (Radhakrishnan translation)	author	Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan
The Half-Made World	author	Felix Gilman
Full Metal Jacket Diary	author	Matthew Modine
Dastoor	author	Dr. F.S. Shirani
The First Person and Other Stories	author	Ali Smith
Ring Around the Sun (novel)	author	Clifford D. Simak
Theodore Boone: The Abduction	author	John Grisham
Against Equality of Opportunity	author	Matt Cavanagh
Beyond the Frontier: Dreadnaught	author	John G. Hemry
The Next Decade (book)	author	George Friedman
Hadhrat Ahmad	author	Mirza Basheer-ud-Din Mahmood Ahmad
1635: The Tangled Web	author	Virginia DeMarce
God Makes the Rivers to Flow	author	Eknath Easwaran
Who Will Run the Frog Hospital?	author	Lorrie Moore
Jackals (1994)	author	Charles L. Grant
The Wind on the Moon	author	Eric Linklater
The Housing Boom and Bust	author	Thomas Sowell
Liebe zu Böhmen	author	Roderich Menzel
NAMA Mia!	author	Paul Howard (journalist)
The Man in the Dugout	author	Donald Honig
Pretty Little Liars (book)	author	Sara Shepard
1636: The Saxon Uprising	author	Eric Flint
Flawless (book)	author	Sara Shepard
Perfect (book)	author	Sara Shepard
Throne of a Thousand Years	author	Jacob Truedson Demitz
Tobacco-Stained Mountain Goat	author	Little Nobody
The Law of Nations	author	Emerich de Vattel
Verukal	author	Malayattoor Ramakrishnan
The Imperial Cruise	author	James Bradley (author)
Viddikalude Swargam	author	Vaikom Muhammad Basheer
GPGServices	author	GPGTools
Where's the Birth Certificate?	author	Jerome Corsi
Highest Duty: My Search for What Really Matters	author	Chesley Sullenberger
Highest Duty: My Search for What Really Matters	author	Jeffrey Zaslow
Three Upbuilding Discourses, 1844	author	Søren Kierkegaard
The People in the Picture	author	Iris Rainer Dart
Money and Power	author	William D. Cohan
A Taste of Blackberries	author	Doris Buchanan Smith
Growing Up bin Laden: Osama's Wife and Son Take Us Inside Their Secret World	author	Najwa bin Laden
Growing Up bin Laden: Osama's Wife and Son Take Us Inside Their Secret World	author	Omar bin Laden
Growing Up bin Laden: Osama's Wife and Son Take Us Inside Their Secret World	author	Jean Sasson
The Roots of the Mountains	author	William Morris
Secrets of Soho	author	Tim Arnold
Secrets of Soho	author	Lisa Dillon
Field Guide to the Birds of Australia (Simpson & Day)	author	Ken Simpson
The Thieves' Labyrinth	author	James McCreet
Gitaramayanam	author	Jagadguru Rāmabhadrācārya
Jog.fm	author	Blendist LLC
The Protest Psychosis: How Schizophrenia Became a Black Disease	author	Jonathan Metzl
Behzat Ç. Bir Ankara Polisiyesi	author	Emrah Serbes
Behzat Ç. Bir Ankara Polisiyesi	author	Ercan Mehmet Erdem
Srisitaramasuprabhatam	author	Jagadguru Rāmabhadrācārya
The Rithian Terror	author	Damon Knight
Atlas Coelestis	author	John Flamsteed
The Lords of Strategy	author	Walter Kiechel III
A Passion for Churches	author	John Betjeman
Images of Organization	author	Gareth Morgan (author)
The Gathering (Armstrong novel)	author	Kelley Armstrong
Good Morning, Holy Spirit	author	Benny Hinn
The World of Lucha Libre	author	Heather Levi
Andymon	author	Angela Steinmüller
Andymon	author	Karlheinz Steinmüller
The Slater Field Guide to Australian Birds	author	Peter Slater
Conan and the Mists of Doom	author	Roland Green
Mommy's Little Girl	author	Diane Fanning
The Comforters	author	Muriel Spark
Shadows Alive	author	Orson Scott Card
Wither (DeStefano novel)	author	Lauren DeStefano
Tales of Ordinary Madness (book)	author	Charles Bukowski
Erections, Ejaculations, Exhibitions, and General Tales of Ordinary Madness	author	Charles Bukowski
Breakfast with Buddha	author	Roland Merullo
Pawprints of Katrina	author	Cathy Scott
When China Rules the World: The End of the Western World and the Birth of a New Global Order	author	Martin Jacques
New Girl	author	Elizabeth Meriwether
Peregrina (soap opera)	author	Carlos Romero
Peregrina (soap opera)	author	Tere Medina
O Senhor da Chuva	author	Andre Vianco
Checking Out (play)	author	Allen Swift
Divine: The Series	author	Ivan Hayden
Divine: The Series	author	Kirk Jaques
Whitney (TV series)	author	Whitney Cummings
Dead Reckoning (novel)	author	Charlaine Harris
Go the Fuck to Sleep	author	Adam Mansbach
Z213: Exit	author	Dimitris Lyacos
2030 (novel)	author	Albert Brooks
Then They Came for Me	author	Maziar Bahari
Esowatch	author	Anonymous
The Playboy Club	author	Chad Hodge
Awake (TV series)	author	Kyle Killen
United We Stand (novel)	author	Eric Walters
Badai Pasti Berlalu (novel)	author	Marga T
Os Sete	author	Andre Vianco
Of Chameleons and Gods	author	Jack Mapanje
Arundhati (epic)	author	Jagadguru Rāmabhadrācārya
Good Christian Belles	author	Robert Harling (writer)
Last Man Standing (U.S. TV series)	author	Jack Burditt
Conan: Scourge of the Bloody Coast	author	Leonard Carpenter
Lucinda Pierce Mystery series	author	Diane Fanning
Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea (TV series)	author	Chelsea Handler
Historia de San Martín y de la emancipación sudamericana	author	Bartolomé Mitre
Bossypants	author	Tina Fey
Poor Murderer	author	Pavel Kohout
The Colossus of Maroussi	author	Henry Miller
Latin! or Tobacco and Boys	author	Stephen Fry
Hanazakari no Kimitachi e (2011 TV series)	author	Hisaya Nakajo
The Man from the USSR and Other Plays	author	Vladimir Nabokov
Withering Tights	author	Louise Rennison
Forest Born	author	Shannon Hale
The Final Testament of the Holy Bible	author	James Frey
Tiassa	author	Steven Brust
Zoo City	author	Lauren Beukes
Birth of a Killer (novel)	author	Darren Shan
Skulduggery Pleasant: Death Bringer	author	Derek Landy
God's Fool (novel)	author	Maarten Maartens
Ponni (novel)	author	Malayattoor Ramakrishnan
Allen Gregory	author	Jonah Hill
Allen Gregory	author	Andrew Mogel
Allen Gregory	author	Jarrad Paul
Spellbound (2003 novel)	author	Jane Green (author)
Suburgatory	author	Emily Kapnek
Revenge (TV series)	author	Mike Kelley (writer)
Failure in the Saddle: Nathan Bedford Forrest, Joseph Wheeler, and the Confederate Cavalry in the Chickamauga Campaign	author	David A. Powell
We Hold These Truths: The Hope of Monetary Reform	author	Richard C. Cook
How to Be a Gentleman	author	David Hornsby
How to Be a Gentleman	author	John Bridges
The River (U.S. TV series)	author	Oren Peli
The River (U.S. TV series)	author	Michael R. Perry
The River (U.S. TV series)	author	Michael Green (writer)
Timeless (Monir novel)	author	Alexandra Monir
Move Under Ground	author	Nick Mamatas
The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood	author	James Gleick
No Talking	author	Andrew Clements
Extra Credit	author	Andrew Clements
Young Sherlock Holmes: Black Ice	author	Andy Lane
Teaching As Leadership	author	Teach For America
Reality Hunger: A Manifesto	author	David Shields
The Sweetheart of the Templar From the Valley of Rephaim	author	Gad Shimron
Man Up (TV series)	author	Christopher Moynihan
Five Modern Noh Plays	author	Yukio Mishima
The Firm (U.S. TV series)	author	Peter Noah
The Firm (U.S. TV series)	author	David Feige
Herzl (play)	author	Dore Schary
Herzl (play)	author	Amos Elon
The Last One Left	author	John D. MacDonald
Illusions (Pike novel)	author	Aprilynne Pike
Why do People Sing? Music in Human Evolution	author	Joseph Jordania
Ahead of Time	author	Henry Kuttner
Los Trabajos de Persiles y Sigismunda	author	Miguel de Cervantes
The Quest for Christa T.	author	Christa Wolf
Vek Perevoda	author	Eugen V. Witkowsky
George's Cosmic Treasure Hunt	author	Lucy Hawking
George's Cosmic Treasure Hunt	author	Stephen Hawking
Als die Götter starben	author	Günther Krupkat
Nabou	author	Günther Krupkat
A Rare Benedictine: The Advent of Brother Cadfael	author	Edith Pargeter
My Name Is Anne, She Said, Anne Frank	author	Jacqueline van Maarsen
Two Little Girls in Blue	author	Fred Jackson
Troll Blood	author	Katherine Langrish
Rule 34 (novel)	author	Charles Stross
1001 Children's Books You Must Read Before You Grow Up	author	Julia Eccleshare
The Dream Songs	author	John Berryman
Physics of the Future	author	Michio Kaku
Kavak Yelleri	author	Yiğit Güralp
Kavak Yelleri	author	Yılmaz Şahin
Kavak Yelleri	author	Pınar Ordu
Kavak Yelleri	author	Nükhet Bıçakçı
Kavak Yelleri	author	Gökhan Horzum
Kavak Yelleri	author	Erkan Birgören
Eclipse (Banville novel)	author	John Banville
Transformers: Dark of the Moon: The Junior Novel	author	Michael Kelly
Berge Meere und Giganten	author	Alfred Döblin
Clockwork Angel (novel)	author	Cassandra Clare
The Primordial Emotions: The Dawning of Consciousness	author	Derek Denton
Shooting History	author	Jon Snow
The Traitor's Emblem	author	Juan Gómez-Jurado
Sétimo	author	Andre Vianco
The Mathematical Magpie	author	Clifton Fadiman
Savage Love: Straight Answers from America's Most Popular Sex Columnist	author	Dan Savage
The Second Corps of Discovery: 1811 Journal of the Jackson and Clark Expeditionary Force	author	Francis Scott Key
Cycles of Time (book)	author	Roger Penrose
Rachel Ray (novel)	author	Anthony Trollope
The Moses Expedition	author	Juan Gómez-Jurado
Angels and Spaceships	author	Fredric Brown
Line to Tomorrow	author	Lewis Padgett
Jon Benjamin Has a Van	author	H. Jon Benjamin
Jon Benjamin Has a Van	author	Leo Allen
If Women Counted	author	Marilyn Waring
The Odyssey of an Otter	author	Rutherford George Montgomery
The Kid: What Happened After My Boyfriend and I Decided to Go Get Pregnant	author	Dan Savage
Chronicles of Courage: Very Special Artists	author	Jean Kennedy Smith
Paul Merton's Birth of Hollywood	author	Paul Merton
Paul Merton's Birth of Hollywood	author	Suki Webster
Kafka's Soup	author	Mark Crick
Shui Hu Zhuan (1983 TV series)	author	Shi Nai'an
Among the Truthers	author	Jonathan Kay
The King's General	author	Daphne du Maurier
Is Geography Destiny? Lessons from Latin America	author	John Luke Gallup
Is Geography Destiny? Lessons from Latin America	author	Alejandro Gaviria
Is Geography Destiny? Lessons from Latin America	author	Eduardo Lora
Is Geography Destiny? Lessons from Latin America	author	Inter-American Development Bank
The Commitment: Love, Sex, Marriage, and My Family	author	Dan Savage
Her First Roman	author	Ervin Drake
Sartre's Sink	author	Mark Crick
Of All Possible Worlds	author	William Tenn
The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms	author	N. K. Jemisin
It Gets Better: Coming Out, Overcoming Bullying, and Creating a Life Worth Living	author	Dan Savage
Against All Enemies (novel)	author	Tom Clancy
Against All Enemies (novel)	author	Peter Telep
Fil and Filippa: Story of Child Life in the Philippines	author	John Stuart Thomson
Indigenous Peoples in International Law	author	James Anaya
Mantissa (novel)	author	John Fowles
Who Goes There? and Other Stories	author	John W. Campbell
Alexander Armstrong's Big Ask	author	Dan Gaster
Alexander Armstrong's Big Ask	author	Will Ing
Alexander Armstrong's Big Ask	author	Paul Powell
1635: The Eastern Front	author	Eric Flint
Machine of Death	author	Ryan North
Machine of Death	author	Matthew Bennardo
Machine of Death	author	Wondermark
Nínay	author	Pedro A. Paterno
The Science of Mind	author	Ernest Holmes
Reacts	author	José Luis Sampedro
Reacts	author	Baltasar Garzón
Reacts	author	Federico Mayor Zaragoza
Reacts	author	Lourdes Lucía
WebRTC	author	Global IP Solutions
Dreams of Joy	author	Lisa See
Left Foot Forward	author	Jack Straw
The Fold (novel)	author	An Na
The Perfect Match	author	Mike Bullen
The Great Lover (novel)	author	Jill Dawson
The Titans (novel)	author	John Jakes
The Warriors (Jakes novel)	author	John Jakes
The Lawless (novel)	author	John Jakes
The Americans (novel)	author	John Jakes
The Steerswoman	author	Rosemary Kirstein
The Man Behind the Plough	author	Azizul Haque (educator)
Arsenio (TV series)	author	David S. Rosenthal
The Broken Kingdoms	author	N. K. Jemisin
The European Security Order Recast: Scenarios for the Post-Cold War Era	author	Barry Buzan
The European Security Order Recast: Scenarios for the Post-Cold War Era	author	Morten Kelstrup
The European Security Order Recast: Scenarios for the Post-Cold War Era	author	Pierre Lemaitre
The European Security Order Recast: Scenarios for the Post-Cold War Era	author	Elzbieta Tromer
The European Security Order Recast: Scenarios for the Post-Cold War Era	author	Ole Wæver
The Life of Arseniev	author	Ivan Bunin
Ocean of Blood	author	Darren Shan
Getting Away with Murder (play)	author	Stephen Sondheim
Getting Away with Murder (play)	author	George Furth
Red Cap (book)	author	G. Clifton Wisler
Mga Anak-Bukid	author	Rosauro Almario
Miscellaneous Babylonian Inscriptions	author	George Aaron Barton
Aunt Louisa's Nursery Favourite	author	Laura Valentine
How to Fail: The Self-Hurt Guide	author	Aaron Goldfarb
May Pagsinta'y Walang Puso	author	Iñigo Ed. Regalado
Sampagitang Walang Bango	author	Iñigo Ed. Regalado
Stops of Various Quills	author	William Dean Howells
The Wake of the Lorelei Lee	author	L.A. Meyer
King's Wrath	author	Fiona McIntosh
Aunt Louisa's Bible Picture Book	author	Laura Valentine
The Oakdale Affair and The Rider	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Scott & Bailey	author	Sally Wainwright
Small Changes	author	Hal Clement
Dolly ki Ayegi Baraat	author	Bushra Ansari
From Eternity to Here	author	Sean M. Carroll
Here and Now (1992 TV series)	author	Marco Pennette
Here and Now (1992 TV series)	author	Don Siegel
Young Samurai: The Way of the Dragon	author	Chris Bradford
The Greater Journey (book)	author	David McCullough
Robopocalypse	author	Daniel H. Wilson
The Oakdale Affair	author	Edgar Rice Burroughs
Love, Heartache and Other Stories	author	Cristian Hernandez Gonzalez
The American Flag: Two Centuries of Concord & Conflict (book)	author	Howard Michael Madaus & Whitney Smith
Scott-King's Modern Europe	author	Evelyn Waugh
Demonic: How the Liberal Mob Is Endangering America	author	Ann Coulter
List of Jiggy McCue books	author	Michael Lawrence (writer)
List of Jiggy McCue books  The Killer Underpants   1	author	Michael Lawrence (writer)
List of Jiggy McCue books  The Toilet of Doom   1	author	Michael Lawrence (writer)
List of Jiggy McCue books  The Meanest Genie   1	author	Michael Lawrence (writer)
List of Jiggy McCue books  The Snottle   1	author	Michael Lawrence (writer)
List of Jiggy McCue books  Nudie Dudie   1	author	Michael Lawrence (writer)
List of Jiggy McCue books  Neville the Devil   1	author	Michael Lawrence (writer)
List of Jiggy McCue books  Ryan's Brain   1	author	Michael Lawrence (writer)
List of Jiggy McCue books  The Iron, the Switch, and the Broom Cupboard   1	author	Michael Lawrence (writer)
List of Jiggy McCue books  Kid Swap   1	author	Michael Lawrence (writer)
List of Jiggy McCue books  One for All and All for Lunch!   1	author	Michael Lawrence (writer)
Na'ima B. Robert	author	Na'ima B. Robert
The Revolution Will Not Be Microwaved	author	Sandor Katz
Starburst (Alfred Bester)	author	Alfred Bester
Hunger (2010 novel)	author	Jackie Kessler
On an Odd Note	author	Gerald Kersh
Primetime Propaganda: The True Hollywood Story of How the Left Took Over Your TV	author	Ben Shapiro
Rage (2011 novel)	author	Jackie Kessler
Seesaw (novel)	author	Deborah Moggach
You Don't Know Me (novel)	author	David Klass
Sabbatical: A Romance	author	John Barth
Big Nate: In a Class by Himself	author	Lincoln Peirce
When The Going Was Good	author	Evelyn Waugh
No Time Like Tomorrow	author	Brian Aldiss
Case Histories (TV series)	author	Peter Harness
A Matter of Death and Life	author	Andrey Kurkov
Pinaglahuan	author	Faustino Aguilar
Ang Mestisa	author	Engracio L. Valmonte
Ang Mestisa  ng Mestisa Ikalawang Bahagi   1	author	Engracio L. Valmonte
Busabos ng Palad	author	Faustino Aguilar
Liar (novel)	author	Justine Larbalestier
Dungeon Master's Kit	author	James Wyatt (game designer)
Too Much Money	author	Dominick Dunne
The Empire of the Angels	author	Bernard Werber
Missing (U.S. TV series)	author	Gregory Poirier
Missing (U.S. TV series)	author	Paul Redford
Jirel of Joiry (collection)	author	C. L. Moore
The Dream Master (German novel)	author	Angela Steinmüller
The Dream Master (German novel)	author	Karlheinz Steinmüller
Boy Kills Man	author	Matt Whyman
Understanding Pediatric Heart Sounds	author	Steven Lehrer
Pertemuan Jodoh	author	Abdul Muis
The Last Hurrah of the Golden Horde	author	Norman Spinrad
Limelight: The Story of Charlie Chaplin	author	Thomas Meehan (writer)
Afterlife (novel)	author	Claudia Gray
Sa Ngalan ng Diyos	author	Faustino Aguilar
Understanding Lung Sounds	author	Steven Lehrer
Norcroft C compiler	author	Acorn Computers
The House That Had Enough	author	P.E King
White Cat (book)	author	Holly Black
Red Glove (book)	author	Holly Black
Wannsee House and the Holocaust	author	Steven Lehrer
Lady Sings the Blues (book)	author	Billie Holiday
Lady Sings the Blues (book)	author	William Dufty
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Cabin Fever	author	Jeff Kinney (writer)
Always Hiding	author	Sophia Romero
The Blood Book	author	Ted Dekker
Zip Goes a Million	author	Eric Maschwitz
The Cube Root of Uncertainty	author	Robert Silverberg
Operation Ares	author	Gene Wolfe
Charcuterie: The Craft of Salting, Smoking and Curing	author	Michael Ruhlman
Charcuterie: The Craft of Salting, Smoking and Curing	author	Brian Polcyn
Chronopolis and Other Stories	author	J. G. Ballard
The Whole Beast: Nose to Tail Eating	author	Fergus Henderson
Passion: An Essay on Personality	author	Roberto Mangabeira Unger
New Dimensions 1	author	Robert Silverberg
In the Pocket: And Other SF Stories	author	Barry N. Malzberg
The Remarkable Exploits of Lancelot Biggs, Spaceman	author	Nelson S. Bond
Night Work (book)	author	Thomas Glavinic
River of Smoke	author	Amitav Ghosh
Ang Singsing ng Dalagang Marmol	author	Isabelo de los Reyes
Ang Anak ng Dumalaga	author	Iñigo Ed. Regalado
Web Therapy	author	Lisa Kudrow
Web Therapy	author	Don Roos
Ang Huling Pagluha	author	Iñigo Ed. Regalado
With a Little Help	author	Cory Doctorow
Madaling Araw	author	Iñigo Ed. Regalado
The Metallic Muse	author	Lloyd Biggle, Jr.
Kamen Rider Fourze	author	Kazuki Nakashima
Luha ng Babae	author	Mamerto A. Hilario
Crash Proof: How to Profit From the Coming Economic Collapse	author	Peter Schiff
How an Economy Grows and Why it Crashes	author	Peter Schiff
Sex, Sin, and Zen	author	Brad Warner
Basic Mechanics of Islamic Capitalism	author	Lord Edwin Hitti
Willy Nilly	author	Ken Duncum
Willy Nilly	author	Mike Smith (director)
Willy Nilly	author	Cal Wilson
Willy Nilly	author	Paul Yates
A Gnome There Was	author	Lewis Padgett
A Gnome There Was	author	C. L. Moore
The Sons of Avalon Saga	author	Dee Marie
Juan Masili: Ang Pinuno ng Tulisan	author	Patricio Mariano
Feed (Grant novel)	author	Seanan McGuire
Ang Tala sa Panghulo	author	Patricio Mariano
The final seventy years of Qing Dynasty	author	Tong Tekong
AgoraVox	author	Carlo Revelli
Assassin's Creed: The Secret Crusade	author	Oliver Bowden
Carl Haffner's Love of the Draw	author	Thomas Glavinic
So Long, See You Tomorrow	author	William Keepers Maxwell, Jr.
Ipaghiganti Mo Ako...!	author	Precioso Palma
The withering Empire: Final ten years of Qing Dynasty	author	Jin Manluo
Mercury: The Afterlife and Times of a Rock God	author	Charles Messina
Ang Tundo Man May Langit Din	author	Andres Cristobal Cruz
The bone collector (book)	author	Jeffery Deaver
Little Brown Bushrat	author	Georgie Ripper
Zulu Hart	author	Saul David
Canal de la Reina	author	Liwayway Arceo
Princess of Glass	author	Jessica Day George
The Human Angle	author	William Tenn
Overcoming Life's Disappointments	author	Harold Kushner
That Deadman Dance	author	Kim Scott
Dry Valley (Ivan Bunin novel)	author	Ivan Bunin
Money (play)	author	Edward Bulwer-Lytton, 1st Baron Lytton
Micro (novel)	author	Michael Crichton
Micro (novel)	author	Richard Preston
Anino ng Kahapon	author	Francisco Laksamana
False Impression	author	Jeffrey Archer
Dangerous Games: faces, incidents and casualties of the Cold War	author	Scott Baron
I Hope Like Heck	author	Sarah Palin
I Hope Like Heck	author	Michael Solomon (editor)
Ang mga Anak Dalita	author	Patricio Mariano
Maganda pa ang Daigdig	author	Lazaro Francisco
Daluyong	author	Lazaro Francisco
Sugat ng Alaala	author	Lazaro Francisco
Tianxia Diyi	author	Wong Jing
Hobgoblin (TV series)	author	Michael Chabon
Hobgoblin (TV series)	author	Ayelet Waldman
The Empty Envelope	author	Ron Roy
Our South African Birds	author	Austin Roberts
Hitler Sites	author	Steven Lehrer
Alfred and Emily	author	Doris Lessing
The Sweetest Dream	author	Doris Lessing
Glaring Through Oblivion	author	Serj Tankian
The Stars in the Bright Sky	author	Alan Warner
Celebrity Autobiography: In Their Own Words (play)	author	Eugene Pack
Edward Scissorhands (dance)	author	Matthew Bourne
Frontier - Prelude to Darkness	author	Lewis Roscoe
Labor Day (novel)	author	Joyce Maynard
Van de koele meren des doods	author	Frederik van Eeden
Sementes no Gelo	author	Andre Vianco
The Paperboy (novel)	author	Pete Dexter
The Reich Chancellery and Führerbunker Complex	author	Steven Lehrer
Leonardo (TV series)	author	Dan Danko
Leonardo (TV series)	author	Tom Mason
As Cool As I Am	author	Pete Fromm
The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making	author	Catherynne M. Valente
The Brink (TV series)	author	Stephen Susco
On Social Freedom	author	John Stuart Mill
Poor Economics	author	Abhijit Banerjee
Poor Economics	author	Esther Duflo
A Secret Life (book)	author	Charles Lachman
Fallen (Slaughter novel)	author	Karin Slaughter
Next What's In	author	Santosh Sharma
Impro: Improvisation and the Theatre	author	Keith Johnston
Robots and Changelings	author	Lester del Rey
Titser	author	Liwayway Arceo
The Hour (drama series)	author	Abi Morgan
The Fault in Our Stars (book)	author	John Green (author)
Out of This World (Leinster book)	author	Murray Leinster
How Soon Is Never	author	Marc Spitz
Columbia & Britannia	author	Adam Chamberlain
Columbia & Britannia	author	Brian A. Dixon
And the Land Lay Still	author	James Robertson (novelist and poet)
My Driver	author	Maggie Gee
The Astounding Science Fiction Anthology	author	John W. Campbell
Ang Lihim ng Isang Pulo	author	Faustino Aguilar
Voyeurs & Savages	author	Alfred Yuson
My Sad Republic	author	Eric Gamalinda
Of Whom the World was Not Worthy	author	Marie Chapian
Tanha (TV series)	author	Haseena Moin
No Moon Tonight	author	Don Charlwood
Fireflood and Other Stories	author	Vonda N. McIntyre
Incognito: The Secret Lives of the Brain	author	David Eagleman
Radium, and other radioactive substances	author	William Joseph Hammer
First Lady of the World	author	Robert Muller
Mitya's Love	author	Ivan Bunin
Aaina-e-ghazal	author	Zarina Sani
Mehmoodabad Ki Malkain	author	Zoha Hasan
The Hate List	author	Jennifer Brown (author)
Michael, Tuesdays and Thursdays	author	Bob Martin (comedian)
Michael, Tuesdays and Thursdays	author	Matt Watts (comedian)
Michael, Tuesdays and Thursdays	author	Susan Coyne
Michael, Tuesdays and Thursdays	author	Mark McKinney
Michael, Tuesdays and Thursdays	author	Katie Ford (screenwriter)
Made to Crave: Satisfying Your Deepest Desire with God, Not Food	author	Lysa TerKeurst
Castle Richmond	author	Anthony Trollope
Red Kayak	author	Priscilla Cummings
World of Wonder (anthology)	author	Fletcher Pratt
Actual air	author	David Berman (musician)
The HAB Theory	author	Allan W. Eckert
Double Dexter	author	Jeff Lindsay (writer)
Our Culture, What's Left of It: The Mandarins and the Masses	author	Theodore Dalrymple
Sleep No More (2011 theatrical production)	author	Punchdrunk
Pools of Darkness (novel)	author	Jim Ward (game designer)
Öyle Bir Geçer Zaman Ki	author	Coşkun Irmak
Solstice Wood	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Harimau! Harimau!	author	Mochtar Lubis
Children of Wonder	author	William Tenn
Walking on Cinders	author	Ben Atkinson
Jalan Tak Ada Ujung	author	Mochtar Lubis
Senja di Jakarta	author	Mochtar Lubis
Homo sapiens (novel)	author	Stanisław Przybyszewski
Suburbia (book)	author	Bill Owens (photographer)
Battleground Telangana: Chronicle of an Agitation	author	Kingshuk Nag
Get a Load of This (book)	author	James Hadley Chase
Dusty Answer	author	Rosamond Lehmann
Report of the Secretary-General's Panel of Experts on Accountability in Sri Lanka	author	Sri Lanka
Jordens Herrar	author	Pelle Strindlund
Science-Fiction Adventures in Dimension	author	Groff Conklin
The Age of Responsibility: CSR 2.0 and the New DNA of Business	author	Wayne Visser
The Masters (novel)	author	C. P. Snow
Legion of the Dead	author	Justin Richards
Shadow Beast	author	Justin Richards
Faces of Evil (Justin Richards novel)	author	Justin Richards
Richard Temple (novel)	author	Patrick O'Brian
The Tower at Stony Wood	author	Patricia A. McKillip
Ring of Fire III	author	Eric Flint
Get Rich Click	author	Marc Ostrofsky
Cursed Days	author	Ivan Bunin
This Is Water	author	David Foster Wallace
Looking Forward (anthology)	author	Stephen Marlowe
A Beautiful Friendship (novel)	author	David Weber
Finn the Half-Great	author	Theo Caldwell
SP FX: The Empire Strikes Back	author	Richard Schickel
From Star Wars to Jedi: The Making of a Saga	author	Richard Schickel
The Authentic Life of Billy, the Kid	author	Pat Garrett
The Authentic Life of Billy, the Kid	author	Ghostwriter
The Young Acrobat	author	Horatio Alger, Jr.
Shifting for Himself	author	Horatio Alger, Jr.
Traction City (novella)	author	Philip Reeve
In The Garden of Beasts: Love, Terror, and An American Family in Hitler's Berlin	author	Erik Larson (author)
The New Improved Sun	author	Thomas M. Disch
Fighters from Mars	author	Unknown author
Kanakatara	author	Chandala Kesavadasu
Charlie Codman's Cruise	author	Horatio Alger, Jr.
A Song for Lya	author	George R. R. Martin
The Infinity Box	author	Kate Wilhelm
Asylum (novel)	author	Patrick McGrath (novelist)
Blood & Thunder: The Life & Art of Robert E. Howard	author	Mark Finn
An Evening of Long Goodbyes	author	Paul Murray (author)
Brave and Bold (Alger novel)	author	Horatio Alger, Jr.
Powers (FX TV series)	author	Charles H. Eglee
The Promise: President Obama, Year One	author	Jonathan Alter
Vertical (novel)	author	Rex Pickett
The Bourne Dominion	author	Robert Ludlum
The Bourne Dominion	author	Eric Van Lustbader
Christianity - A Journey from Facts to Fiction	author	Mirza Tahir Ahmad
The Bippolo Seed and Other Lost Stories	author	Dr. Seuss
Yeh Zindagi Ka Khel	author	Haseena Moin
The Pugilist's Wife	author	David Armand (author)
Ben the Luggage Boy	author	Horatio Alger, Jr.
Destination: Universe!	author	A. E. van Vogt
Usha Parinayam	author	Vedam Venkataraya Sastry
Fame and Fortune (Alger novel)	author	Horatio Alger, Jr.
My Wicked, Wicked Ways	author	Errol Flynn
My Wicked, Wicked Ways	author	Earl Conrad
Husbands (Web series)	author	Jane Espenson
The Enterprise of Law	author	Bruce L. Benson
Vara Vikrayam	author	Kallakoori Narayana Rao
Recollections of a Bleeding Heart: A Portrait of Paul Keating PM	author	Don Watson
Unfinished Business: Paul Keating's interrupted revolution	author	David Love
Black Mamba Boy	author	Nadifa Mohamed
Mark the Match Boy	author	Horatio Alger, Jr.
5 Very Good Reasons To Punch A Dolphin In The Mouth	author	The Oatmeal
Rough and Ready (Alger novel)	author	Horatio Alger, Jr.
Suicide (novel)	author	Edouard Levé
Rufus and Rose	author	Horatio Alger, Jr.
The Closing of the Western Mind	author	Charles Freeman (historian)
The Western Boy	author	Horatio Alger, Jr.
The Petrified Planet	author	Fletcher Pratt
Sugartown (TV series)	author	Sally Dexter
Conan the Barbarian (2011 collection)	author	Robert E. Howard
Conan the Barbarian (2011 novel)	author	Michael A. Stackpole
Timothy Crump's Ward	author	Horatio Alger, Jr.
Touchstone (Novel)	author	Melanie Rawn
Helen Ford	author	Horatio Alger, Jr.
The Art of Nijinsky	author	Geoffrey Whitworth
Marie Bertrand	author	Horatio Alger, Jr.
On Canaan's Side	author	Sebastian Barry
Trollied	author	Julie Rutterford
Trollied	author	Chris Haywood
Trollied	author	Chris Haywood
Men, Microscopes, and Living Things	author	Katherine Shippen
@earth	author	Peter Kennard
@earth	author	Tarek Salhany
Wait and Hope	author	Horatio Alger, Jr.
Everlasting (Novel)	author	Alyson Noël
