Columbia Business School	dean	Glenn Hubbard (economist)
King's College London School of Medicine and Dentistry	dean	Professor
William E. Simon Graduate School of Business Administration	dean	Mark Zupan (academic)
McGill University Faculty of Law	dean	Daniel Jutras
Sydney Conservatorium of Music	dean	Kim Walker (bassoonist)
MIT Sloan School of Management	dean	David Schmittlein
INSEAD	dean	Dipak C. Jain
Carnegie Institute of Technology	dean	Pradeep Khosla
Albert Einstein College of Medicine	dean	Doctor of Medicine
John F. Kennedy School of Government	dean	David T. Ellwood
Haas School of Business	dean	Richard Lyons (Dean of Haas School of Business)
University of California, Berkeley College of Engineering	dean	S. Shankar Sastry
Osgoode Hall Law School	dean	Lorne Sossin
St. John's College (United States)	dean	Annapolis, Maryland
St. John's College (United States)	dean	Santa Fe, New Mexico
Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service	dean	Carol Lancaster
United States Merchant Marine Academy	dean	Shashikumar
University of Wisconsin–Barron County	dean	Paul Chase (educator)
USC Viterbi School of Engineering	dean	Yannis C. Yortsos
Trinity College, Hartford	dean	Rena Fraden
The Pennsylvania State University — Dickinson School of Law	dean	Philip McConnaughay
London Business School	dean	Andrew Likierman
School of Pharmacy, University of London	dean	Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain
ESCP Europe	dean	Pascal Morand
Cornell University College of Human Ecology	dean	Alan Mathios
Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations	dean	Harry C. Katz
Cornell University College of Agriculture and Life Sciences	dean	Kathryn J. Boor
Georgetown University Law Center	dean	William Treanor
Cornell University College of Veterinary Medicine	dean	Michael Kotlikoff
Rotman School of Management	dean	Roger Martin
Cumberland School of Law	dean	John L. Carroll
Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs	dean	James Steinberg
Alpert Medical School	dean	Edward J. Wing MD
Gallatin School of Individualized Study	dean	Susanne Wofford
Indian Institute of Planning and Management	dean	Arindam Chaudhuri
UC Davis Graduate School of Management	dean	Steven C. Currall
Northern Ontario School of Medicine	dean	Roger Strasser
Glendon College	dean	Kenneth McRoberts
Peabody College	dean	Camilla Benbow
Brooklyn Law School	dean	Michael A. Gerber
Darden Graduate School of Business Administration	dean	Robert Bruner
Harvard Divinity School	dean	William A. Graham
Ponce School of Medicine	dean	Joxel García
Cornell University College of Arts and Sciences	dean	G. Peter Lepage
University of Michigan Law School	dean	Evan Caminker
Clinton School of Public Service	dean	James "Skip" Rutherford III
University of Minnesota Law School	dean	David Wippman
Krannert School of Management	dean	Gerald J. Lynch
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences	dean	Allan M. Brandt
Aalto University School of Art and Design	dean	Helena Hyvönen
Roosevelt Academy	dean	Hans Adriaansens
Indiana University School of Law – Indianapolis	dean	Gary R. Roberts
College of Environmental Design, UC Berkeley	dean	Jennifer Wolch
Vesalius College	dean	Bert Mosselmans
Harvard School of Public Health	dean	Julio Frenk
Harvard Graduate School of Design	dean	Mohsen Mostafavi
Harvard Graduate School of Education	dean	Kathleen McCartney (dean)
McIntire School of Commerce	dean	Carl P. Zeithaml
University of Connecticut School of Law	dean	Jeremy R. Paul
New York University School of Medicine	dean	Robert I. Grossman
Weill Cornell Medical College of Cornell University	dean	Antonio Gotto
University College Utrecht	dean	Rob van der Vaart
Carlson School of Management	dean	Alison Davis-Blake
Johnson Graduate School of Management	dean	L. Joseph Thomas
Ateneo Graduate School of Business	dean	Alberto L. Buenviaje
University of Virginia School of Law	dean	Paul Mahoney
Ateneo Law School	dean	Cesar L. Villanueva
Cornell University School of Hotel Administration	dean	Michael D. Johnson
Kogod School of Business	dean	Richard M. Durand
Keck School of Medicine of USC	dean	Carmen A. Puliafito
School of International Service	dean	Louis W. Goodman
Heller School for Social Policy and Management	dean	Lisa M. Lynch
Westminster Choir College	dean	Robert L. Annis
Indian School of Business	dean	Ajit Rangnekar
George Washington University Law School	dean	Paul Schiff Berman
University of Puerto Rico School of Medicine	dean	Physician
University of Puerto Rico School of Medicine	dean	Doctor of Philosophy
Johns Hopkins School of Medicine	dean	Edward D. Miller
McCombs School of Business	dean	Thomas W. Gilligan
Watson School of Biological Sciences	dean	Leemor Joshua-Tor
Temple University Beasley School of Law	dean	Joanne A. Epps
USC Marshall School of Business	dean	James G. Ellis
AFI Conservatory	dean	Robert Mandel
University of Michigan School of Music, Theatre & Dance	dean	Christopher Kendall
Washington College of Law	dean	Claudio Grossman
Rotterdam School of Management	dean	George Yip
University of Michigan College of Engineering	dean	David C. Munson, Jr.
W. P. Carey School of Business	dean	Robert E. Mittelstaedt
University of Maine School of Law	dean	Peter Pitegoff
University of Wisconsin Law School	dean	Margaret Raymond
Cornell University Graduate School	dean	Barbara Knuth
Hull York Medical School	dean	Professor
Stanford University School of Education	dean	Deborah J. Stipek
Georgetown University School of Foreign Service in Qatar	dean	Gerd Nonneman
Cambridge Judge Business School	dean	Geoff Meeks
Florida State University College of Law	dean	Donald J. Weidner
University of California, Berkeley Graduate School of Education	dean	Judith Warren Little
Tufts University School of Dental Medicine	dean	Dental degree
University of Michigan College of Literature, Science, and the Arts	dean	Terrence J. McDonald
University of Michigan Health System	dean	James O. Woolliscroft
Jesuit School of Theology of Santa Clara University	dean	Society of Jesus
Sauder School of Business	dean	Daniel F. Muzyka
University of California, Berkeley School of Information	dean	AnnaLee Saxenian
Hong Kong Shue Yan University	dean	Khaw Sze Seng
James E. Rogers College of Law	dean	Lawrence Ponoroff
Ohio State University, Lima Campus	dean	John Snyder, OSU
Ohio State University, Mansfield Campus	dean	Evelyn Freeman
Ohio State University, Marion Campus	dean	Gregory G. Rose
Ohio State University, Newark Campus	dean	William L. MacDonald
UCL Medical School	dean	Professor
IAE Universidad Austral	dean	Marcelo Paladino
SDA Bocconi School of Management	dean	Alberto Grando
William & Mary School of Law	dean	Davison M. Douglas
Mount Sinai School of Medicine	dean	Dennis S. Charney
Monash University, Parkville campus	dean	Bill Charman
Interdisciplinary Center	dean	Uriel Reichman
West Florida High School of Advanced Technology	dean	Pensacola, Florida
Hofstra University School of Law	dean	Nora Demleitner
Faculty of Medicine Siriraj Hospital, Mahidol University	dean	Doctor of Medicine
H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center & Research Institute	dean	William S. Dalton
Yale School of Architecture	dean	Robert A. M. Stern
Schulich School of Medicine & Dentistry	dean	Doctor of Medicine
Schulich School of Medicine & Dentistry	dean	Royal College of Physicians
Schulich School of Medicine & Dentistry	dean	FANN
Schulich School of Medicine & Dentistry	dean	FCAHS
Warrington College of Business Administration	dean	John Kraft (academic)
Max M. Fisher College of Business	dean	Christine Poon
Marriott School of Management	dean	Gary C. Cornia
Sprott School of Business	dean	Jerry Tomberlin
Vanderbilt University School of Nursing	dean	Colleen Conway-Welch
University of Chicago Divinity School	dean	Margaret M. Mitchell
Taubman College of Architecture and Urban Planning	dean	Monica Ponce de Leon
Charleston School of Law	dean	Andrew L. Abrams
UCL Faculty of Laws	dean	Hazel Genn
Seton Hall University School of Law	dean	Patrick E. Hobbs
University of Texas School of Law	dean	Lawrence Sager
University of Virginia College of Arts and Sciences	dean	Meredith Jung-En Woo
Monash University Faculty of Law	dean	Arie Freiberg, AM
Grace Theological Seminary	dean	Jeffrey A. Gill
University College Maastricht	dean	Harm J. Hospers
University of Washington School of Public Health	dean	Howard Frumkin
University of Michigan School of Information	dean	Jeff Mackie-Mason
Chapman University School of Law	dean	Tom Campbell (California politician)
Leeds School of Medicine	dean	Professor
Henry W. Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communication	dean	E. Culpepper Clark
Leicester Medical School	dean	Professor
Energy and Environmental Security Initiative (EESI)	dean	David Getches
Warwick Medical School	dean	Professor
Elliott School of International Affairs	dean	Michael E. Brown (international affairs professor)
Robert H. Smith School of Business	dean	G. "Anand" Anandalingam
Rice University School of Architecture	dean	Sarah Whiting
Marquette University Law School	dean	Joseph D. Kearney
University of Aberdeen School of Medicine	dean	Professor
University of Aberdeen School of Medicine	dean	Doctor of Medicine
University of Aberdeen School of Medicine	dean	Royal College of Pathologists
University of Aberdeen School of Medicine	dean	Royal College of Physicians
University of Aberdeen School of Medicine	dean	Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh
University of Aberdeen School of Medicine	dean	Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow
Yale School of Forestry & Environmental Studies	dean	Peter Crane
College of the University of Chicago	dean	John W. Boyer
University of Virginia School of Medicine	dean	Steven T. DeKosky
Hebrew Academy of Cleveland	dean	Nachum Zev Dessler
Southampton Medical School	dean	Professor
American College of Management and Technology	dean	Don Hudspeth
Weinberg College of Arts and Sciences	dean	Sarah Mangelsdorf
Valparaiso University School of Law	dean	Jay Conison
University of Cincinnati – College-Conservatory of Music	dean	Peter Landgren
Vanderbilt University College of Arts and Science	dean	Carolyn Dever
University of Alberta School of Business	dean	Mike Percy (politician)
University of London International Programmes	dean	Jonathan Kydd (academic)
San Diego State University Imperial Valley Campus	dean	Stephen B. W. Roeder
PLM Graduate School of Law	dean	Angelina Sandoval-Gutierrez
CUNY Graduate School of Journalism	dean	Stephen B. Shepard
Shri Ramachandra Bhanj Medical College	dean	D. N. Moharana
Melbourne Law School	dean	Carolyn Evans
Jackson School of Geosciences	dean	Sharon Mosher
Sydney Law School	dean	Gillian Triggs
Wesley Biblical Seminary	dean	Dr. Daniel Burnett
Fundação Dom Cabral	dean	Emerson de Almeida
University of Michigan School of Education	dean	Deborah Loewenberg Ball
Purdue University College of Technology	dean	Gary Bertoline
Illinois Central College	dean	William Tammone
Georgia Institute of Technology College of Architecture	dean	Alan Balfour
Georgia Institute of Technology College of Computing	dean	Zvi Galil
Georgia Institute of Technology College of Engineering	dean	Don Giddens
Shri Bhausaheb Hire Government Medical College, Dhule	dean	Dr.Gupta
Yale School of Art	dean	Robert Storr
University of Cincinnati Academic Health Center  University of Cincinnati College of Allied Health   1	dean	Elizabeth C. King
University of Kentucky College of Medicine	dean	DeBeer[[M.D.
University of Michigan College of Pharmacy	dean	Frank J. Ascione
Peninsula College of Medicine and Dentistry	dean	Professor
Ernest Mario School of Pharmacy	dean	Christopher J. Molloy
American University School of Public Affairs	dean	William M. LeoGrande
American University School of Communication	dean	Larry Kirkman
American University College of Arts and Sciences	dean	Dr. Peter Starr
Long Trail School	dean	Justin Bendall
Fairfield University Dolan School of Business	dean	Norman A. Solomon
Boston College School of Theology and Ministry	dean	Mark S. Massa
Boston College School of Theology and Ministry	dean	Society of Jesus
City of Hope Graduate School of Biological Sciences	dean	Doctor of Philosophy
Rutgers School of Law–Newark	dean	John Farmer, Jr.
Faculty of Medicine Naresuan University	dean	Doctor of Medicine
Faculty of Medicine Naresuan University	dean	Doctor of Philosophy
Georgetown Public Policy Institute	dean	Edward B. Montgomery
Tulane School of Architecture	dean	Kenneth A. Schwartz
Tulane School of Architecture	dean	Fellow of the American Institute of Architects
Sandra Day O'Connor College of Law	dean	Douglas Sylvester
Notre Dame School of Architecture	dean	Michael Lykoudis
Duquesne University School of Law	dean	Ken Gormley (academic)
Fairfield University School of Nursing	dean	Jeanne Novotny
University of Nottingham Medical School	dean	Professor
Champlain College St. Lawrence	dean	Pierre Choquette
Ira A. Fulton College of Engineering and Technology	dean	Alan R. Parkinson
Penn State College of Information Sciences and Technology	dean	David Hall
University of Washington School of Medicine	dean	Paul G. Ramsey
School of Nursing and Health Studies	dean	Julie DeLoia
Universidad de Mendoza	dean	Salvador B. Navarría PhD
Boston University School of Medicine	dean	Karen H. Antman
IIT Institute of Design	dean	Patrick Whitney
University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health	dean	Robert N. Golden
University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health	dean	Doctor of Medicine
Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences	dean	Cherry A. Murray
Hertie School of Governance	dean	Helmut Anheier
Liberty University School of Law	dean	Mathew Staver
Faculty of Science, Mahidol University	dean	Doctor of Philosophy
Whitacre College of Engineering	dean	Albert Sacco
Shaw College	dean	Andrew Chi-fai Chan
Rotterdam Business School	dean	Drs. G.M. (Michel) Molier
Franciscan School of Theology	dean	Society of Mary (Marists)
Whiting School of Engineering	dean	Nicholas P. Jones
Johns Hopkins University School of Arts and Sciences	dean	Katherine Newman
Indiana University School of Public and Environmental Affairs	dean	John Graham (policy analyst)
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Engineering	dean	Paul S. Peercy
Far Eastern University Institute of Law	dean	Andres D. Bautista
Antwerp Management School	dean	Philippe Naert
Maastricht Graduate School of Governance	dean	Luc Soete
University of Minnesota College of Liberal Arts	dean	James A. Parente, Jr.
University of Pennsylvania School of Design	dean	Marilyn Jordan Taylor
Ateneo School of Government	dean	Antonio La Viña
Wanda L. Bass School of Music	dean	Mark Parker
Northwestern University School of Education and Social Policy	dean	Penelope Peterson
Babcock Graduate School of Management	dean	Steven Reinemund
Bilkent Faculty of Business Administration	dean	Prof. Erdal Erel
Ateneo School of Medicine and Public Health	dean	Alfredo R.A. Bengzon
Kellogg School of Science and Technology	dean	James R. Williamson
New York College of Osteopathic Medicine	dean	Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine
University of Florida College of Liberal Arts and Sciences	dean	Paul D'Anieri
University of Florida College of Medicine	dean	Michael L. Good
Graduate School of International Corporate Strategy	dean	Christina Ahmadjian
College of Business (James Madison University)	dean	Dr. Robert D. Reid
Georgetown College (Georgetown University)	dean	Chester Gillis
Junípero Serra High School (Gardena, California)	dean	Dwan Hurt
University of South Florida College of Nursing	dean	Doctor of Philosophy
University of Arizona College of Medicine	dean	Steve Goldschmid
University of Arizona College of Medicine	dean	Stuart Flynn (medicine)
University of Nicosia	dean	Dr. Nicos Peristianis
Vanderbilt University School of Engineering	dean	Kenneth F. Galloway
National University of Equatorial Guinea	dean	Federico Edjo Ovono
Blair School of Music	dean	Mark Wait
University of Michigan School of Natural Resources and Environment	dean	Rosina Bierbaum
Purdue University College of Liberal Arts	dean	Irwin Weiser
Purdue University College of Education	dean	Maryann Santos de Barona
Purdue University College of Engineering	dean	Leah Jamieson
Vanderbilt University School of Medicine	dean	Jeff Balser
NCKU IMBA	dean	Yu-Hern Chang
Rocky Vista University College of Osteopathic Medicine	dean	Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine
Orfalea College of Business	dean	Dr. Dave Christy
Purdue University College of Health and Human Sciences	dean	Christine Ladisch
Barcelona Graduate School of Economics	dean	Massimo Motta
University of Cincinnati College of Engineering and Applied Science	dean	Carlo Montemagno
University of Edinburgh Medical School	dean	Professor
WFI – Ingolstadt School of Management	dean	Prof. Dr. Heinrich Kuhn
Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policy	dean	Kishore Mahbubani
University of Michigan School of Public Health	dean	Martin Philbert
Peter F. Drucker and Masatoshi Ito Graduate School of Management	dean	Ira Jackson
Kansas State University College of Engineering	dean	John R. English (Professor)
Faculty of Medicine, Chulalongkorn University	dean	Doctor of Medicine
IAE Jean Moulin University Lyon 3	dean	Jérôme Rive
Robson Hall (Faculty of Law – University of Manitoba)	dean	Lorna A. Turnbull
University of Oregon School of Architecture and Allied Arts	dean	Frances Bronet
University of Florida College of Education	dean	Catherine Emihovich
Mannheim Business School	dean	Jens Wüstemann
University of Florida College of Pharmacy	dean	William H. Riffee
University of Florida College of Dentistry	dean	Teresa A. Dolan
J. Hillis Miller Health Science Center	dean	David S. Guzick
University of Illinois at Chicago College of Engineering	dean	Peter Nelson (researcher)
University of Florida Division of Continuing Education	dean	Eileen I. Oliver
San Carlos Seminary	dean	Licentiate of Sacred Theology
San Carlos Seminary	dean	Doctor of Philosophy
Noroff	dean	Finn H. Mathiesen
Wisconsin School of Business	dean	Joan Schmit
IEDC-Bled School of Management	dean	Danica Purg
Edward R. Murrow College of Communication	dean	Lawrence Pintak
Heidelberg University Faculty of Law	dean	Herbert Kronke
Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science	dean	Vijay K. Dhir
Josef Korbel School of International Studies	dean	Christopher R. Hill
Faculty of Political Science, Chulalongkorn University	dean	Doctor of Philosophy
ANU College of Law	dean	Michael Coper
International School of Software, Wuhan University	dean	Huaibei Zhou
Eugene C. Eppley College of Business Administration	dean	Anthony Hendrickson (academic)
Sellinger School of Business and Management	dean	Karyl B. Leggio
UCSB College of Engineering	dean	Matt Tirrell
The George Washington University School of Business	dean	Doug Guthrie
All Saints University of Medicine	dean	Dr.Lakhinder Kanwar , M.D.
Faculty of Law, Thammasat University	dean	Surasak Likasitwatanakul
Harvard Business School	dean	Nitin Nohria
Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital, Mahidol University	dean	Doctor of Medicine
John B. Goddard School of Business & Economics	dean	Cliff Nowell, Interim Dean
Cal Poly Pomona College of Environmental Design	dean	Michael Woo
William E. Macaulay Honors College	dean	Ann Kirschner
HEC Lausanne	dean	Daniel Oyon
Goethe Business School	dean	Andreas Hackethal
Purdue University College of Pharmacy	dean	Craig K. Svensson
Purdue University College of Pharmacy	dean	Doctor of Pharmacy
Michigan State University College of Nursing	dean	Doctor of Philosophy
Michigan State University College of Nursing	dean	Master of Science in Nursing
Michigan State University College of Nursing	dean	Bachelor of Science in Nursing
SMU School of Social Sciences	dean	James T H Tang
Cumberland School of Law's Center for Biotechnology, Law, and Ethics	dean	John L. Carroll
Purdue University College of Pharmacy, Nursing, and Health Sciences	dean	Craig K. Svensson
European College of Liberal Arts	dean	Peter Hajnal
University of Pennsylvania School of Nursing	dean	Afaf Meleis
University of Utah College of Engineering	dean	Richard B. Brown
Purdue University College of Agriculture	dean	Jay Akridge
State University of New York at Buffalo School of Dental Medicine	dean	Michael Glick
TU Delft Faculty of Architecture	dean	Ir Karin Laglas
TC Beirne School of Law	dean	Ross Grantham
Boonshoft School of Medicine	dean	Howard M. Part, M.D.
Abilene Christian University	dean	MaLesa Breeding
Abilene Christian University	dean	Rick Lytle
Abilene Christian University	dean	Charles Mattis
Abilene Christian University	dean	Jack Reese (academic)
Abilene Christian University	dean	Greg Straughn
King's College London School of Law	dean	Timothy Macklem
Government Medical College, Latur	dean	Dr.D.D.Dongaonkar
Ross School of Business	dean	Alison Davis-Blake
Graduate School of Economics, Finance, and Management	dean	Doctor of Philosophy
Maharashtra Institute of Medical Science and Research, Latur	dean	Dr. A.G. Chandorkar
Van Xuan University of Technology	dean	Dai Duy Ban
Regent's American College London	dean	Lady
Abilene Christian University College of Arts and Sciences	dean	Gregory Straughn
Zhejiang University School of Medicine	dean	Ba Denian
Faculty of Sociology and Anthropology Thammasat University	dean	Pornchai Trakulwaranont
George Washington University School of Public Health and Health Services	dean	Lynn Goldman
College of Podiatric Medicine	dean	Lawrence B. Harkless
University of Michigan School of Art & Design	dean	Bryan Rogers
University of Missouri College of Arts and Science	dean	Michael J. O'Brien
Bocconi University School of Law	dean	Giovanni Iudica
Faculty of Engineering, University of Peradeniya	dean	Professor
Howard University College of Medicine	dean	Doctor of Philosophy
Balaji Institute of Telecom and Management Pune	dean	Prof Col A Balasubramanian
Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio	dean	Valentin Bearth
ITU School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering	dean	Hakan Kuntman
ITU School of Civil Engineering	dean	Gaye Onursal Denli
ITU School of Architecture	dean	Orhan Hacıhasanoğlu
ITU School of Mechanical Engineering	dean	Ali Taner Derbentli
ITU School of Naval Architecture and Ocean Engineering	dean	Ali İhsan Aldoğan
ITU School of Aeronautics and Astronautics	dean	Fevzi Unal
USC School of Architecture	dean	Qingyun Ma
ITU School of Textile Technologies and Design	dean	Emel Onder Karaoglu
University of Belgrade Faculty of Philology	dean	Aleksandra Vraneš
ITU School of Mines	dean	İlyas Çağlar
ITU School of Maritime	dean	Nil Guler
ITU Turkish Music State Conservatory	dean	Cihat Askin
Faculty of Administration, Ljubljana	dean	Stanka Setnikar Cankar
UAMS Northwest	dean	Peter O. Kohler
National Paralegal College	dean	Mark Geller
Chapman University, Argyros School of Business and Economics	dean	Arthur Kraft
Geneva Medical College	dean	Edward Cutbush
Faculty of Arts, University of Peradeniya	dean	Doctor (title)
University of Mississippi School of Law	dean	Richard Gershon
The English School (Colegio de Inglaterra)	dean	Order of the British Empire
Faculty of Science, University of Peradeniya	dean	Professor
Faculty of Medicine, University of Peradeniya	dean	Professor
Haskayne School of Business	dean	Leonard Waverman
University of Stellenbosch Business School	dean	Prof. John Powell
Georgia Institute of Technology	dean	John Stein (academic)
UCL Faculty of Engineering Sciences	dean	Anthony Finkelstein
University of Detroit Mercy School of Law	dean	Lloyd A. Semple
Faculty of Medicine, Diponegoro University	dean	Doctor of Medicine
Faculty of Medicine, Diponegoro University	dean	Physical medicine and rehabilitation
Faculty of Education, University of Cambridge	dean	Mike Younger
University School of Information Technology	dean	B.V. Ramana Reddy
VCU School of Medicine	dean	Doctorate
Vilnius University Faculty of Communication	dean	Andrius Vaišnys
Centre de Formation Médicale du Nouveau-Brunswick	dean	Dr Aurel Schofield
Khazar University School of Humanities and Social Sciences	dean	Jabir Khalilov
Silliman University College of Law	dean	Dalhousie University
Faculty of Agriculture, University of Peradeniya	dean	Doctor (title)
Faculty of Veterinary Medicine & Animal Science, University of Peradeniya	dean	Professor
Faculty of Dental Sciences, University of Peradeniya	dean	Doctor (title)
Faculty of Allied Health Sciences, University of Peradeniya	dean	Doctor (title)
UC Riverside School of Medicine	dean	Doctor of Medicine
Pakistan Institute of Engineering and Applied Sciences	dean	Dr. Tehsin Hamid
Pakistan Institute of Engineering and Applied Sciences	dean	Dr. Mohammad Javed Hyder
Pakistan Institute of Engineering and Applied Sciences	dean	Dr. Mutawarra Hussain
Pakistan Institute of Engineering and Applied Sciences	dean	Dr. Khalid Jamil
Hutton Honors College	dean	Matthew Auer
Institute of Business Administration, Karachi	dean	Ishrat Hussain
The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy	dean	Stephen W. Bosworth
The Bush School of Government and Public Service	dean	Andrew Card
Global Alliance in Management Education	dean	Prof. Dr. Thomas Bieger
Katowice Film School	dean	Krystyna Doktorowicz
Faculty of Economics of the University of Ljubljana	dean	Dušan Mramor
SMU School of Law	dean	Michael Furmston
Virginia Tech College of Architecture and Urban Studies	dean	Fellow of the American Institute of Architects
Virginia Tech College of Architecture and Urban Studies	dean	Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design
A.T. Still University School of Osteopathic Medicine in Arizona	dean	Thomas E. McWilliams
Stenden Rangsit University	dean	Prof Dr Don Craig
University of Edinburgh Academy of Government	dean	Charlie Jeffery
Northeastern University College of Engineering	dean	David Luzzi
Berlin Graduate School for Transnational Studies	dean	Markus Jachtenfuchs
