Actrius	director	Ventura Pons
Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri	director	Sid Meier
Army of Darkness	director	Sam Raimi
The Birth of a Nation	director	D. W. Griffith
Beavis and Butt-head	director	Mike Judge
Beavis and Butt-head	director	Yvette Kaplan
Blade Runner	director	Ridley Scott
Blazing Saddles	director	Mel Brooks
Blue Velvet (film)	director	David Lynch
National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum	director	Jeff Idelson
Barry Lyndon	director	Stanley Kubrick
Buffy the Vampire Slayer (film)	director	Fran Rubel Kuzui
Braveheart	director	Mel Gibson
British Museum	director	Neil MacGregor
Batman (1966 film)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Batman (1989 film)	director	Tim Burton
Batman Returns	director	Tim Burton
Batman & Robin (film)	director	Joel Schumacher
Batman Forever	director	Joel Schumacher
Bride of the Monster	director	Ed Wood
Citizen Kane	director	Orson Welles
Chariots of Fire	director	Hugh Hudson
Chrono Trigger	director	Takashi Tokita
Chrono Trigger	director	Yoshinori Kitase
Chrono Trigger	director	Akihiko Matsui
Chrono Cross	director	Masato Kato
Destry Rides Again	director	George Marshall (director)
Dressed to Kill (1980 film)	director	Brian De Palma
Doom (video game)	director	Tom Hall
Dr. Strangelove	director	Stanley Kubrick
Das Boot	director	Wolfgang Petersen
The Evil Dead	director	Sam Raimi
Young and Innocent	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Escape from New York	director	John Carpenter
Eyes Wide Shut	director	Stanley Kubrick
EastEnders	director	List of EastEnders crew members#Directors
Evil Dead II	director	Sam Raimi
Fearless (1993 film)	director	Peter Weir
Flåklypa Grand Prix	director	Ivo Caprino
Four Weddings and a Funeral	director	Mike Newell (director)
Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within	director	Hironobu Sakaguchi
Four Feather Falls	director	Gerry Anderson
Four Feather Falls	director	David Elliott (director)
Show Me Love (film)	director	Lukas Moodysson
Fawlty Towers	director	John Howard Davies
Fawlty Towers	director	Bob Spiers
Full Metal Jacket	director	Stanley Kubrick
King Kong vs. Godzilla	director	Ishirō Honda
Godzilla (1954 film)	director	Ishirō Honda
Gumby	director	Art Clokey
Galaxy Quest	director	Dean Parisot
Glen or Glenda	director	Ed Wood
Harold and Maude	director	Hal Ashby
Heathers	director	Michael Lehmann
Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur	director	Sanjay Govind Dhande
King Kong (1933 film)	director	Merian C. Cooper
King Kong (1933 film)	director	Ernest B. Schoedsack
Kid Icarus	director	Satoru Okada
Musée du Louvre	director	Henri Loyrette
Monty Python's Life of Brian	director	Terry Jones
La jetée	director	Chris Marker
Mean Streets	director	Martin Scorsese
Manufacturing Consent: Noam Chomsky and the Media	director	Mark Achbar
Manufacturing Consent: Noam Chomsky and the Media	director	Peter Wintonick
Monty Python and the Holy Grail	director	Terry Gilliam
Monty Python and the Holy Grail	director	Terry Jones
Miss Congeniality (film)	director	Donald Petrie
My Neighbor Totoro	director	Hayao Miyazaki
Mulholland Drive (film)	director	David Lynch
Meet the Feebles	director	Peter Jackson
Nanook of the North	director	Robert J. Flaherty
Natural Born Killers	director	Oliver Stone
O Brother, Where Art Thou?	director	Coen brothers
One Foot in the Grave	director	Sydney Lotterby
Original Sin (film)	director	Michael Cristofer
Orgy of the Dead	director	Stephen C. Apostolof
Paths of Glory	director	Stanley Kubrick
Psycho (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Princess Mononoke	director	Hayao Miyazaki
The Rocky Horror Picture Show	director	Jim Sharman
Raging Bull	director	Martin Scorsese
Red Dwarf	director	Ed Bye
Red Dwarf	director	Juliet May
Radical Dreamers: Nusumenai Hōseki	director	Masato Kato
Rijksmuseum Amsterdam	director	Wim Pijbes
Repo Man (film)	director	Alex Cox
Shell Shock (film)	director	John Hayes (director)
Star Trek Generations	director	David Carson (director)
Star Trek: The Animated Series	director	Hal Sutherland
Star Trek: First Contact	director	Jonathan Frakes
Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan	director	Nicholas Meyer
Super Mario Kart	director	Tadashi Sugiyama
Super Mario Kart	director	Hideki Konno
Saving Private Ryan	director	Steven Spielberg
Stargate (film)	director	Roland Emmerich
Seinfeld	director	Art Wolff
Seinfeld	director	Tom Cherones
Seinfeld	director	Andy Ackerman
Seinfeld	director	David Steinberg
Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
Scared to Death	director	Christy Cabanne
The Rock (film)	director	Michael Bay
The Texas Chain Saw Massacre	director	Tobe Hooper
The Big Lebowski	director	Coen brothers
The Breakfast Club	director	John Hughes (filmmaker)
The Graduate	director	Mike Nichols
Taxi Driver	director	Martin Scorsese
The Silence of the Lambs (film)	director	Jonathan Demme
The Matrix	director	The Wachowskis
The Matrix	director	The Wachowskis
Triumph of the Will	director	Leni Riefenstahl
The Incredible Shrinking Man	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Night of the Living Dead	director	George A. Romero
The Terminator	director	James Cameron
Terminator 2: Judgment Day	director	James Cameron
The Big Country	director	William Wyler
The Year of Living Dangerously	director	Peter Weir
12 Monkeys	director	Terry Gilliam
The Crying Game	director	Neil Jordan
The Sixth Sense	director	M. Night Shyamalan
The Shawshank Redemption	director	Frank Darabont
The Terrorist (film)	director	Santosh Sivan
The Thing (1982 film)	director	John Carpenter
The Wedding Planner	director	Adam Shankman
Tate Modern	director	Chris Dercon
Trekkies (film)	director	Roger Nygard
Thunderbirds (TV series)	director	David Elliott (director)
Thunderbirds (TV series)	director	David Lane (director)
Thunderbirds (TV series)	director	Desmond Saunders
The Princess Bride (film)	director	Rob Reiner
The Parent Trap (1961 film)	director	David Swift (director)
THX 1138	director	George Lucas
The Prisoner	director	Patrick McGoohan
The Prisoner	director	David Tomblin
The Prisoner	director	Anthony Skene
The Prisoner	director	Terence Feely
The Prisoner	director	Vincent Tilsley
The Straight Story	director	David Lynch
Seven Samurai	director	Akira Kurosawa
The Magnificent Seven	director	John Sturges
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly	director	Sergio Leone
Threads	director	Mick Jackson (director)
Until the End of the World	director	Wim Wenders
Unbreakable (film)	director	M. Night Shyamalan
U-571 (film)	director	Jonathan Mostow
Wild Strawberries (film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
Wings of Desire	director	Wim Wenders
When Harry Met Sally...	director	Rob Reiner
Waterloo (1970 film)	director	Sergei Bondarchuk
The Wizard of Speed and Time	director	Mike Jittlov
Wallace and Gromit	director	Nick Park
WarGames	director	John Badham
Xenogears	director	Tetsuya Takahashi
Carry On (film series)	director	Gerald Thomas
The Price Is Right (U.S. game show)	director	Marc Breslow
The Price Is Right (U.S. game show)	director	Paul Alter
The War Game	director	Peter Watkins
Indian Institute of Science	director	Padmanabhan Balaram
Metropolitan Museum of Art	director	Thomas P. Campbell
Traffic (2000 film)	director	Steven Soderbergh
Powaqqatsi	director	Godfrey Reggio
JFK (film)	director	Oliver Stone
The Brady Bunch  The Brady Brides   1	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
Léon (film)	director	Luc Besson
Forrest Gump	director	Robert Zemeckis
All About Eve	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Gentleman's Agreement	director	Elia Kazan
Crossfire (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Midnight Cowboy	director	John Schlesinger
The Greatest Show on Earth	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Best Years of Our Lives	director	William Wyler
Anywhere but Here (film)	director	Wayne Wang
Everyone Says I Love You	director	Woody Allen
Beautiful Girls (film)	director	Ted Demme
The Lost Weekend (film)	director	Billy Wilder
From Here to Eternity	director	Fred Zinnemann
The Wicker Man (1973 film)	director	Robin Hardy (film director)
On the Waterfront	director	Elia Kazan
Going My Way	director	Leo McCarey
In the Bedroom	director	Todd Field
The Bridge on the River Kwai	director	David Lean
Chang (film)	director	Merian C. Cooper
Chang (film)	director	Ernest B. Schoedsack
Gattaca	director	Andrew Niccol
The Dukes of Hazzard	director	Rod Amateau
The Dukes of Hazzard	director	Hy Averback
The Dukes of Hazzard	director	William Asher
The Dukes of Hazzard	director	Gy Waldron
The Dukes of Hazzard	director	Jack Starrett
The Dukes of Hazzard	director	Ernest Pintoff
The Dukes of Hazzard	director	Allen Baron
The Dukes of Hazzard	director	Denver Pyle
The Dukes of Hazzard	director	James Best
The Dukes of Hazzard	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
The Dukes of Hazzard	director	Bob Sweeney (director)
The Dukes of Hazzard	director	Sorrell Booke
The Dukes of Hazzard	director	Tom Wopat
The Dukes of Hazzard	director	Bernard McEveety
The Dukes of Hazzard	director	John Schneider (television actor)
Back to the Future	director	Robert Zemeckis
K-19: The Widowmaker	director	Kathryn Bigelow
Lawrence of Arabia (film)	director	David Lean
Heat (1995 film)	director	Michael Mann (director)
The Apartment	director	Billy Wilder
American Beauty (film)	director	Sam Mendes
The Life of Emile Zola	director	William Dieterle
San Francisco (film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
The Big Fisherman	director	Frank Borzage
Amélie	director	Jean-Pierre Jeunet
Where the Heart Is (2000 film)	director	Matt Williams (producer)
The Great Ziegfeld	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Green Card (film)	director	Peter Weir
Cast Away	director	Robert Zemeckis
It Happened One Night	director	Frank Capra
In Old Arizona	director	Irving Cummings
Grand Hotel (film)	director	Edmund Goulding
The Hollywood Revue of 1929	director	Charles F. Reisner
Anne of the Thousand Days	director	Charles Jarrott
Animal Crackers (film)	director	Victor Heerman
Reds (film)	director	Warren Beatty
Soylent Green	director	Richard Fleischer
The Last Laugh	director	F. W. Murnau
The Abyss	director	James Cameron
Zorba the Greek (film)	director	Michael Cacoyannis
Rocky	director	John G. Avildsen
Incubus (1966 film)	director	Leslie Stevens
Airplane!	director	Jim Abrahams
Airplane!	director	David Zucker (filmmaker)
Airplane!	director	Jerry Zucker (film director)
Black Narcissus	director	Michael Powell (director)
Black Narcissus	director	Emeric Pressburger
Metropolis (film)	director	Fritz Lang
Lara Croft: Tomb Raider	director	Simon West
The Song Remains the Same (film)	director	Peter Clifton
The Song Remains the Same (film)	director	Joe Massot
French Kiss (film)	director	Lawrence Kasdan
Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi	director	Richard Marquand
Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace	director	George Lucas
Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones	director	George Lucas
The Luzhin Defence	director	Marleen Gorris
The Powerpuff Girls	director	Genndy Tartakovsky
The Powerpuff Girls	director	John McIntyre (cartoonist)
The Powerpuff Girls	director	Rob Renzetti
The Powerpuff Girls	director	Chris Savino
The Powerpuff Girls	director	Craig McCracken
The Flintstones	director	William Hanna
The Flintstones	director	Joseph Barbera
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade	director	Steven Spielberg
Breakfast at Tiffany's (film)	director	Blake Edwards
Mars Needs Women	director	Larry Buchanan
Titanic (1997 film)	director	James Cameron
Independence Day (film)	director	Roland Emmerich
Armageddon (1998 film)	director	Michael Bay
Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope	director	George Lucas
Final Fantasy Tactics	director	Yasumi Matsuno
Final Fantasy II	director	Hironobu Sakaguchi
Final Fantasy VI	director	Yoshinori Kitase
Final Fantasy VI	director	Hiroyuki Ito
Final Fantasy VII	director	Yoshinori Kitase
Final Fantasy VIII	director	Yoshinori Kitase
Final Fantasy IX	director	Hiroyuki Ito
Final Fantasy X	director	Motomu Toriyama
Final Fantasy X	director	Takayoshi Nakazato
Final Fantasy X	director	Toshiro Tsuchida
Final Fantasy IV	director	Hironobu Sakaguchi
Final Fantasy Adventure	director	Koichi Ishii
Final Fantasy V	director	Hironobu Sakaguchi
The Little Girl Who Lives Down the Lane	director	Nicolas Gessner
Toy Story	director	John Lasseter
Earth: Final Conflict	director	David Winning
Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back	director	Irvin Kershner
Vanilla Sky	director	Cameron Crowe
Leaving Las Vegas	director	Mike Figgis
Raiders of the Lost Ark	director	Steven Spielberg
Saturday Night Fever	director	John Badham
Pulp Fiction	director	Quentin Tarantino
Coming to America	director	John Landis
Fashion Police (TV series)	director	Jonathan X
Forbidden Planet	director	Fred M. Wilcox
Total Recall	director	Paul Verhoeven
Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith	director	George Lucas
Miller's Crossing	director	Coen brothers
Sleepy Hollow (film)	director	Tim Burton
Mulan	director	Tony Bancroft
Casablanca (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Donnie Darko	director	Richard Kelly (director)
Tora! Tora! Tora!	director	Richard Fleischer
Tora! Tora! Tora!	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Tora! Tora! Tora!	director	Toshio Masuda
The Manchurian Candidate (1962 film)	director	John Frankenheimer
Wall Street (1987 film)	director	Oliver Stone
The Caves of Steel  Story Parade – The Caves of Steel   1	director	Peter Sasdy
She Done Him Wrong	director	Lowell Sherman
The Good Earth (film)	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
The Good Earth (film)	director	Victor Fleming
The Good Earth (film)	director	Gustav Machatý
State Fair (1933 film)	director	Henry King (director)
The Red Shoes (1948 film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Red Shoes (1948 film)	director	Emeric Pressburger
It's a Wonderful Life	director	Frank Capra
Seven Brides for Seven Brothers	director	Stanley Donen
Chasing Amy	director	Kevin Smith
Press Your Luck	director	Bill Carruthers
Match Game	director	Marc Breslow
The Racket	director	Lewis Milestone
Wings (film)	director	William A. Wellman
Seventh Heaven (1927 film)	director	Frank Borzage
Skippy (film)	director	Norman Taurog
Trader Horn (1931 film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
East Lynne	director	Frank Lloyd
Bad Girl (film)	director	Frank Borzage
Five Star Final	director	Mervyn LeRoy
One Hour with You	director	George Cukor
One Hour with You	director	Ernst Lubitsch
The Champ	director	King Vidor
Shanghai Express (film)	director	Josef von Sternberg
The Smiling Lieutenant	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Skippy the Bush Kangaroo	director	Eric Fullilove
Skippy the Bush Kangaroo	director	Max Varnel
I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Lady for a Day	director	Frank Capra
The Private Life of Henry VIII	director	Alexander Korda
Song of the South	director	Harve Foster
Song of the South	director	Wilfred Jackson
The Barretts of Wimpole Street (1934 film)	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
Flirtation Walk	director	Frank Borzage
The Gay Divorcee	director	Mark Sandrich
Here Comes the Navy	director	Lloyd Bacon
The House of Rothschild	director	Alfred L. Werker
One Night of Love	director	Victor Schertzinger
The Thin Man (film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Viva Villa!	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Viva Villa!	director	Howard Hawks
Viva Villa!	director	William A. Wellman
The White Parade	director	Irving Cummings
Alibi (1929 film)	director	Roland West
The Broadway Melody	director	Harry Beaumont
The Big House (1930 film)	director	George W. Hill
Disraeli (film)	director	Alfred E. Green
The Patriot (2000 film)	director	Roland Emmerich
The Divorcee	director	Robert Z. Leonard
The Love Parade	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Captain Blood (1935 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Informer (1935 film)	director	John Ford
The Lives of a Bengal Lancer	director	Henry Hathaway
Broadway Melody of 1936	director	Roy Del Ruth
Les Misérables (1935 film)	director	Richard Boleslavsky
Naughty Marietta (film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Naughty Marietta (film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Ruggles of Red Gap	director	Leo McCarey
David Copperfield (1935 film)	director	George Cukor
Top Hat	director	Mark Sandrich
Anthony Adverse	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Libeled Lady	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Mr. Deeds Goes to Town	director	Frank Capra
The Story of Louis Pasteur	director	William Dieterle
Three Smart Girls	director	Henry Koster
The Awful Truth	director	Leo McCarey
Dead End	director	William Wyler
In Old Chicago	director	Henry King (director)
One Hundred Men and a Girl	director	Henry Koster
Lost Horizon (1937 film)	director	Frank Capra
Stage Door	director	Gregory La Cava
A Tale of Two Cities (1935 film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
All About My Mother	director	Pedro Almodóvar
Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans	director	F. W. Murnau
Cop Rock	director	Michael Fresco
Cop Rock	director	Fred Gerber
Cop Rock	director	Charles Haid
Cop Rock	director	Gregory Hoblit
Cop Rock	director	Michael M. Robin
Cop Rock	director	Arlene Sanford
Cop Rock	director	Brad Silberling
The Adventures of Robin Hood (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Adventures of Robin Hood (film)	director	William Keighley
Grand Illusion (film)	director	Jean Renoir
Four Daughters	director	Michael Curtiz
Test Pilot (film)	director	Victor Fleming
Dark Victory	director	Edmund Goulding
Love Affair (1939 film)	director	Leo McCarey
Ninotchka	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Mr. Smith Goes to Washington	director	Frank Capra
Of Mice and Men (1939 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Stagecoach (1939 film)	director	John Ford
Alice in Wonderland (1933 film)	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Adam Adamant Lives!	director	Moira Armstrong
Adam Adamant Lives!	director	Philip Dudley
Adam Adamant Lives!	director	Ridley Scott
Adam Adamant Lives!	director	Paul Ciappessoni
Adam Adamant Lives!	director	Henry Safran
The Sting	director	George Roy Hill
The Philadelphia Story (film)	director	George Cukor
The Ring (2002 film)	director	Gore Verbinski
All This, and Heaven Too	director	Anatole Litvak
Foreign Correspondent (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
The Long Voyage Home	director	John Ford
The Great Dictator	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Great Dictator	director	Wheeler Dryden
Day of the Dead (1985 film)	director	George A. Romero
Touch of Evil	director	Orson Welles
Apt Pupil (film)	director	Bryan Singer
Lenny (film)	director	Bob Fosse
Goodfellas	director	Martin Scorsese
The Big Blue	director	Luc Besson
Dawn of the Dead	director	George A. Romero
A Knight's Tale	director	Brian Helgeland
Schindler's List	director	Steven Spielberg
Museum of Modern Art	director	Glenn D. Lowry
M (1931 film)	director	Fritz Lang
Final Fantasy III	director	Hironobu Sakaguchi
Final Fantasy III  Square Enix Product Development Division 3Matrix S  1	director	Hiromichi Tanaka
Fly Away Home	director	Carroll Ballard
The Conversation	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Annie Hall	director	Woody Allen
The Battle of San Pietro	director	John Huston
Clue (film)	director	Jonathan Lynn
Marked for Death	director	Dwight H. Little
Hard to Kill	director	Bruce Malmuth
Under Siege	director	Andrew Davis (film director)
Out for Justice	director	John Flynn (director)
On Deadly Ground	director	Steven Seagal
Under Siege 2: Dark Territory	director	Geoff Murphy
Above the Law (film)	director	Andrew Davis (film director)
The Glimmer Man	director	John Gray (director)
Executive Decision	director	Stuart Baird
Prince of Central Park	director	John Leekley
Fire Down Below (1997 film)	director	Félix Enríquez Alcalá
Ticker (2001 film)	director	Albert Pyun
Exit Wounds	director	Andrzej Bartkowiak
Half Past Dead	director	Don Michael Paul
Strategic Air Command (film)	director	Anthony Mann
The Caine Mutiny (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
All That Jazz	director	Bob Fosse
The African Queen (film)	director	John Huston
Adam's Rib	director	George Cukor
Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein	director	Charles Barton
The Bank Dick	director	Edward F. Cline
Chinatown (1974 film)	director	Roman Polanski
All That Heaven Allows	director	Douglas Sirk
Kiss Me Deadly	director	Robert Aldrich
America America	director	Elia Kazan
The Blood of Jesus	director	Spencer Williams (actor)
Badlands (film)	director	Terrence Malick
American Graffiti	director	George Lucas
The Jazz Singer (1927 film)	director	Alan Crosland
Bonnie and Clyde (film)	director	Arthur Penn
Chico and the Man	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
Chico and the Man	director	Jack Donohue (director)
Chico and the Man	director	James Komack
True Lies	director	James Cameron
The General (1926 film)	director	Clyde Bruckman
The General (1926 film)	director	Buster Keaton
Jurassic Park (film)	director	Steven Spielberg
McCabe & Mrs. Miller	director	Robert Altman
The Ladykillers	director	Alexander Mackendrick
Spirited Away	director	Hayao Miyazaki
The Quiet Man	director	John Ford
Brief Encounter	director	David Lean
Guess Who's Coming to Dinner	director	Stanley Kramer
Dune (film)	director	David Lynch
The Third Man	director	Carol Reed
Hellraiser	director	Clive Barker
Creature from the Black Lagoon	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Signs (film)	director	M. Night Shyamalan
Aladdin (1992 Disney film)	director	Ron Clements
Aladdin (1992 Disney film)	director	John Musker
The Big Parade	director	King Vidor
The Black Pirate	director	Albert Parker (director)
Blacksmith Scene	director	William Kennedy Dickson
Last of the Summer Wine	director	James Gilbert (producer)
Last of the Summer Wine	director	Bernard Thompson (director)
Last of the Summer Wine	director	Sydney Lotterby
Last of the Summer Wine	director	Ray Butt
Last of the Summer Wine	director	Alan J. W. Bell
Bringing Up Baby	director	Howard Hawks
Bride of Frankenstein	director	James Whale
Broken Blossoms	director	D. W. Griffith
The Band Wagon	director	Vincente Minnelli
Chan Is Missing	director	Wayne Wang
The Cheat	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Chulas Fronteras	director	Les Blank
Sullivan's Travels	director	Preston Sturges
Civilization (film)	director	Reginald Barker
Civilization (film)	director	Thomas H. Ince
Civilization (film)	director	Raymond B. West
City Lights	director	Charlie Chaplin
Cologne: From the Diary of Ray and Esther	director	Esther Dowidat
Cologne: From the Diary of Ray and Esther	director	Raymond Dowidat
Cops (film)	director	Edward F. Cline
Cops (film)	director	Buster Keaton
A Corner in Wheat	director	D. W. Griffith
North by Northwest	director	Alfred Hitchcock
David Holzman's Diary	director	Jim McBride
Dead Birds (1964 film)	director	Robert Gardner (anthropologist)
The Day the Earth Stood Still	director	Robert Wise
Detour (1945 film)	director	Edgar G. Ulmer
The Docks of New York	director	Josef von Sternberg
Dog Star Man	director	Stan Brakhage
The Deer Hunter	director	Michael Cimino
Do the Right Thing	director	Spike Lee
The Cool World (film)	director	Shirley Clarke
Dont Look Back	director	D. A. Pennebaker
E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial	director	Steven Spielberg
Double Indemnity (film)	director	Billy Wilder
Easy Rider	director	Dennis Hopper
Duck Soup (1933 film)	director	Leo McCarey
El Norte (film)	director	Gregory Nava
The Fall of the House of Usher (1928 American film)	director	James Sibley Watson
The Fall of the House of Usher (1928 American film)	director	Melville Webber
Fatty's Tintype Tangle	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Five Easy Pieces	director	Bob Rafelson
The Exploits of Elaine	director	Louis J. Gasnier
The Exploits of Elaine	director	George B. Seitz
The Exploits of Elaine	director	Leopold Wharton
Force of Evil	director	Abraham Polonsky
Flash Gordon (serial)	director	Frederick Stephani
Flash Gordon (serial)	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Frank Film	director	Frank Mouris
Footlight Parade	director	Lloyd Bacon
Frankenstein (1931 film)	director	James Whale
Freaks	director	Tod Browning
From the Manger to the Cross	director	Sidney Olcott
Fury (film)	director	Fritz Lang
Fantasia (film)	director	Fantasia (film)#Credits
The Forgotten Frontier	director	Marvin Breckinridge Patterson
Man Bites Dog (film)	director	Rémy Belvaux
Man Bites Dog (film)	director	André Bonzel
Man Bites Dog (film)	director	Benoît Poelvoorde
The Cruise (film)	director	Marek Piwowski
Gertie the Dinosaur	director	Winsor McCay
The Gold Rush	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Godfather Part II	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Grass (1925 film)	director	Merian C. Cooper
Grass (1925 film)	director	Ernest B. Schoedsack
The Great Train Robbery (film)	director	Edwin Stanton Porter
Greed (film)	director	Erich von Stroheim
Gun Crazy	director	Joseph H. Lewis
Mario Kart 64	director	Hideki Konno
The Heiress	director	William Wyler
Hell's Hinges	director	William S. Hart
High School (1968 film)	director	Frederick Wiseman
High Noon	director	Fred Zinnemann
His Girl Friday	director	Howard Hawks
The Hitch-Hiker	director	Ida Lupino
The Mexican	director	Gore Verbinski
Hoosiers	director	David Anspaugh
The Hospital	director	Arthur Hiller
How the West Was Won (film)	director	John Ford
How the West Was Won (film)	director	Henry Hathaway
How the West Was Won (film)	director	George Marshall (director)
How the West Was Won (film)	director	Richard Thorpe
The Immigrant	director	Charlie Chaplin
Invasion of the Body Snatchers	director	Don Siegel
In the Land of the Head Hunters	director	Edward S. Curtis
Brazil (film)	director	Terry Gilliam
Rear Window	director	Alfred Hitchcock
The Italian (1915 film)	director	Reginald Barker
Jazz on a Summer's Day	director	Bert Stern and Aram Avakian
Jaws (film)	director	Steven Spielberg
Killer of Sheep	director	Charles Burnett (director)
King: A Filmed Record... Montgomery to Memphis	director	Sidney Lumet
Knute Rockne, All American	director	Lloyd Bacon
The Lady Eve	director	Preston Sturges
The Land Beyond the Sunset	director	Harold M. Shaw
The Last of the Mohicans (1920 American film)	director	Maurice Tourneur
The Last of the Mohicans (1920 American film)	director	Clarence Brown
Lassie Come Home	director	Fred M. Wilcox
The Learning Tree	director	Gordon Parks
The Last Picture Show	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Laura (1944 film)	director	Otto Preminger
The Life and Times of Rosie the Riveter	director	Connie Field
The Life and Death of 9413: a Hollywood Extra	director	Robert Florey
The Life and Death of 9413: a Hollywood Extra	director	Slavko Vorkapić
Little Fugitive	director	Raymond Abrashkin
Little Fugitive	director	Morris Engel
Little Fugitive	director	Ruth Orkin
Louisiana Story	director	Robert J. Flaherty
Little Miss Marker	director	Alexander Hall
The Living Desert	director	James Algar
Love Me Tonight	director	Rouben Mamoulian
Love Finds Andy Hardy	director	George B. Seitz
Manhattan (film)	director	Woody Allen
Manhatta	director	Charles Sheeler
Manhatta	director	Paul Strand
Meshes of the Afternoon	director	Maya Deren
Meshes of the Afternoon	director	Alexandr Hackenschmied
Meet Me in St. Louis	director	Vincente Minnelli
The Miracle of Morgan's Creek	director	Preston Sturges
Modern Times (film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Morocco (1930 film)	director	Josef von Sternberg
The Music Box	director	James Parrott
My Darling Clementine	director	John Ford
My Man Godfrey	director	Gregory La Cava
Suspicion (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
K Foundation Burn a Million Quid	director	Alan Goodrick (Gimpo)
Spaceballs	director	Mel Brooks
The Naked Spur	director	Anthony Mann
Nashville (film)	director	Robert Altman
A Night at the Opera (film)	director	Sam Wood
The Night of the Hunter (film)	director	Charles Laughton
National Lampoon's Animal House	director	John Landis
Out of the Past	director	Jacques Tourneur
The Ox-Bow Incident	director	William A. Wellman
The Outlaw Josey Wales	director	Clint Eastwood
Z (film)	director	Costa-Gavras
Dangerous Liaisons	director	Stephen Frears
Ran (film)	director	Akira Kurosawa
The Poor Little Rich Girl	director	Maurice Tourneur
The Plow That Broke the Plains	director	Pare Lorentz
Powers of Ten	director	Charles and Ray Eames
President McKinley Inauguration Footage	director	Thomas Edison
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	director	Robert Zemeckis
Who Framed Roger Rabbit	director	Richard Williams (animator)
The Producers (1968 film)	director	Mel Brooks
The Public Enemy	director	William A. Wellman
Rebel Without a Cause	director	Nicholas Ray
Regeneration (1915 film)	director	Raoul Walsh
Red River (1948 film)	director	Howard Hawks
Red River (1948 film)	director	Arthur Rosson
The River (1938 film)	director	Pare Lorentz
Ride the High Country	director	Sam Peckinpah
Return of the Secaucus 7	director	John Sayles
Road to Morocco	director	David Butler (director)
Roman Holiday	director	William Wyler
Safety Last!	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Safety Last!	director	Sam Taylor (director)
Salesman (film)	director	Albert and David Maysles
Salesman (film)	director	Albert and David Maysles
Salesman (film)	director	Charlotte Zwerin
Salomé (1923 film)	director	Charles Bryant (actor)
Salt of the Earth	director	Herbert Biberman
Scarface (1932 film)	director	Howard Hawks
Scarface (1932 film)	director	Richard Rosson (filmmaker)
The Searchers (film)	director	John Ford
Shadow of a Doubt	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Shadows (1959 film)	director	John Cassavetes
Sherlock, Jr.	director	Buster Keaton
Shaft (1971 film)	director	Gordon Parks
Sherman's March (1986 film)	director	Ross McElwee
Shock Corridor	director	Samuel Fuller
Sky High (1922 film)	director	Lynn Reynolds
The Shop Around the Corner	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Shane (film)	director	George Stevens
Some Like It Hot	director	Billy Wilder
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937 film)	director	David Hand (animator)
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937 film)	director	Wilfred Jackson
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937 film)	director	Larry Morey
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937 film)	director	Ben Sharpsteen
Sweet Smell of Success	director	Alexander Mackendrick
Tabu (film)	director	F. W. Murnau
The Tall T	director	Budd Boetticher
Sunset Boulevard (film)	director	Billy Wilder
The Thief of Bagdad (1924 film)	director	Raoul Walsh
The Thing from Another World	director	Howard Hawks
The Thing from Another World	director	Christian Nyby
The Ten Commandments (1956 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
To Be or Not to Be (1942 film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Tootsie	director	Sydney Pollack
Verbena Tragica	director	Charles Lamont
Trouble in Paradise (film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Twelve O'Clock High	director	Henry King (director)
The Transformers: The Movie	director	Nelson Shin
Vertigo (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Where Are My Children?	director	Phillips Smalley
Where Are My Children?	director	Lois Weber
Saludos Amigos	director	Norman Ferguson
Saludos Amigos	director	Wilfred Jackson
Saludos Amigos	director	Jack Kinney
Saludos Amigos	director	Hamilton Luske
Saludos Amigos	director	William Roberts (film director)
The Three Caballeros	director	Norman Ferguson
Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?	director	Frank Tashlin
The Wild Bunch	director	Sam Peckinpah
Within Our Gates	director	Oscar Micheaux
The Wind	director	Victor Sjöström
The Jetsons	director	William Hanna
The Jetsons	director	Joseph Barbera
Woman of the Year	director	George Stevens
A Woman Under the Influence	director	John Cassavetes
Yankee Doodle Dandy	director	Michael Curtiz
Dial M for Murder	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Boxing Helena	director	Jennifer Lynch
Blossoms in the Dust	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Here Comes Mr. Jordan	director	Alexander Hall
One Foot in Heaven	director	Irving Rapper
Hold Back the Dawn	director	Mitchell Leisen
Sergeant York	director	Howard Hawks
Kings Row	director	Sam Wood
The Pied Piper (1942 film)	director	Irving Pichel
The Pride of the Yankees	director	Sam Wood
The Talk of the Town (1942 film)	director	George Stevens
Random Harvest (film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Wake Island (film)	director	John Farrow
Heaven Can Wait (1943 film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Madame Curie (film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
In Which We Serve	director	Noël Coward
In Which We Serve	director	David Lean
The More the Merrier	director	George Stevens
Watch on the Rhine	director	Herman Shumlin
The Song of Bernadette (film)	director	Henry King (director)
Since You Went Away	director	John Cromwell (director)
Wayne's World (film)	director	Penelope Spheeris
Hans Christian Andersen (film)	director	Charles Vidor
The Battleship Potemkin	director	Sergei Eisenstein
Mary Poppins (film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
The Sopranos	director	Tim Van Patten
The Sopranos	director	John Patterson (director)
The Sopranos	director	Allen Coulter
The Sopranos	director	Alan Taylor (director)
The Sopranos	director	List of The Sopranos writers and directors#Directing staff
Raise the Red Lantern	director	Zhang Yimou
Anchors Aweigh (film)	director	George Sidney
The Bells of St. Mary's	director	Leo McCarey
Bachelor Mother	director	Garson Kanin
Johnny Mnemonic (film)	director	Robert Longo
Spellbound (1945 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Henry V (1944 film)	director	Laurence Olivier
The Yearling (film)	director	Clarence Brown
The Bishop's Wife	director	Henry Koster
Miracle on 34th Street	director	George Seaton
Johnny Belinda (1948 film)	director	Jean Negulesco
The Snake Pit	director	Anatole Litvak
Hamlet (1948 film)	director	Laurence Olivier
Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis	director	Hal Barwood
Battleground (film)	director	William A. Wellman
A Letter to Three Wives	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Father of the Bride (1950 film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Rio Bravo (film)	director	Howard Hawks
Super Mario World	director	Takashi Tezuka
Luigi's Mansion	director	Hideki Konno
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom	director	Steven Spielberg
Dirty Weekend (1993 film)	director	Michael Winner
Nosferatu	director	F. W. Murnau
École centrale de Nantes	director	Patrick Chedmail
Dad (TV series)	director	Nick Wood
Pumping Iron	director	Robert Fiore
Pumping Iron	director	George Butler (filmmaker)
Yoshi's Story	director	Hideki Konno
Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island	director	Takashi Tezuka
Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island	director	Shigefumi Hino
Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island	director	Hideki Konno
Decision Before Dawn	director	Anatole Litvak
Witness (1985 film)	director	Peter Weir
The Craft (film)	director	Andrew Fleming
Thundarr the Barbarian	director	Charles August Nichols
Thundarr the Barbarian	director	Rudy Larriva
Stand by Me (film)	director	Rob Reiner
Shakespeare in Love	director	John Madden (director)
Ferris Bueller's Day Off	director	John Hughes (filmmaker)
Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars	director	Chihiro Fujioka
Fraggle Rock	director	Jim Henson
Fraggle Rock	director	Richard Hunt (puppeteer)
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home	director	Leonard Nimoy
China O'Brien	director	Robert Clouse
Dodge City (1939 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
A Bridge Too Far (film)	director	Richard Attenborough
Practical Magic	director	Griffin Dunne
A Better Tomorrow	director	John Woo
David Cassidy: Man Under Cover	director	Virgil W. Vogel
Murder Most Horrid	director	Bob Spiers
The Goonies	director	Richard Donner
Out of Africa (film)	director	Sydney Pollack
The 13th Warrior	director	John McTiernan
Are You Being Served?	director	David Croft (TV producer)
Are You Being Served?	director	Bernard Thompson (director)
Are You Being Served?	director	Harold Snoad
Are You Being Served?	director	Ray Butt
Are You Being Served?	director	Gordon Elsbury
Are You Being Served?	director	John Kilby
Are You Being Served?	director	Martin Shardlow
Flirting with Disaster (film)	director	David O. Russell
Vibes (film)	director	Ken Kwapis
The Karate Kid	director	John G. Avildsen
Three Coins in the Fountain (film)	director	Jean Negulesco
Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing (film)	director	Henry King (director)
Picnic (1955 film)	director	Joshua Logan
Friendly Persuasion (film)	director	William Wyler
Giant (1956 film)	director	George Stevens
Sayonara	director	Joshua Logan
12 Angry Men (1957 film)	director	Sidney Lumet
Witness for the Prosecution (1957 film)	director	Billy Wilder
The Defiant Ones	director	Stanley Kramer
Room at the Top	director	Jack Clayton
Anatomy of a Murder	director	Otto Preminger
The Sundowners	director	Fred Zinnemann
Heaven's Gate (film)	director	Michael Cimino
Judgment at Nuremberg	director	Stanley Kramer
Wag the Dog	director	Barry Levinson
As Time Goes By (TV series)	director	Sydney Lotterby
Cruel Intentions	director	Roger Kumble
Showgirls	director	Paul Verhoeven
The Tigger Movie	director	Jun Falkenstein
The Tigger Movie	director	Terry Shakespeare
Office Space	director	Mike Judge
The Last Stage	director	Wanda Jakubowska
Blow (film)	director	Ted Demme
Victoria and Albert Museum	director	Mark Jones (museum director)
Die Hard	director	John McTiernan
Tom Jones (film)	director	Tony Richardson
Lilies of the Field (1963 film)	director	Ralph Nelson
Darling (film)	director	John Schlesinger
Doctor Zhivago (film)	director	David Lean
A Thousand Clowns	director	Fred Coe
The Swan (film)	director	Charles Vidor
Roger & Me	director	Michael Moore
Alfie (1966 film)	director	Lewis Gilbert
The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming	director	Norman Jewison
The Sand Pebbles (film)	director	Robert Wise
National Gallery	director	Nicholas Penny
Dogma (film)	director	Kevin Smith
Doctor Dolittle (film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Rachel, Rachel	director	Paul Newman
Romeo and Juliet (1968 film)	director	Franco Zeffirelli
Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid	director	George Roy Hill
Speed (1994 film)	director	Jan de Bont
Pearl Harbor (film)	director	Michael Bay
Dallas (TV series)	director	Irving J. Moore
Airport (1970 film)	director	George Seaton
Patton (film)	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
Nicholas and Alexandra	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
The French Connection (film)	director	William Friedkin
This Is Spinal Tap	director	Rob Reiner
Cabin Boy	director	Adam Resnick
Una Aventura Llamada Menudo	director	Orestes Trucco
Super Mario 64	director	Shigeru Miyamoto
Hudson Hawk	director	Michael Lehmann
Super Mario Land 2: 6 Golden Coins	director	Hiroji Kiyotake
John Q	director	Nick Cassavetes
Party Girl (1995 film)	director	Daisy von Scherler Mayer
Hamlet (1996 film)	director	Kenneth Branagh
Hamlet (1990 film)	director	Franco Zeffirelli
Hamlet (2000 film)	director	Michael Almereyda
Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back	director	Kevin Smith
When Father Was Away on Business	director	Emir Kusturica
Naqoyqatsi	director	Godfrey Reggio
The Family Man	director	Brett Ratner
Deliverance	director	John Boorman
The Emigrants (film)	director	Jan Troell
A Touch of Class (film)	director	Melvin Frank
Dog Day Afternoon	director	Sidney Lumet
Bound for Glory (film)	director	Hal Ashby
The Towering Inferno	director	John Guillermin
The Towering Inferno	director	Irwin Allen
Network (film)	director	Sidney Lumet
The Goodbye Girl	director	Herbert Ross
The English Patient (film)	director	Anthony Minghella
The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser	director	Werner Herzog
That Thing You Do!	director	Tom Hanks
Four on the Floor	director	David Acomba
Throne of Blood	director	Akira Kurosawa
Coming Home (film)	director	Hal Ashby
Heaven Can Wait (1978 film)	director	Warren Beatty
Heaven Can Wait (1978 film)	director	Buck Henry
An Unmarried Woman	director	Paul Mazursky
Midnight Express (film)	director	Alan Parker
Kramer vs. Kramer	director	Robert Benton
Breaking Away	director	Peter Yates
Norma Rae	director	Martin Ritt
Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid	director	Carl Reiner
Where Is Everybody?	director	Robert Stevens (director)
One for the Angels	director	Robert Parrish
Mr. Denton on Doomsday	director	Allen Reisner
Escape Clause	director	Mitchell Leisen
Walking Distance	director	Robert Stevens (director)
The Sixteen-Millimeter Shrine	director	Mitchell Leisen
Perchance to Dream (The Twilight Zone)	director	Robert Florey
The Lonely (The Twilight Zone)	director	Jack Smight
Time Enough at Last	director	John Brahm
Things to Come	director	William Cameron Menzies
Man on the Moon (film)	director	Miloš Forman
Rocky IV	director	Sylvester Stallone
Undressed	director	Roland Joffé
Judgment Night	director	John Brahm
And When the Sky Was Opened	director	Douglas Heyes
What You Need	director	Alvin Ganzer
The Four of Us Are Dying	director	John Brahm
Third from the Sun	director	Richard L. Bare
Class of Nuke 'Em High	director	Richard W. Haines
Class of Nuke 'Em High	director	Michael Herz (producer)
Class of Nuke 'Em High	director	Lloyd Kaufman
The Toxic Avenger	director	Lloyd Kaufman
The Toxic Avenger	director	Michael Herz (producer)
Tromeo and Juliet	director	Lloyd Kaufman
Tromeo and Juliet	director	James Gunn (filmmaker)
Trainspotting (film)	director	Danny Boyle
Clueless (film)	director	Amy Heckerling
Death Becomes Her	director	Robert Zemeckis
Thelma & Louise	director	Ridley Scott
What Women Want	director	Nancy Meyers
Black Hawk Down (film)	director	Ridley Scott
Coal Miner's Daughter	director	Michael Apted
Ordinary People	director	Robert Redford
The Elephant Man (film)	director	David Lynch
Atlantic City (1980 film)	director	Louis Malle
Missing (film)	director	Costa-Gavras
The Verdict	director	Sidney Lumet
Oz (TV series)	director	Adam Bernstein
Stand and Deliver	director	Ramon Menendez
A Charlie Brown Christmas	director	Bill Melendez
I Shot an Arrow into the Air	director	Stuart Rosenberg
The Hitch-Hiker (The Twilight Zone)	director	Alvin Ganzer
The Fever (The Twilight Zone)	director	Robert Florey
Terms of Endearment	director	James L. Brooks
The Dresser	director	Peter Yates
The Right Stuff (film)	director	Philip Kaufman
Places in the Heart	director	Robert Benton
A Soldier's Story	director	Norman Jewison
Tender Mercies	director	Bruce Beresford
Kiss of the Spider Woman (film)	director	Héctor Babenco
Prizzi's Honor	director	John Huston
Children of a Lesser God	director	Randa Haines
Hannah and Her Sisters	director	Woody Allen
Platoon (film)	director	Oliver Stone
Scream (film)	director	Wes Craven
Dead Man	director	Jim Jarmusch
Topkapi (film)	director	Jules Dassin
Uranus (1990 film)	director	Claude Berri
Uranus (1990 film)	director	Arlette Langmann
The Matrix Reloaded	director	The Wachowskis
The Matrix Reloaded	director	The Wachowskis
Fail-Safe (1964 film)	director	Sidney Lumet
Jailhouse Rock (film)	director	Richard Thorpe
The Last Emperor	director	Bernardo Bertolucci
Broadcast News (film)	director	James L. Brooks
Fatal Attraction	director	Adrian Lyne
Hope and Glory (film)	director	John Boorman
Moonstruck	director	Norman Jewison
Rain Man	director	Barry Levinson
Mississippi Burning	director	Alan Parker
Working Girl	director	Mike Nichols
Dead Poets Society	director	Peter Weir
Field of Dreams	director	Phil Alden Robinson
My Left Foot (film)	director	Jim Sheridan
Dances with Wolves	director	Kevin Costner
Awakenings	director	Penny Marshall
Ghost (film)	director	Jerry Zucker (film director)
The Godfather Part III	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Beauty and the Beast (1991 film)	director	Gary Trousdale
Beauty and the Beast (1991 film)	director	Kirk Wise
Bugsy	director	Barry Levinson
The Prince of Tides	director	Barbra Streisand
Unforgiven	director	Clint Eastwood
Howards End (film)	director	James Ivory (director)
Scent of a Woman	director	Martin Brest
Thunder Road	director	Arthur Ripley
In the Name of the Father (film)	director	Jim Sheridan
The Piano	director	Jane Campion
Super Mario Bros. 2	director	Kensuke Tanabe
Super Mario Bros. 2  Yume Kōjō: Doki Doki Panic   1	director	Kensuke Tanabe
Minority Report (film)	director	Steven Spielberg
Top Cat	director	William Hanna
Top Cat	director	Joseph Barbera
A.I. Artificial Intelligence	director	Steven Spielberg
The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension	director	W. D. Richter
Groundhog Day (film)	director	Harold Ramis
Quiz Show	director	Robert Redford
Apollo 13 (film)	director	Ron Howard
Il Postino	director	Michael Radford
Sense and Sensibility (film)	director	Ang Lee
Babe (film)	director	Chris Noonan
Jerry Maguire	director	Cameron Crowe
Fargo (film)	director	Coen brothers
Shine (film)	director	Scott Hicks
The Full Monty	director	Peter Cattaneo
L.A. Confidential (film)	director	Curtis Hanson
Elizabeth (film)	director	Shekhar Kapur
As Good as It Gets	director	James L. Brooks
Life Is Beautiful	director	Roberto Benigni
Good Will Hunting	director	Gus Van Sant
The Insider (film)	director	Michael Mann (director)
Cries and Whispers	director	Ingmar Bergman
Gosford Park	director	Robert Altman
The Thin Red Line (1998 film)	director	Terrence Malick
Moulin Rouge!	director	Baz Luhrmann
Braindead (film)	director	Peter Jackson
The Patent Leather Kid	director	Alfred Santell
Thunderbolt (1929 film)	director	Josef von Sternberg
The Circus (film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Green Goddess (1930 film)	director	Alfred E. Green
The Big Pond	director	Hobart Henley
Bulldog Drummond (1929 film)	director	F. Richard Jones
Condemned (film)	director	Wesley Ruggles
The Rogue Song	director	Lionel Barrymore
Thunderbolt (1910 film)	director	John Gavin (director)
The Story of the Kelly Gang	director	Charles Tait (film director)
Santa Claus Conquers the Martians	director	Nicholas Webster
Mrs. Brown	director	John Madden (director)
Three to Tango	director	Damon Santostefano
The Fifth Element	director	Luc Besson
Fools Rush In (1997 film)	director	Andy Tennant
The Boys from Brazil (film)	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
SpaceCamp	director	Harry Winer
Alphaville (film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Conspiracy Theory (film)	director	Richard Donner
EarthBound	director	Shigesato Itoi
The Santa Clause	director	John Pasquin
After the Thin Man	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Another Thin Man	director	W. S. Van Dyke
A Free Soul	director	Clarence Brown
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1931 film)	director	Rouben Mamoulian
The Royal Family of Broadway	director	George Cukor
The Royal Family of Broadway	director	Cyril Gardner
Shadow of the Thin Man	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Song of the Thin Man	director	Edward Buzzell
The Thin Man Goes Home	director	Richard Thorpe
Battle of the Planets	director	Alan Dinehart
The Last Flight (The Twilight Zone)	director	William Claxton
The Affairs of Cellini	director	Gregory La Cava
Star Trek V: The Final Frontier	director	William Shatner
The Umbrellas of Cherbourg	director	Jacques Demy
The Purple Testament	director	Richard L. Bare
Mirror Image (The Twilight Zone)	director	John Brahm
Elegy (The Twilight Zone)	director	Douglas Heyes
The Monsters Are Due on Maple Street	director	Ronald Winston
Long Live Walter Jameson	director	Tony Leader
A World of Difference	director	Ted Post
The Face Behind the Mask (1941 film)	director	Robert Florey
The Face Behind the Mask (1941 film)	director	Wallace MacDonald
Angels with Dirty Faces	director	Michael Curtiz
Penny Serenade	director	George Stevens
Abe Lincoln in Illinois (film)	director	John Cromwell (director)
The Gospel According to St. Matthew (film)	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
None but the Lonely Heart (film)	director	Clifford Odets
Bowling for Columbine	director	Michael Moore
28 Days Later	director	Danny Boyle
The Dove (1927 film)	director	Roland West
Empire of the Sun (film)	director	Steven Spielberg
People Are Alike All Over	director	Mitchell Leisen
Execution (The Twilight Zone)	director	David Orrick McDearmon
The Big Tall Wish	director	Ron Winston
A Nice Place to Visit	director	John Brahm
A Stop at Willoughby	director	Robert Parrish
The Chaser (The Twilight Zone)	director	Douglas Heyes
A Passage for Trumpet	director	Don Medford
Mr. Bevis	director	William Asher
The After Hours	director	Douglas Heyes
The Mighty Casey	director	Robert Parrish
The Mighty Casey	director	Alvin Ganzer
A World of His Own	director	Ralph Nelson
Close Encounters of the Third Kind	director	Steven Spielberg
Darby O'Gill and the Little People	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Scarlet Street	director	Fritz Lang
Spider-Man (film)	director	Sam Raimi
Shoah (film)	director	Claude Lanzmann
Spaced	director	Edgar Wright
The Bounty	director	Roger Donaldson
Wayne's World 2	director	Stephen Surjik
Lost in Space	director	Irwin Allen
Lost in Space	director	Harry Harris (director)
Lost in Space	director	Nathan H. Juran
Lost in Space	director	Sobey Martin
Lost in Space	director	Leo Penn
Lost in Space	director	Seymour Robbie
Lost in Space	director	Alexander Singer
Lost in Space	director	Ezra Stone
Rocky II	director	Sylvester Stallone
Super Mario Sunshine	director	Yoshiaki Koizumi
A Night at the Roxbury	director	John Fortenberry
A Song to Remember	director	Charles Vidor
The Jolson Story	director	Alfred E. Green
A Double Life	director	George Cukor
The Search	director	Fred Zinnemann
Zardoz	director	John Boorman
Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery	director	Jay Roach
Austin Powers in Goldmember	director	Jay Roach
Donovan's Reef	director	John Ford
Film (film)	director	Alan Schneider
Beneath the Planet of the Apes	director	Ted Post
Rocky III	director	Sylvester Stallone
Ed Grimley	director	Jim Drake (director)
Nervous Man in a Four Dollar Room	director	Douglas Heyes
King Nine Will Not Return	director	Buzz Kulik
The Man in the Bottle	director	Don Medford
A Thing About Machines	director	David Orrick McDearmon
The Eye of the Beholder	director	Douglas Heyes
The Howling Man	director	Douglas Heyes
Les Diaboliques (film)	director	Henri-Georges Clouzot
Science Museum (London)	director	Chris Rapley
Nick of Time (The Twilight Zone)	director	Richard L. Bare
It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
The Trouble with Templeton	director	Buzz Kulik
The Lateness of the Hour	director	Jack Smight
A Most Unusual Camera	director	John Rich (director)
Back There	director	David Orrick McDearmon
The Invaders (The Twilight Zone)	director	Douglas Heyes
A Penny for Your Thoughts	director	James Sheldon
Dust (The Twilight Zone)	director	Douglas Heyes
The Whole Truth (The Twilight Zone)	director	James Sheldon
The Night of the Meek	director	Jack Smight
The Odyssey of Flight 33	director	Jus Addiss
Twenty Two (The Twilight Zone)	director	Jack Smight
Mr. Dingle, the Strong	director	John Brahm
The Prime Mover	director	Richard L. Bare
Long Distance Call	director	James Sheldon
A Hundred Yards Over the Rim	director	Buzz Kulik
Static (The Twilight Zone)	director	Buzz Kulik
Chocobo Racing	director	Takashi Tokita
The Rip Van Winkle Caper	director	Jus Addiss
The Mind and the Matter	director	Buzz Kulik
Shadow Play (1961 The Twilight Zone episode)	director	John Brahm
The Obsolete Man	director	Elliot Silverstein
Will the Real Martian Please Stand Up?	director	Montgomery Pittman
Iron Eagle	director	Sidney J. Furie
Donkey Kong Country	director	Tim and Chris Stamper
Donkey Kong Country 3: Dixie Kong's Double Trouble!	director	Tim and Chris Stamper
Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest	director	Tim and Chris Stamper
Super Mario Land	director	Satoru Okada
Rocky V	director	John G. Avildsen
Family Feud	director	Paul Alter
Family Feud	director	Marc Breslow
Blue (1993 film)	director	Derek Jarman
Super Smash Bros.	director	Masahiro Sakurai
Three Colors: Blue	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Sitting Pretty (1948 film)	director	Walter Lang
The Hasty Heart	director	Vincent Sherman
Sands of Iwo Jima	director	Allan Dwan
Quo Vadis (1951 film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Ocean's 11 (1960 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Three Colors: White	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Heavy Metal (film)	director	Gerald Potterton
Blue (2001 film)	director	Hiroshi Ando
Van Gogh Museum	director	Axel Rüger
A Goofy Movie	director	Kevin Lima
An Extremely Goofy Movie	director	Ian Harrowell
An Extremely Goofy Movie	director	Douglas McCarthy
Time After Time (1979 film)	director	Nicholas Meyer
Boyz n the Hood	director	John Singleton
Two (The Twilight Zone)	director	Montgomery Pittman
The Arrival (The Twilight Zone)	director	Boris Sagal
Baby Boy (film)	director	John Singleton
A Game of Pool (1961)	director	Buzz Kulik
The Passersby	director	Elliot Silverstein
The Magnificent Yankee (1950 film)	director	John Sturges
Bright Victory	director	Mark Robson
Viva Zapata!	director	Elia Kazan
The Bad and the Beautiful	director	Vincente Minnelli
Stalag 17	director	Billy Wilder
Die Another Day	director	Lee Tamahori
The Lavender Hill Mob	director	Charles Crichton
Pretty Woman	director	Garry Marshall
Star Trek Nemesis	director	Stuart Baird
Last Year at Marienbad	director	Alain Resnais
Time Bandits	director	Terry Gilliam
Star Trek: Insurrection	director	Jonathan Frakes
Diamonds Are Forever (film)	director	Guy Hamilton
The Dick Van Dyke Show	director	Sheldon Leonard
The Dick Van Dyke Show	director	John Rich
The Dick Van Dyke Show	director	Jerry Paris
The Dick Van Dyke Show	director	Howard Morris
The Dick Van Dyke Show	director	Alan Rafkin
Aguirre, the Wrath of God	director	Werner Herzog
Two-Way Stretch	director	Robert Day (director)
You've Got Mail	director	Nora Ephron
City of Angels (film)	director	Brad Silberling
The Negotiator	director	F. Gary Gray
Max Keeble's Big Move	director	Tim Hill
High Fidelity (film)	director	Stephen Frears
Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country	director	Nicholas Meyer
Un Chien Andalou	director	Luis Buñuel
Love Me or Leave Me (film)	director	Charles Vidor
Bad Day at Black Rock	director	John Sturges
The Man with the Golden Arm	director	Otto Preminger
Lust for Life (film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Lust for Life (film)	director	George Cukor
A Hatful of Rain	director	Fred Zinnemann
Wild Is the Wind	director	George Cukor
The Last Angry Man	director	Daniel Mann
The Mark (film)	director	Guy Green (filmmaker)
Days of Wine and Roses (film)	director	Blake Edwards
Divorce, Italian Style	director	Pietro Germi
This Sporting Life	director	Lindsay Anderson
Hud (film)	director	Martin Ritt
Cat Ballou	director	Elliot Silverstein
Cool Hand Luke	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Charly	director	Ralph Nelson
True Grit (1969 film)	director	Henry Hathaway
I Never Sang for My Father	director	Gilbert Cates
Kotch	director	Jack Lemmon
Zéro de conduite	director	Jean Vigo
A Shock to the System	director	Jan Egleson
Batman Fights Dracula	director	Leody M. Diaz
Batman Dracula	director	Andy Warhol
The Jerky Boys: The Movie	director	James Melkonian
The Hostage (film)	director	Russell S. Doughten
Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em	director	Sydney Lotterby
American Movie	director	Chris Smith (filmmaker)
Sleuth (1972 film)	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
The Ruling Class	director	Peter Medak
Ronin (film)	director	John Frankenheimer
Julia (1977 film)	director	Fred Zinnemann
Julia (TV series)	director	Don Ameche
Julia (TV series)	director	Fletcher Markle
Julia (TV series)	director	Barry Shear
Julia (TV series)	director	Ezra Stone
Save the Tiger	director	John G. Avildsen
Last Tango in Paris	director	Bernardo Bertolucci
The Last Detail	director	Hal Ashby
Serpico	director	Sidney Lumet
Harry and Tonto	director	Paul Mazursky
The Man in the Glass Booth	director	Arthur Hiller
Give 'em Hell, Harry!	director	Steve Binder
Give 'em Hell, Harry!	director	Peter H. Hunt
Seven Beauties	director	Lina Wertmüller
A Special Day	director	Ettore Scola
The League of Gentlemen	director	Steve Bendelack
Percy (1971 film)	director	Ralph Thomas
Heavenly Creatures	director	Peter Jackson
Le Prix du Danger	director	Yves Boisset
The Mirror (The Twilight Zone)	director	Don Medford
The Grave (The Twilight Zone)	director	Montgomery Pittman
It's a Good Life (The Twilight Zone)	director	James Sheldon
Deaths-Head Revisited	director	Don Medford
Still Valley	director	James Sheldon
The Buddy Holly Story	director	Steve Rash
The China Syndrome	director	James Bridges
Being There	director	Hal Ashby
...And Justice for All (film)	director	Norman Jewison
The Great Santini	director	Lewis John Carlino
The Stunt Man	director	Richard Rush (director)
Arthur (1981 film)	director	Steve Gordon (director)
Absence of Malice	director	Sydney Pollack
The Adventures of Baron Munchausen	director	Terry Gilliam
Love and Kisses (film)	director	Ozzie Nelson
Reign of Fire (film)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Lilo & Stitch	director	Chris Sanders (director)
Lilo & Stitch	director	Dean DeBlois
Desk Set	director	Walter Lang
Hercules (1997 film)	director	Ron Clements
Hercules (1997 film)	director	John Musker
All My Babies	director	George C. Stoney
The Black Stallion (film)	director	Carroll Ballard
The Endless Summer	director	Bruce Brown
Melody Ranch	director	Joseph Santley
Star Theatre (film)	director	F.S. Armitage
Punch Drunks	director	Lou Breslow
Stranger Than Paradise	director	Jim Jarmusch
Why Man Creates	director	Saul Bass
This Is Cinerama	director	Merian C. Cooper
Wild River (film)	director	Elia Kazan
Wild and Woolly	director	John Emerson (filmmaker)
A Close Shave	director	Nick Park
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time	director	Shigeru Miyamoto
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time	director	Eiji Aonuma
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time	director	Yoshiaki Koizumi
Queer as Folk (UK TV series)	director	Charles McDougall
Queer as Folk (UK TV series)	director	Menhaj Huda
Presque rien	director	Sébastien Lifshitz
Beautiful Thing	director	Hettie MacDonald
In & Out	director	Frank Oz
The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past	director	Takashi Tezuka
The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask	director	Eiji Aonuma
The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask	director	Yoshiaki Koizumi
The World Is Not Enough	director	Michael Apted
Victim (film)	director	Basil Dearden
Air Farce Live	director	Perry Rosemond
Spartacus (film)	director	Stanley Kubrick
Spartacus (film)	director	Anthony Mann
A Canterbury Tale	director	Michael Powell (director)
A Canterbury Tale	director	Emeric Pressburger
Men in Black (film)	director	Barry Sonnenfeld
P.S. Your Cat Is Dead	director	Steve Guttenberg
Lady Caroline Lamb (film)	director	Robert Bolt
Jungle Fever	director	Spike Lee
The Usual Suspects	director	Bryan Singer
Like Mike	director	John Schultz (director)
My Favorite Year	director	Richard Benjamin
Reuben, Reuben	director	Robert Ellis Miller
Starman (film)	director	John Carpenter
Murphy's Romance	director	Martin Ritt
Runaway Train (film)	director	Andrei Konchalovsky
The Color of Money	director	Martin Scorsese
Round Midnight (film)	director	Bertrand Tavernier
Mona Lisa (film)	director	Neil Jordan
Salvador (film)	director	Oliver Stone
Dark Eyes (film)	director	Nikita Mikhalkov
Big	director	Penny Marshall
Good Morning, Vietnam	director	Barry Levinson
Flashdance	director	Adrian Lyne
Truly, Madly, Deeply	director	Anthony Minghella
Nuns on the Run	director	Jonathan Lynn
Billy Elliot	director	Stephen Daldry
Friday the 13th (1980 film)	director	Sean S. Cunningham
Russian Ark	director	Alexander Sokurov
The Atomic Cafe	director	Jayne Loader
The Atomic Cafe	director	Kevin Rafferty
The Atomic Cafe	director	Pierce Rafferty
Friday (film)	director	F. Gary Gray
Kalakshetra	director	Leela Samson
It's Magic, Charlie Brown	director	Phil Roman
Old Enough	director	Marisa Silver
The Dam Busters (film)	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Forgotten Silver	director	Peter Jackson
Forgotten Silver	director	Costa Botes
The Osbournes	director	C. B. Harding
The Hudsucker Proxy	director	Coen brothers
Harvey (film)	director	Henry Koster
Pelle the Conqueror	director	Bille August
Reversal of Fortune	director	Barbet Schroeder
Henry V (1989 film)	director	Kenneth Branagh
Cape Fear (1962 film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
Cape Fear (1991 film)	director	Martin Scorsese
Restoration (film)	director	Michael Hoffman (American director)
The Fisher King (film)	director	Terry Gilliam
Chaplin (film)	director	Richard Attenborough
The Madness of King George	director	Nicholas Hytner
Nobody's Fool (1994 film)	director	Robert Benton
What's Love Got to Do with It (film)	director	Brian Gibson (director)
Mr. Holland's Opus	director	Stephen Herek
Nixon (film)	director	Oliver Stone
Porco Rosso	director	Hayao Miyazaki
Sling Blade	director	Billy Bob Thornton
Ulee's Gold	director	Victor Nuñez
The People vs. Larry Flynt	director	Miloš Forman
The Apostle	director	Robert Duvall
Gods and Monsters	director	Bill Condon
Affliction (film)	director	Paul Schrader
American History X	director	Tony Kaye (director)
The Hurricane (1999 film)	director	Norman Jewison
Sweet and Lowdown	director	Woody Allen
Pollock (film)	director	Ed Harris
Quills	director	Philip Kaufman
Training Day	director	Antoine Fuqua
Ali (film)	director	Michael Mann (director)
Small Soldiers	director	Joe Dante
A Ship Comes In	director	William K. Howard
Street Angel (1928 film)	director	Frank Borzage
Sadie Thompson	director	Raoul Walsh
Coquette (film)	director	Sam Taylor (director)
The Barker	director	George Fitzmaurice
The Letter (1940 film)	director	William Wyler
The Letter (1929 film)	director	Jean de Limur
The Divine Lady	director	Frank Lloyd
Capricorn One	director	Peter Hyams
Dumbo	director	Ben Sharpsteen
Cobra (1986 film)	director	George P. Cosmatos
Kangaroo Jack	director	David McNally (director)
The Big Red One	director	Samuel Fuller
The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari	director	Robert Wiene
Keeping Up Appearances	director	Harold Snoad
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers	director	Peter Jackson
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring	director	Peter Jackson
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King	director	Peter Jackson
Oh! What a Lovely War	director	Richard Attenborough
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory	director	Mel Stuart
Sarah and Son	director	Dorothy Arzner
Man of Aran	director	Robert J. Flaherty
Hermitage Museum	director	Mikhail Piotrovsky
Get Carter	director	Mike Hodges
A Certain Sacrifice	director	Stephen Jon Lewicki
Joe Versus the Volcano	director	John Patrick Shanley
The Seventh Seal	director	Ingmar Bergman
Whale Rider	director	Niki Caro
ER (TV series)	director	Christopher Chulack
ER (TV series)	director	Jonathan Kaplan
ER (TV series)	director	Richard Thorpe
Romance (1930 film)	director	Clarence Brown
The Trespasser	director	Edmund Goulding
Their Own Desire	director	E. Mason Hopper
Min and Bill	director	George W. Hill
A Patch of Blue	director	Guy Green (filmmaker)
Holiday (1930 film)	director	Edward H. Griffith
The Sin of Madelon Claudet	director	Edgar Selwyn
Morning Glory (1933 film)	director	Lowell Sherman
Dangerous (film)	director	Alfred E. Green
Private Worlds	director	Gregory La Cava
The Dark Angel	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
Becky Sharp	director	Rouben Mamoulian
Labyrinth (film)	director	Jim Henson
Inside the Third Reich	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
Coupling (UK TV series)	director	Martin Dennis
The Jerk	director	Carl Reiner
Human Nature (film)	director	Michel Gondry
101 Dalmatians (1996 film)	director	Stephen Herek
One Hundred and One Dalmatians	director	Clyde Geronimi
One Hundred and One Dalmatians	director	Hamilton Luske
One Hundred and One Dalmatians	director	Wolfgang Reitherman
Top Gun	director	Tony Scott
The Huckleberry Hound Show	director	William Hanna
The Huckleberry Hound Show	director	Joseph Barbera
Moana (film)	director	Robert J. Flaherty
Sanjuro	director	Akira Kurosawa
Terry and the Pirates (TV series)	director	Lew Landers
The Animatrix	director	The Wachowskis
The Animatrix	director	Kōji Morimoto
The Animatrix	director	Shinichirō Watanabe
The Animatrix	director	Mahiro Maeda
The Animatrix	director	Peter Chung
The Animatrix	director	Yoshiaki Kawajiri
The Animatrix	director	Takeshi Koike
Ring (film)	director	Hideo Nakata
Theodora Goes Wild	director	Richard Boleslavsky
Valiant is the word for Carrie	director	Wesley Ruggles
White Banners	director	Edmund Goulding
Three Comrades (film)	director	Frank Borzage
Ball of Fire	director	Howard Hawks
Now, Voyager	director	Irving Rapper
The Great Escape (film)	director	John Sturges
Men Behaving Badly	director	Martin Dennis
Mrs. Parkington	director	Tay Garnett
Mr. Skeffington	director	Vincent Sherman
Love Letters (1945 film)	director	William Dieterle
The Valley of Decision	director	Tay Garnett
Leave Her to Heaven	director	John M. Stahl
Lady Jane (film)	director	Trevor Nunn
The Edge (1997 film)	director	Lee Tamahori
They Call Me Trinity	director	Enzo Barboni
Grave of the Fireflies	director	Isao Takahata
The Snowman	director	Dianne Jackson
The Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm Show	director	William Hanna
The Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm Show	director	Joseph Barbera
A.E.S. Hudson Street	director	Noam Pitlik
To Sir, with Love	director	James Clavell
The Duke (TV miniseries)	director	Lawrence Doheny
The Duke (TV miniseries)	director	Dana Elcar
The Skatebirds	director	Sidney Miller
Earth Girls Are Easy	director	Julien Temple
SLC Punk!	director	James Merendino
Hamam (film)	director	Ferzan Özpetek
Pink Narcissus	director	James Bidgood (filmmaker)
Querelle	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
The Hanging Garden	director	Thom Fitzgerald
Baraka (film)	director	Ron Fricke
The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour	director	Marty Pasetta
Duel in the Sun (film)	director	King Vidor
Duel in the Sun (film)	director	Otto Brower
Duel in the Sun (film)	director	William Dieterle
Duel in the Sun (film)	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
Duel in the Sun (film)	director	William Cameron Menzies
Duel in the Sun (film)	director	David O. Selznick
Duel in the Sun (film)	director	Josef von Sternberg
To Each His Own (film)	director	Mitchell Leisen
Sister Kenny	director	Dudley Nichols
Sister Kenny	director	Jack Gage (director)
The Farmer's Daughter (1947 film)	director	H. C. Potter
Possessed (1947 film)	director	Curtis Bernhardt
Smash-Up, the Story of a Woman	director	Stuart Heisler
I Remember Mama	director	George Stevens
Sorry, Wrong Number	director	Anatole Litvak
My Foolish Heart (film)	director	Mark Robson
Edward, My Son	director	George Cukor
Come to the Stable	director	Henry Koster
Paradise Lost 2: Revelations	director	Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky
Paradise Lost: The Child Murders at Robin Hood Hills	director	Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky
Iris (film)	director	Richard Eyre
Happy Together (1997 film)	director	Wong Kar-wai
9/11 (film)	director	Jules and Gedeon Naudet
9/11 (film)	director	James Hanlon
The Concert for Bangladesh	director	Saul Swimmer
Man with a Movie Camera	director	Dziga Vertov
Time Indefinite	director	Ross McElwee
Der Schneemann	director	Hans Fischerkoesen
Verwitterte Melodie	director	Hans Fischerkoesen
Rugrats	director	James Duffy
Rugrats	director	Steve Moore
Rugrats	director	Daniel Thompson
Revolution OS	director	J. T. S. Moore
The Omen	director	Richard Donner
Open All Hours	director	Sydney Lotterby
Caged	director	John Cromwell (director)
Detective Story (1951 film)	director	William Wyler
The Blue Veil	director	Curtis Bernhardt
Come Back, Little Sheba (1952 film)	director	Daniel Mann
Sudden Fear	director	David Miller (director)
The Star (1952 film)	director	Stuart Heisler
With a Song in My Heart (film)	director	Walter Lang
Rashomon (film)	director	Akira Kurosawa
The Final Countdown (film)	director	Don Taylor (actor/director)
Mogambo	director	John Ford
Lili	director	Charles Walters
The Moon Is Blue	director	Otto Preminger
Little Darlings	director	Ronald F. Maxwell
The Real McCoys	director	Hy Averback
The Real McCoys	director	Richard Crenna
Alternative 3	director	Christopher Miles
Gangs of New York	director	Martin Scorsese
A Perfect Murder	director	Andrew Davis (film director)
The Battle of the River Plate (film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Battle of the River Plate (film)	director	Emeric Pressburger
Underground (1995 film)	director	Emir Kusturica
Intolerance (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
I'll Cry Tomorrow	director	Daniel Mann
Summertime (film)	director	David Lean
Interrupted Melody	director	Curtis Bernhardt
Anastasia (1956 film)	director	Anatole Litvak
Baby Doll	director	Elia Kazan
The Rainmaker (1997 film)	director	Francis Ford Coppola
American Idol	director	Bruce Gowers
American Idol	director	Nigel Lythgoe
American Idol	director	Ken Warwick
Three Kings (1999 film)	director	David O. Russell
The Parallax View	director	Alan J. Pakula
The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker	director	Eiji Aonuma
The Three Faces of Eve	director	Nunnally Johnson
Heaven Knows, Mr. Allison	director	John Huston
I Want to Live!	director	Robert Wise
BUtterfield 8	director	Daniel Mann
Sunrise at Campobello	director	Vincent J. Donehue
Never on Sunday	director	Jules Dassin
Two Women	director	Vittorio De Sica
Pillow Talk (film)	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
Shanghai Knights	director	David Dobkin (director)
The Flintstones (film)	director	Brian Levant
Spy Kids (franchise)	director	Robert Rodriguez
Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over	director	Robert Rodriguez
Foundling Museum	director	Lars Tharp
The Passion of the Christ	director	Mel Gibson
Y tu mamá también	director	Alfonso Cuarón
Super Fly (film)	director	Gordon Parks, Jr.
Straw Dogs	director	Sam Peckinpah
Napoléon (1927 film)	director	Abel Gance
Monsters, Inc.	director	Pete Docter
Chicago (1927 film)	director	Frank Urson
Willow (film)	director	Ron Howard
Perfect Dark	director	Martin Hollis
The Man with Two Brains	director	Carl Reiner
A Boy and His Dog	director	L. Q. Jones
Adaptation (film)	director	Spike Jonze
Clerks	director	Kevin Smith
To the Manor Born	director	Gareth Gwenlan
The Rescuers	director	Wolfgang Reitherman
The Rescuers	director	John Lounsbery
The Rescuers	director	Art Stevens
Romy and Michele's High School Reunion	director	David Mirkin
Chicago (2002 film)	director	Rob Marshall
The 400 Blows	director	François Truffaut
The Rules of the Game	director	Jean Renoir
Romeo + Juliet	director	Baz Luhrmann
Your Show of Shows	director	Nat Hiken
Your Show of Shows	director	Max Liebman
The Lizzie McGuire Movie	director	Jim Fall
Starship Troopers (film)	director	Paul Verhoeven
The League of Gentlemen (film)	director	Basil Dearden
Notting Hill (film)	director	Roger Michell
Farewell My Concubine (film)	director	Chen Kaige
Lost Highway (film)	director	David Lynch
Ghostbusters	director	Ivan Reitman
Jubilee (1977 film)	director	Derek Jarman
Monty Python's The Meaning of Life	director	Terry Jones
Splendor in the Grass	director	Elia Kazan
Sweet Bird of Youth	director	Richard Brooks
Seven (film)	director	David Fincher
Antz	director	Eric Darnell
Antz	director	Tim Johnson (film director)
Lamb Chop's Play-Along	director	Michael Watt (director)
Star Trek III: The Search for Spock	director	Leonard Nimoy
The Club (play)	director	Bruce Beresford
Nell (film)	director	Michael Apted
The Blue Dahlia	director	George Marshall (director)
From the Terrace	director	Mark Robson
Porridge (TV series)	director	Sydney Lotterby
Point of No Return (film)	director	John Badham
Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels	director	Guy Ritchie
The Core	director	Jon Amiel
The L-Shaped Room	director	Bryan Forbes
Irma la Douce	director	Billy Wilder
The Pumpkin Eater	director	Jack Clayton
Love with the Proper Stranger	director	Robert Mulligan
Marriage Italian-Style	director	Vittorio De Sica
The Unsinkable Molly Brown (film)	director	Charles Walters
The Banana Splits	director	Richard Donner
Séance on a Wet Afternoon	director	Bryan Forbes
Dynasty (TV series)	director	Irving J. Moore
Gerry (2002 film)	director	Gus Van Sant
Super Mario Bros. (film)	director	Rocky Morton
Super Mario Bros. (film)	director	Annabel Jankel
Super Mario Bros. (film)	director	Roland Joffé
Super Mario Bros. (film)	director	Dean Semler
Kingdom Hearts (video game)	director	Tetsuya Nomura
The Matrix Revolutions	director	The Wachowskis
The Matrix Revolutions	director	The Wachowskis
Charleen	director	Ross McElwee
Young Bess	director	George Sidney
Alice in Wonderland (1985 film)	director	Harry Harris (director)
So I Married an Axe Murderer	director	Thomas Schlamme
1984 (advertisement)	director	Ridley Scott
Georgy Girl	director	Silvio Narizzano
Ragtime (film)	director	Miloš Forman
Shanghai Noon	director	Tom Dey
Shadow of the Vampire	director	E. Elias Merhige
Alien Resurrection	director	Jean-Pierre Jeunet
Back to the Future Part II	director	Robert Zemeckis
Alien 3	director	David Fincher
Back to the Future Part III	director	Robert Zemeckis
No Man's Land (2001 film)	director	Danis Tanović
The Replacements (film)	director	Howard Deutch
In the Mood for Love	director	Wong Kar-wai
2046 (film)	director	Wong Kar-wai
Aliens (film)	director	James Cameron
Bulletproof Monk	director	Paul Hunter (director)
A Man and a Woman	director	Claude Lelouch
The Shop on Main Street	director	Ján Kadár
The Shop on Main Street	director	Elmar Klos
Morgan!	director	Karel Reisz
The Red Violin	director	François Girard
L'Age d'Or	director	Luis Buñuel
Orpheus (film)	director	Jean Cocteau
Catch Me If You Can	director	Steven Spielberg
Home Alone (film)	director	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
Day of the Fight	director	Stanley Kubrick
The Whisperers	director	Bryan Forbes
Isadora	director	Karel Reisz
They Shoot Horses, Don't They? (film)	director	Sydney Pollack
The Sterile Cuckoo	director	Alan J. Pakula
The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland	director	Gary Halvorson
The Happy Ending	director	Richard Brooks
Women in Love (film)	director	Ken Russell
Diary of a Mad Housewife	director	Frank Perry
Speak to Me of Love	director	Sophie Marceau
Buffalo '66	director	Vincent Gallo
Caddyshack	director	Harold Ramis
Hellcats of the Navy	director	Nathan H. Juran
Bedtime for Bonzo	director	Frederick de Cordova
Final Destination	director	James Wong (producer)
Monkey Island 2: LeChuck's Revenge	director	Ron Gilbert
Diamonds (film)	director	Menahem Golan
The Pianist (1991 film)	director	Claude Gagnon
Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!	director	Pedro Almodóvar
National Air and Space Museum	director	John R. Dailey
Twentieth Century (film)	director	Howard Hawks
Getting There	director	Steve Purcell
To Be and to Have	director	Nicolas Philibert
Six O'Clock News	director	Ross McElwee
Sankarabharanam	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Any Given Sunday	director	Oliver Stone
Fierce Creatures	director	Fred Schepisi
Fierce Creatures	director	Robert Young (director)
The Royal Tenenbaums	director	Wes Anderson
Klute	director	Alan J. Pakula
Mary, Queen of Scots (film)	director	Charles Jarrott
The Price of Milk	director	Harry Sinclair
Space Is the Place	director	John Coney
Zelig	director	Woody Allen
Ali G Indahouse	director	Mark Mylod
Lady Sings the Blues (film)	director	Sidney J. Furie
Cinderella Liberty	director	Mark Rydell
The Way We Were	director	Sydney Pollack
Summer Wishes, Winter Dreams	director	Gilbert Cates
Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore	director	Martin Scorsese
Claudine (film)	director	John Berry (film director)
The Story of Adele H.	director	François Truffaut
Hedda (film)	director	Trevor Nunn
Cousin, cousine	director	Jean-Charles Tacchella
Autumn Sonata	director	Ingmar Bergman
Bamboozled	director	Spike Lee
Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines	director	Jonathan Mostow
The Black Watch	director	John Ford
Sleepless in Seattle	director	Nora Ephron
While You Were Sleeping	director	Jon Turteltaub
The 7th Voyage of Sinbad	director	Nathan H. Juran
Jason and the Argonauts (1963 film)	director	Don Chaffey
Tin Cup	director	Ron Shelton
About Schmidt	director	Alexander Payne
Casualties of War	director	Brian De Palma
Ken Park	director	Larry Clark
Ken Park	director	Edward Lachman
Mr. Peepers	director	James Sheldon
Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3	director	Hiroji Kiyotake
Hôtel Terminus: The Life and Times of Klaus Barbie	director	Marcel Ophüls
Peter's Friends	director	Kenneth Branagh
The Hot Chick	director	Tom Brady (film director)
The Naked Eye (1956 film)	director	Louis Clyde Stoumen
The Last Samurai	director	Edward Zwick
The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad!	director	David Zucker (filmmaker)
Enough	director	Michael Apted
Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire	director	Junichi Masuda
Commando (film)	director	Mark L. Lester
Predator (film)	director	John McTiernan
Good Burger	director	Brian Robbins
Richard III (1995 film)	director	Richard Loncraine
The Wild Thornberrys	director	Brian Scully
Museo del Prado	director	Miguel Zugaza
The Girl from Tomorrow	director	Kathy Mueller
Sweet Home Alabama (film)	director	Andy Tennant
ThunderCats	director	Katsuhito Akiyama
ThunderCats	director	Arthur Rankin, Jr.
ThunderCats	director	Jules Bass
Thomas and Friends	director	David Mitton
Magnolia (film)	director	Paul Thomas Anderson
Saagara Sangamam	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Swathi Muthyam	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Swathi Kiranam	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Promises (film)	director	Carlos Bolado
Promises (film)	director	B.Z. Goldberg
Promises (film)	director	Justine Shapiro
The Truman Show	director	Peter Weir
South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut	director	Trey Parker
Inspector Gadget	director	Toshiuki Hiruma
Inspector Gadget	director	Ray Jafelice
Inspector Gadget	director	Dave Cox
Inspector Gadget	director	Ken Stephenson
Inspector Gadget	director	Edouard David
Elephant (2003 film)	director	Gus Van Sant
Equilibrium (film)	director	Kurt Wimmer
Virtuosity	director	Brett Leonard
Ridicule	director	Patrice Leconte
Courage Under Fire	director	Edward Zwick
École Polytechnique de Montréal	director	Christophe Guy
Red Beard	director	Akira Kurosawa
Mother India	director	Mehboob Khan
Lethal Weapon	director	Richard Donner
Byker Grove	director	Mervyn Cumming
Cocksucker Blues	director	Robert Frank
Don't Say a Word	director	Gary Fleder
Secretary (film)	director	Steven Shainberg
Mallrats	director	Kevin Smith
Cabaret (film)	director	Bob Fosse
Crush (2001 film)	director	John McKay (director)
Paris, Texas (film)	director	Wim Wenders
Bruce Almighty	director	Tom Shadyac
The Rescuers Down Under	director	Mike Gabriel
Tillie's Punctured Romance (1914 film)	director	Mack Sennett
Air Force One (film)	director	Wolfgang Petersen
D.O.A. (1950 film)	director	Rudolph Maté
Blues Brothers 2000	director	John Landis
To Catch a Thief	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Amarcord	director	Federico Fellini
Topaz (1969 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
The Birdcage	director	Mike Nichols
Finding Nemo	director	Andrew Stanton
Ride with the Devil (film)	director	Ang Lee
Interiors	director	Woody Allen
Starting Over (1979 film)	director	Alan J. Pakula
Resurrection (1980 film)	director	Daniel Petrie
The Rose (film)	director	Mark Rydell
Private Benjamin	director	Howard Zieff
Gloria (1980 film)	director	John Cassavetes
Only When I Laugh (film)	director	Glenn Jordan
Battle of Britain (film)	director	Guy Hamilton
Daddy Day Care	director	Steve Carr
The Man Who Wasn't There	director	Coen brothers
Weird Science (film)	director	John Hughes (filmmaker)
Pandemonium (film)	director	Alfred Sole
American Pie 2	director	J. B. Rogers
American Wedding	director	Jesse Dylan
Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me	director	Jay Roach
ReBoot	director	Dick Zondag
ReBoot	director	George Samilski
Local Hero	director	Bill Forsyth
Deadly Weapons	director	Doris Wishman
Victor Victoria	director	Blake Edwards
Frances	director	Graeme Clifford
Testament (film)	director	Lynne Littman
An Officer and a Gentleman	director	Taylor Hackford
The Trip to Bountiful	director	Peter Masterson
Silkwood	director	Mike Nichols
The Diary of Anne Frank (1959 film)	director	George Stevens
Halloween III: Season of the Witch	director	Tommy Lee Wallace
Caligula (film)	director	Tinto Brass
Caligula (film)	director	Giancarlo Lui
Caligula (film)	director	Bob Guccione
Wild Wild West	director	Barry Sonnenfeld
Waking Life	director	Richard Linklater
Fanboys (2009 film)	director	Kyle Newman
Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me	director	David Lynch
Wacky Races	director	William Hanna
Wacky Races	director	Joseph Barbera
Manos: The Hands of Fate	director	Harold P. Warren
Peggy Sue Got Married	director	Francis Ford Coppola
The Morning After (1986 film)	director	Sidney Lumet
Bwana Devil	director	Arch Oboler
Wild at Heart (film)	director	David Lynch
The Comic Strip  Presents...   1	director	Peter Richardson (actor)
Sabotage (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Dreams (1990 film)	director	Akira Kurosawa
Dreams (1990 film)	director	Ishirō Honda
Maiden England	director	Steve Harris (musician)
Stingray (TV series)	director	David Elliott (director)
Stingray (TV series)	director	Desmond Saunders
The Fast and the Furious (2001 film)	director	Rob Cohen
A Hard Day's Night (film)	director	Richard Lester
Bambi Meets Godzilla	director	Marv Newland
Holiday Inn (film)	director	Mark Sandrich
Bound (film)	director	The Wachowskis
Bend It Like Beckham	director	Gurinder Chadha
Rabbit-Proof Fence (film)	director	Phillip Noyce
Pale Rider	director	Clint Eastwood
Excalibur (film)	director	John Boorman
Revengers Tragedy	director	Alex Cox
Once More, with Feeling (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Joss Whedon
King of Hearts (1966 film)	director	Philippe de Broca
Mister Ed	director	Arthur Lubin
Mister Ed	director	John Rich (director)
Mister Ed	director	Alan Young
Cabiria	director	Giovanni Pastrone
The Mummy (1959 film)	director	Terence Fisher
The Mummy (1999 film)	director	Stephen Sommers
The Mummy (1932 film)	director	Karl Freund
Project A-ko	director	Katsuhiko Nishijima
Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey	director	Peter Hewitt (film director)
The Ninth Configuration	director	William Peter Blatty
Passport to Pimlico	director	Henry Cornelius
I Know What You Did Last Summer	director	Jim Gillespie
High Society (1956 film)	director	Charles Walters
Notorious (1946 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Cheez TV	director	Bernie Zelvis
Erik the Viking	director	Terry Jones
National Gallery of Australia	director	Ron Radford
Johnny English	director	Peter Howitt
Mad Max	director	George Miller (filmmaker)
Tampopo	director	Jūzō Itami
Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle	director	McG
Dancer in the Dark	director	Lars von Trier
The American President	director	Rob Reiner
Whore II	director	Amos Kollek
The Sweetest Thing	director	Roger Kumble
Malicious (film)	director	Ian Corson
Strangers on a Train (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
A Woman in Flames (film)	director	Robert van Ackeren
The Gods Must Be Crazy	director	Jamie Uys
Agent Cody Banks	director	Harald Zwart
Together We Stand	director	Peter Bonerz
Together We Stand	director	Andrew D. Weyman
Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves	director	Kevin Reynolds (director)
An Alan Smithee Film Burn Hollywood Burn	director	Arthur Hiller
An Alan Smithee Film Burn Hollywood Burn	director	Alan Smithee
Mad Max 2	director	George Miller (filmmaker)
The Tango Lesson	director	Sally Potter
Space: 1999	director	Ray Austin (director)
Space: 1999	director	Tom Clegg (director)
Space: 1999	director	Kevin Connor (director)
Space: 1999	director	Charles Crichton
Space: 1999	director	Val Guest
Space: 1999	director	Lee H. Katzin
Space: 1999	director	Bob Kellett
Space: 1999	director	Robert Lynn (director)
Space: 1999	director	Peter Medak
Space: 1999	director	David Tomblin
Hols: Prince of the Sun	director	Isao Takahata
Hackers (film)	director	Iain Softley
Family Affair	director	Charles Barton
Family Affair	director	William D. Russell
Marnie (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Lifeboat (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Nikita (film)	director	Luc Besson
Red Dawn	director	John Milius
The Brown Bunny	director	Vincent Gallo
The Great Race	director	Blake Edwards
Sid and Nancy	director	Alex Cox
KYTV (TV series)	director	John Kilby
KYTV (TV series)	director	John Stroud
Utu (film)	director	Geoff Murphy
Schtonk!	director	Helmut Dietl
Buena Vista Social Club (film)	director	Wim Wenders
Scarface (1983 film)	director	Brian De Palma
GoldenEye	director	Martin Campbell
Colossus: The Forbin Project	director	Joseph Sargent
The Hidden Fortress	director	Akira Kurosawa
It (1927 film)	director	Clarence G. Badger
Terrorama	director	Edwin Brienen
The Love Bug	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Jedda	director	Charles Chauvel (filmmaker)
Faces (film)	director	John Cassavetes
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge	director	Aditya Chopra
That '70s Show	director	David Trainer
Selena (film)	director	Gregory Nava
Blood Simple	director	Coen brothers
Blood Simple	director	Coen brothers
Iznogoud  : Calife à la place du calife   1	director	Patrick Braoudé
Rattle and Hum    1	director	Phil Joanou
Star Trek: The Motion Picture	director	Robert Wise
My Best Friend's Wedding	director	P. J. Hogan
There's Something About Mary	director	Bobby Farrelly
There's Something About Mary	director	Peter Farrelly
America's Sweethearts	director	Joe Roth
Entrapment (film)	director	Jon Amiel
Bulldog Drummond's Secret Police	director	James P. Hogan (director)
Magnum, P.I.	director	Ray Austin (director)
Magnum, P.I.	director	Mike Vejar
Magnum, P.I.	director	Ivan Dixon
Tomcats (film)	director	Gregory Poirier
Scary Movie	director	Keenen Ivory Wayans
Heartbreakers (2001 film)	director	David Mirkin
Jesus (1979 film)	director	John Krisch
Jesus (1979 film)	director	John Heyman
Raising Arizona	director	Coen brothers
Raising Arizona	director	Coen brothers
The Skin Game (1931 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Sinbad: Legend of the Seven Seas	director	Tim Johnson (film director)
Medusa: Dare to Be Truthful	director	Julie Brown
Medusa: Dare to Be Truthful	director	John Fortenberry
The Killing (film)	director	Stanley Kubrick
Bananas in Pyjamas	director	Michael Ailwood
Bananas in Pyjamas	director	Ian Munro
Chicken Run	director	Peter Lord
Chicken Run	director	Nick Park
To Die For	director	Gus Van Sant
Once Upon a Time in the West	director	Sergio Leone
The Rundown	director	Peter Berg
Anastasia (1997 film)	director	Don Bluth
Anastasia (1997 film)	director	Gary Goldman
Porky's	director	Bob Clark
Love & Pop	director	Hideaki Anno
Stalker (film)	director	Andrei Tarkovsky
American Juniors	director	Bruce Gowers
Deep Impact (film)	director	Mimi Leder
Lady and the Tramp	director	Clyde Geronimi
Lady and the Tramp	director	Wilfred Jackson
Lady and the Tramp	director	Hamilton Luske
Jude (film)	director	Michael Winterbottom
Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure	director	Darrell Rooney
Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure	director	Jeannine Roussel
Holy Smoke!	director	Jane Campion
A Kid in King Arthur's Court	director	Michael Gottlieb
Rudy (film)	director	David Anspaugh
It Ain't Half Hot Mum	director	David Croft (TV producer)
It Ain't Half Hot Mum	director	Bob Spiers
The Paradine Case	director	Alfred Hitchcock
The Lodger: A Story of the London Fog	director	Alfred Hitchcock
The Firm (1993 film)	director	Sydney Pollack
X2 (film)	director	Bryan Singer
Grease 2	director	Patricia Birch
Spy Game	director	Tony Scott
Piglet's Big Movie	director	Francis Glebas
The Object of My Affection	director	Nicholas Hytner
East of Eden (film)	director	Elia Kazan
Drugstore Cowboy	director	Gus Van Sant
Longshot (film)	director	Lionel C. Martin
The Manxman	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Gigli	director	Martin Brest
Collateral Damage (film)	director	Andrew Davis (film director)
Beetlejuice	director	Tim Burton
Secret Agent (1936 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Will & Grace	director	James Burrows
Serial Mom	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
Your Hit Parade	director	Norman Jewison
Home Alone 2: Lost in New York	director	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog	director	Kent Butterworth
Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould	director	François Girard
Stage Fright (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Swans Crossing	director	Noel Black
Vagrant Story	director	Yasumi Matsuno
EXistenZ	director	David Cronenberg
Haunted Castle (2001 film)	director	Ben Stassen
The Man on the Train (2002 film)	director	Patrice Leconte
2 Stupid Dogs	director	Donovan Cook
Love's Labour's Lost (2000 film)	director	Kenneth Branagh
11'09"01 September 11	director	11'09"01 September 11#Directors
Reservoir Dogs	director	Quentin Tarantino
Seven Days in May	director	John Frankenheimer
Perfect Blue	director	Satoshi Kon
Take the Money and Run	director	Woody Allen
The Cotton Club (film)	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Irréversible	director	Gaspar Noé
Gnomes (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Two Arabian Knights	director	Lewis Milestone
Sexy Beast	director	Jonathan Glazer
Malcolm X (film)	director	Spike Lee
Kill Bill Volume 1	director	Quentin Tarantino
The Little Mermaid (1989 film)	director	Ron Clements
The Little Mermaid (1989 film)	director	John Musker
Dirty Harry	director	Don Siegel
The Majestic (film)	director	Frank Darabont
From Justin to Kelly	director	Robert Iscove
Ishtar (film)	director	Elaine May
Edward Scissorhands	director	Tim Burton
Santa with Muscles	director	John Murlowski
Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams	director	Robert Rodriguez
The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Seasons and Oracle of Ages	director	Hidemaro Fujibayashi
Love and Death on Long Island	director	Richard Kwietniowski
Escape from the Planet of the Apes	director	Don Taylor (actor/director)
Twister (1996 film)	director	Jan de Bont
Stolen Kisses	director	François Truffaut
Bed and Board	director	François Truffaut
The Birds (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Battle Royale (film)	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Problem Child (film)	director	Dennis Dugan
Mobile Suit Gundam F91	director	Yoshiyuki Tomino
Zoolander	director	Ben Stiller
Shooters (2002 film)	director	Colin Teague
The Net (1995 film)	director	Irwin Winkler
Ed, Edd n Eddy	director	Danny Antonucci
Secret of Mana	director	Koichi Ishii
The Great Mouse Detective	director	Ron Clements
The Great Mouse Detective	director	Burny Mattinson
The Great Mouse Detective	director	John Musker
Blue Crush	director	John Stockwell (actor)
La Bamba (film)	director	Luis Valdez
Bugsy Malone	director	Alan Parker
The Lion King II: Simba's Pride	director	Darrell Rooney
Renaissance Man (film)	director	Penny Marshall
Naked Lunch (film)	director	David Cronenberg
House of 1000 Corpses	director	Rob Zombie
The Faculty	director	Robert Rodriguez
The Phantom of the Opera (2004 film)	director	Joel Schumacher
A Fish Called Wanda	director	Charles Crichton
A Fish Called Wanda	director	John Cleese
The Phantom of the Opera (1925 film)	director	Rupert Julian
The Phantom of the Opera (1925 film)	director	Lon Chaney, Sr.
The Phantom of the Opera (1925 film)	director	Edward Sedgwick
The Phantom of the Opera (1925 film)	director	Ernst Laemmle
The Dirty Dozen	director	Robert Aldrich
Natural History Museum	director	Michael Dixon (museum director)
Les Misérables (1952 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Ichi the Killer	director	Takashi Miike
Prince of Darkness (film)	director	John Carpenter
Batman: Mask of the Phantasm	director	Eric Radomski
Batman: Mask of the Phantasm	director	Bruce Timm
The Good Son (film)	director	Joseph Ruben
House Party (film)	director	Reginald Hudlin
Yojimbo (film)	director	Akira Kurosawa
Tron (film)	director	Steven Lisberger
The Last Unicorn (film)	director	Jules Bass
The Last Unicorn (film)	director	Arthur Rankin, Jr.
Boys' Night Out (film)	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
Cool as Ice	director	David Kellogg
Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia	director	Sam Peckinpah
The Mask of Dimitrios	director	Jean Negulesco
Mr. Baseball	director	Fred Schepisi
The Other	director	Robert Mulligan
The Score (film)	director	Frank Oz
Mastermind (TV series)	director	Derek Hallworth
Have Gun–Will Travel	director	Andrew McLaglen
Have Gun–Will Travel	director	Sam Peckinpah
Have Gun–Will Travel	director	Lamont Johnson
Have Gun–Will Travel	director	Ida Lupino
Have Gun–Will Travel	director	Richard Boone
Have Gun–Will Travel	director	William Conrad
Tomorrow Never Dies	director	Roger Spottiswoode
Baby the Rain Must Fall	director	Robert Mulligan
O Lucky Man!	director	Lindsay Anderson
Xanadu (film)	director	Robert Greenwald
The American Friend	director	Wim Wenders
The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius	director	Keith Alcorn
The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius	director	Mike Gasaway
8½	director	Federico Fellini
Addicted to Love (film)	director	Griffin Dunne
Bahamut Lagoon	director	Kazushige Nojima
Raisins (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Barton Fink	director	Coen brothers
Barton Fink	director	Coen brothers
Bad Santa	director	Terry Zwigoff
Tadpole (film)	director	Gary Winick
Panic (film)	director	Henry Bromell
Pink Flamingos	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
Led Zeppelin (DVD)	director	Dick Carruthers
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl	director	Gore Verbinski
Rendolepsis	director	Marc Barnig
Bienvenidos	director	Miguel Ángel Landa
Troy (film)	director	Wolfgang Petersen
My Cousin Vinny	director	Jonathan Lynn
The Little Shop of Horrors	director	Roger Corman
Irma Vep	director	Olivier Assayas
El Mariachi	director	Robert Rodriguez
Calendar Girls	director	Nigel Cole
The Greatest Story Ever Told	director	George Stevens
Assassination Tango	director	Robert Duvall
Arachnophobia (film)	director	Frank Marshall (film producer)
October: Ten Days That Shook the World	director	Grigori Aleksandrov
October: Ten Days That Shook the World	director	Sergei Eisenstein
L'Avventura	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
American McGee's Alice	director	American McGee
"Crocodile" Dundee	director	Peter Faiman
Trick (film)	director	Jim Fall
First Kid	director	David M. Evans
Pirates (2005 film)	director	Joone (director)
National Maritime Museum	director	Kevin Fewster
Character (1997 film)	director	Mike van Diem
As Told by Ginger	director	Mark Risley
Romeo and Juliet (1936 film)	director	George Cukor
Attack of the 50 Foot Woman	director	Nathan H. Juran
Shark Tale	director	Vicky Jenson
Shark Tale	director	Bibo Bergeron
Shark Tale	director	Rob Letterman
Black Mountain College	director	John Andrew Rice
Toy Story 2	director	John Lasseter
Ace Ventura: Pet Detective	director	Tom Shadyac
Grease (film)	director	Randal Kleiser
TaleSpin	director	Larry Latham (director)
TaleSpin	director	Robert Taylor (animator)
The $64,000 Question	director	Joseph Cates
The $64,000 Question	director	Seymour Robbie
Voyagers!	director	Alan J. Levi
Voyagers!	director	Bernard McEveety
Voyagers!	director	Paul Stanley (director)
Voyagers!	director	Virgil W. Vogel
Snuff (film)	director	Michael Findlay
Snuff (film)	director	Michael Findlay
Snuff (film)	director	Horacio Fredriksson
Ace of Wands	director	Pamela Lonsdale
Ace of Wands	director	John Russell (producer)
Dracula (1992 film)	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Royal Ontario Museum	director	Janet Carding
Nicaragua Was Our Home	director	Lee Shapiro
Sonic the Hedgehog (TV series)	director	Dick Sebast
The Last Starfighter	director	Nick Castle
The Emperor's New Groove	director	Mark Dindal
Splash (film)	director	Ron Howard
The Omega Man	director	Boris Sagal
The Amazing Colossal Man	director	Bert I. Gordon
Breathless (1960 film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Rocko's Modern Life	director	Joe Murray (animator)
Rocko's Modern Life	director	Timothy Björklund
Rocko's Modern Life	director	Roger Chiasson
Rocko's Modern Life	director	Stephen Hillenburg
Rocko's Modern Life	director	Mr. Lawrence
Rocko's Modern Life	director	Jeff "Swampy" Marsh
Rocko's Modern Life	director	Rocko's Modern Life#Writers
The Waterboy	director	Frank Coraci
Simon, Simon	director	Graham Stark
F-Zero X	director	Tadashi Sugiyama
Revenge of the Nerds	director	Jeff Kanew
The Black Hole	director	Gary Nelson (director)
Darmok	director	Winrich Kolbe
Celebrities Uncensored	director	E. L. Woody
They Live	director	John Carpenter
Charlie's Angels (film)	director	McG
Road to Perdition	director	Sam Mendes
The Flight of Dragons	director	Jules Bass
The Flight of Dragons	director	Arthur Rankin, Jr.
The Flight of Dragons	director	Fumihiko Takayama
The Flight of Dragons	director	Katsuhisa Yamada
Withnail and I	director	Bruce Robinson
The Aristocats	director	Wolfgang Reitherman
In the Mouth of Madness	director	John Carpenter
Swingers (1996 film)	director	Doug Liman
The Pope Must Die	director	Peter Richardson (actor)
Mackenna's Gold	director	J. Lee Thompson
Ghost in the Shell 2: Innocence	director	Mamoru Oshii
The Element of Crime	director	Lars von Trier
The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie	director	Luis Buñuel
Suspiria	director	Dario Argento
Wes Craven's New Nightmare	director	Wes Craven
The Dark Crystal	director	Jim Henson
The Dark Crystal	director	Frank Oz
Bringing Out the Dead	director	Martin Scorsese
Garfield: The Movie	director	Peter Hewitt (film director)
Mrs. Doubtfire	director	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
Beethoven (film)	director	Brian Levant
Jetsons: The Movie	director	William Hanna
Jetsons: The Movie	director	Joseph Barbera
Oliver & Company	director	George Scribner
Lo que le Pasó a Santiago	director	Jacobo Morales
The Inn of the Sixth Happiness	director	Mark Robson
Being John Malkovich	director	Spike Jonze
The Amazing Chan and the Chan Clan	director	William Hanna
The Amazing Chan and the Chan Clan	director	Joseph Barbera
Cherry 2000	director	Steve De Jarnatt
Tři oříšky pro Popelku	director	Václav Vorlíček
Ikaruga	director	Hiroshi Iuchi
The Vanishing (1988 film)	director	George Sluizer
Altered States	director	Ken Russell
Reality Bites	director	Ben Stiller
Kind Hearts and Coronets	director	Robert Hamer
Hoop Dreams	director	Steve James (producer)
Straight Shooter (1999 film)	director	Thomas Bohn
City Slickers	director	Ron Underwood
Fast, Cheap & Out of Control	director	Errol Morris
Jaws 2	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Bonsoir	director	Jean-Pierre Mocky
Red Heat	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Gallipoli (1981 film)	director	Peter Weir
Son of Dracula (1974 film)	director	Freddie Francis
Second Skin (2000 film)	director	Gerardo Vera
Metroid II: Return of Samus	director	Hiroji Kiyotake
Metroid II: Return of Samus	director	Hiroyuki Kimura
Super Metroid	director	Yoshio Sakamoto
Metroid Fusion	director	Yoshio Sakamoto
The Legend of Zelda: Link's Awakening	director	Takashi Tezuka
Let's Make a Deal	director	Joseph Behar
Bob the Builder	director	Sarah Ball
Dora the Explorer	director	Gary Conrad
Kingdom of Heaven (film)	director	Ridley Scott
The World of David the Gnome	director	Luis Ballester
Are You Afraid of the Dark?	director	David Winning
Die Hard with a Vengeance	director	John McTiernan
Bedknobs and Broomsticks	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Walt Disney anthology television series	director	Hamilton Luske
Walt Disney anthology television series	director	Wilfred Jackson
The First $20 Million Is Always the Hardest	director	Mick Jackson (director)
Class (film)	director	Lewis John Carlino
The Player	director	Robert Altman
The Happiest Millionaire	director	Norman Tokar
Pete's Dragon	director	Don Chaffey
Pete's Dragon	director	Don Bluth
The Return of Jafar	director	Tad Stones
Aladdin and the King of Thieves	director	Tad Stones
Marsupilami    1	director	Bob Hathcock
Marsupilami    1	director	Ed Wexler
Dr. Who and the Daleks	director	Gordon Flemyng
Daleks – Invasion Earth: 2150 A.D.	director	Gordon Flemyng
Lost in La Mancha	director	Keith Fulton
Lost in La Mancha	director	Louis Pepe
The Life of David Gale	director	Alan Parker
24 Hour Party People	director	Michael Winterbottom
Spetters	director	Paul Verhoeven
Sons of the Desert	director	William A. Seiter
Citizen X	director	Chris Gerolmo
Ladies and Gentlemen, The Fabulous Stains	director	Lou Adler
All Over the Guy	director	Julie Davis
Superman (film)	director	Richard Donner
Muriel's Wedding	director	P. J. Hogan
Star 80	director	Bob Fosse
USA Tuesday Night Fights	director	Anthony Giordano
USA Tuesday Night Fights	director	Lenny Stucker
Ernest Saves Christmas	director	John R. Cherry III
Brimstone and Treacle    1	director	Richard Loncraine
Silent Movie	director	Mel Brooks
Ginger Snaps (film)	director	John Fawcett (director)
Six Days Seven Nights	director	Ivan Reitman
The Belly of an Architect	director	Peter Greenaway
Babes in Toyland (1934 film)	director	Gus Meins
Babes in Toyland (1934 film)	director	Charley Rogers
Shallow Hal	director	Farrelly brothers
Atlantis: The Lost Empire	director	Gary Trousdale
Atlantis: The Lost Empire	director	Kirk Wise
Pom Poko	director	Isao Takahata
The Wild Wild West	director	Irving J. Moore
Gandhi (film)	director	Richard Attenborough
Lost in Translation (film)	director	Sofia Coppola
Love Actually	director	Richard Curtis
Gates to Paradise (film)	director	Andrzej Wajda
Young Törless	director	Volker Schlöndorff
Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World	director	Peter Weir
Grand Theft Parsons	director	David Caffrey
Los Angeles County Museum of Art	director	Michael Govan
Moscow on the Hudson	director	Paul Mazursky
Enemy at the Gates	director	Jean-Jacques Annaud
Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl	director	Terry Hughes (director)
Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl	director	Ian MacNaughton
G-Saviour	director	Graeme Campbell (director)
The Matrix (franchise)	director	The Wachowskis
The Matrix (franchise)	director	The Wachowskis
Cube (film)	director	Vincenzo Natali
Bandini (1963 film)	director	Bimal Roy
The Party (film)	director	Blake Edwards
Scanners	director	David Cronenberg
Arrowsmith (film)	director	John Ford
Odd Job Jack	director	Adrian Carter
Odd Job Jack	director	Denny Silverthorne Jr.
The Dish	director	Rob Sitch
Maverick (film)	director	Richard Donner
QI	director	Ian Lorimer
Semi-Tough	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Museum of London	director	Jack Lohman
Lagaan	director	Ashutosh Gowariker
Gremlins	director	Joe Dante
Behind the Green Door	director	Mitchell brothers
Behind the Green Door	director	Mitchell brothers
Good Times	director	Gerren Keith
Good Times	director	Herbert Kenwith
Good Times	director	Donald McKayle
The Devil in Miss Jones	director	Gerard Damiano
Nothing So Strange	director	Brian Flemming
Hillside (TV series)	director	John T. Binkley
Death, Deceit and Destiny Aboard the Orient Express	director	Mark Roper
Do Bigha Zamin	director	Bimal Roy
Play Misty for Me	director	Clint Eastwood
Zero Patience	director	John Greyson
Sex, Lies, and Videotape	director	Steven Soderbergh
Aama (film)	director	Hira Singh Khatri
The Lion King 1½	director	Bradley Raymond
The Fall of the Roman Empire (film)	director	Anthony Mann
Alexander Nevsky (film)	director	Sergei Eisenstein
Alexander Nevsky (film)	director	Dmitri Vasilyev (director)
Barbershop (film)	director	Tim Story
The Frisco Kid	director	Robert Aldrich
A Song of Love	director	Jean Genet
The Haunted Mansion (film)	director	Rob Minkoff
Born in Flames	director	Lizzie Borden (filmmaker)
The 10 Percenters	director	Ed Bye
The Brittas Empire	director	Mike Stephens
The Great Rock 'n' Roll Swindle	director	Julien Temple
X-Men: Pryde of the X-Men	director	Stuart M. Rosen
Jackie Brown (film)	director	Quentin Tarantino
Beat Street	director	Stan Lathan
The Banger Sisters	director	Bob Dolman
The Lord of the Rings (1978 film)	director	Ralph Bakshi
Dogville	director	Lars von Trier
Remember the Titans	director	Boaz Yakin
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2	director	Tobe Hooper
Cost of Living (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Final Fantasy X-2	director	Motomu Toriyama
10 Things I Hate About You	director	Gil Junger
Cinderella (1950 film)	director	Clyde Geronimi
Cinderella (1950 film)	director	Hamilton Luske
Cinderella (1950 film)	director	Wilfred Jackson
Pocahontas (1995 film)	director	Mike Gabriel
Pocahontas (1995 film)	director	Eric Goldberg (film director)
The Slipper and the Rose	director	Bryan Forbes
Orgazmo	director	Trey Parker
American Museum of Natural History	director	Ellen V. Futter
Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology	director	S.C. Saharasbudhe
The Deconstruction of Falling Stars	director	Stephen Furst
Happy Gilmore	director	Dennis Dugan
The Great McGinty	director	Preston Sturges
Mirror, Mirror (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Marc Daniels
City on the Edge of Forever	director	Trey Parker
The City on the Edge of Forever	director	Joseph Pevney
The Cage (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Robert Butler (director)
The Trouble With Tribbles	director	Joseph Pevney
Encounter at Farpoint	director	Corey Allen
Emissary (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	David Carson (director)
Where No Man Has Gone Before	director	James Goldstone
Caretaker (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Broken Bow (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	James Conway (director)
Derrida (film)	director	Kirby Dick
Derrida (film)	director	Amy Ziering Kofman
Good Bye, Lenin!	director	Wolfgang Becker
Hornblower (TV series)	director	Andrew Grieve
Fair Trade (Land of the Lost)	director	Bob Lally
It's All About Love	director	Thomas Vinterberg
The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1996 film)	director	Gary Trousdale
The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1996 film)	director	Kirk Wise
The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1939 film)	director	William Dieterle
Pinky (film)	director	Elia Kazan
Run (2002 film)	director	N. Linguswamy
The Nightmare Before Christmas	director	Henry Selick
Pirates of Silicon Valley	director	Martyn Burke
Philadelphia Museum of Art	director	Timothy Rub
Confidentially Yours	director	François Truffaut
Quintet (film)	director	Robert Altman
The Fall of Night	director	Janet Greek
Balance of Terror	director	Vincent McEveety
Ma vraie vie à Rouen	director	Olivier Ducastel
Ma vraie vie à Rouen	director	Jacques Martineau
The Crow (film)	director	Alex Proyas
Chinese Box	director	Wayne Wang
The Tall Guy	director	Mel Smith
The Day After Tomorrow	director	Roland Emmerich
The Fast and the Furious (1955 film)	director	John Ireland (actor)
2 Fast 2 Furious	director	John Singleton
Rushmore (film)	director	Wes Anderson
Hulk (film)	director	Ang Lee
Superman IV: The Quest for Peace	director	Sidney J. Furie
The Newlywed Game	director	Bill Carruthers
The Newlywed Game	director	Protein Wisdom (blog)
The Newlywed Game	director	Paul Casey
The Newlywed Game	director	Rob Fiedler
Big Fat Liar	director	Shawn Levy
The Story of Vernon and Irene Castle	director	H. C. Potter
Dante's Peak	director	Roger Donaldson
Sniper (1993 film)	director	Luis Llosa
Ulzana's Raid	director	Robert Aldrich
The Hire	director	John Frankenheimer
The Hire	director	Ang Lee
The Hire	director	Wong Kar-wai
The Hire	director	Guy Ritchie
The Hire	director	Alejandro González Iñárritu
The Hire	director	John Woo
The Hire	director	Joe Carnahan
The Hire	director	Tony Scott
For a Lost Soldier	director	Roeland Kerbosch
Passing Through Gethsemane	director	Adam Nimoy
Drowning by Numbers	director	Peter Greenaway
Drowning by Numbers    1	director	Michael Nyman
Distant Drums	director	Raoul Walsh
The Bodyguard	director	Mick Jackson (director)
When the Bough Breaks (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Kim Manners
Space Seed	director	Marc Daniels
Errand of Mercy	director	John Newland
Taxi (1998 film)	director	Gérard Pirès
Amok Time	director	Joseph Pevney
Spock's Brain	director	Marc Daniels
Assignment: Earth	director	Marc Daniels
Walker (film)	director	Alex Cox
Themroc	director	Claude Faraldo
Journey to Babel	director	Joseph Pevney
The Doomsday Machine (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Marc Daniels
Peeping Tom (film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Lord of the Rings film trilogy	director	Peter Jackson
Something's Gotta Give (film)	director	Nancy Meyers
America's Funniest Home Videos	director	Vin Di Bona
I Dream of Jeannie	director	Gene Nelson
I Dream of Jeannie	director	Hal Cooper
I Dream of Jeannie	director	Claudio Guzmán
Thomas and the Magic Railroad	director	Britt Allcroft
XXx	director	Rob Cohen
Beau travail	director	Claire Denis
The Best of Both Worlds (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Cliff Bole
The Falls	director	Peter Greenaway
University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology	director	Richard Hodges (archaeologist)
Pokémon Red and Blue	director	Satoshi Tajiri
Day for Night (film)	director	François Truffaut
Sexmission	director	Juliusz Machulski
Impulse (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Livingston
Little Girl Lost (The Twilight Zone)	director	Paul Stewart (actor)
The Ninth Gate	director	Roman Polanski
Amistad (film)	director	Steven Spielberg
Basic Training (1985 film)	director	Andrew Sugerman
One-Eyed Jacks	director	Marlon Brando
Lancelot du Lac (film)	director	Robert Bresson
Christmas in Kabul	director	Geoff D'Eon
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles	director	Kazuhiko Aoki
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (film)	director	Howard Hawks
Coming of Age (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Mike Vejar
Redemption (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Cliff Bole
Redemption (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	David Carson (director)
Final Fantasy XI	director	Koichi Ishii
Final Fantasy XI	director	Akihiko Matsui
Final Fantasy XI	director	Mizuki Ito
Cause and Effect (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Jonathan Frakes
National Museum of the American Indian	director	Kevin Gover
Lady Liberty (film)	director	Mario Monicelli
Exile (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Roxann Dawson
Sex and Lucia	director	Julio Médem
Brigham Young (film)	director	Henry Hathaway
The Blue Lamp	director	Basil Dearden
Contact (film)	director	Robert Zemeckis
Love Letter (1995 film)	director	Shunji Iwai
Macross: Do You Remember Love?	director	Shōji Kawamori
Macross: Do You Remember Love?	director	Noboru Ishiguro
Wild Things	director	John McNaughton
Rumble Fish	director	Francis Ford Coppola
It's Christmas in Canada	director	Trey Parker
Stardust Memories	director	Woody Allen
Maborosi	director	Hirokazu Koreeda
Wet Hot American Summer	director	David Wain
Chameli (film)	director	Sudhir Mishra
Pistol Opera	director	Seijun Suzuki
Pilotwings	director	Tadashi Sugiyama
Distance (film)	director	Hirokazu Koreeda
Targets	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Harbinger (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Livingston
Eraserhead	director	David Lynch
'Allo 'Allo!	director	David Croft (TV producer)
'Allo 'Allo!	director	Robin Carr
'Allo 'Allo!	director	Martin Dennis
'Allo 'Allo!	director	Susan Belbin
'Allo 'Allo!	director	Richard Boden
'Allo 'Allo!	director	Mike Stephens
'Allo 'Allo!	director	Sue Longstaff
'Allo 'Allo!	director	John B. Hobbs
After Life (1998 film)	director	Hirokazu Koreeda
The Mosquito Coast	director	Peter Weir
The Emperor's Club	director	Michael Hoffman (American director)
Harvard Man	director	James Toback
The Cremaster Cycle	director	Matthew Barney
Big Fish	director	Tim Burton
Immortal Beloved (film)	director	Bernard Rose (director)
Pokémon FireRed and LeafGreen	director	Junichi Masuda
My Big Fat Greek Wedding	director	Joel Zwick
Murder by Decree	director	Bob Clark
Almost Famous	director	Cameron Crowe
Meeting People Is Easy	director	Grant Gee
Pee-wee's Big Adventure	director	Tim Burton
Bully (film)	director	Larry Clark
Broken (1993 film)	director	Peter Christopherson
Bullitt	director	Peter Yates
Tremors (film)	director	Ron Underwood
Die Hard 2	director	Renny Harlin
The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance	director	John Ford
Up Series	director	Paul Almond
Up Series	director	Michael Apted
Accident (1967 film)	director	Joseph Losey
Yossi & Jagger	director	Eytan Fox
The Seduction of Mimi	director	Lina Wertmüller
Chosen Realm	director	Roxann Dawson
Hitler: The Last Ten Days	director	Ennio de Concini
I Shot Andy Warhol	director	Mary Harron
The Kiss (1896 film)	director	William Heise
Home Movies (TV series)	director	Loren Bouchard
Benny & Joon	director	Jeremiah S. Chechik
Trailer Park Boys	director	Mike Clattenburg
Romero (film)	director	John Duigan
Big Deal on Madonna Street	director	Mario Monicelli
Live from Baghdad (film)	director	Mick Jackson (director)
Orange County (film)	director	Jake Kasdan
Blackadder: Back & Forth	director	Paul Weiland
Will Penny	director	Tom Gries
Conspiracy (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Cliff Bole
Fitzcarraldo	director	Werner Herzog
Dungeons & Dragons (film)	director	Courtney Solomon
True Romance	director	Tony Scott
Education for Death	director	Clyde Geronimi
A Fistful of Dollars	director	Sergio Leone
For a Few Dollars More	director	Sergio Leone
Once Upon a Time in America	director	Sergio Leone
Mask (film)	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Jackboot Mutiny	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
After the Fox	director	Vittorio De Sica
History of the World, Part I	director	Mel Brooks
Young Frankenstein	director	Mel Brooks
High Anxiety	director	Mel Brooks
Proving Ground (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Livingston
Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life	director	Jan de Bont
Monster (2003 film)	director	Patty Jenkins
Days of Heaven	director	Terrence Malick
The Royle Family	director	Caroline Aherne
Catch That Kid	director	Bart Freundlich
Hook (film)	director	Steven Spielberg
Idaho Transfer	director	Peter Fonda
Stella (1955 film)	director	Michael Cacoyannis
Hoffa	director	Danny DeVito
Legally Blonde	director	Robert Luketic
Seabiscuit (film)	director	Gary Ross
Exotica (film)	director	Atom Egoyan
The Redhead from Wyoming	director	Lee Sholem
The Perils of Penelope Pitstop	director	William Hanna
The Perils of Penelope Pitstop	director	Joseph Barbera
RoboCop	director	Paul Verhoeven
Lost Horizon (1973 film)	director	Charles Jarrott
White Wilderness (film)	director	James Algar
Dirty Rotten Scoundrels (film)	director	Frank Oz
The Wages of Fear	director	Henri-Georges Clouzot
Sorcerer (film)	director	William Friedkin
Samson and Delilah (1949 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Icicle Thief	director	Maurizio Nichetti
From Dusk till Dawn	director	Robert Rodriguez
Tactics Ogre: Let Us Cling Together	director	Yasumi Matsuno
Tactics Ogre: Let Us Cling Together	director	Hiroshi Minagawa
Legally Blonde 2: Red, White & Blonde	director	Charles Herman-Wurmfeld
Decoys (film)	director	Matthew Hastings
Class Action (film)	director	Michael Apted
Blowup	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Power Rangers Ninja Storm	director	Koichi Sakamoto
Elf (film)	director	Jon Favreau
The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea	director	Jim Kammerud
The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea	director	Brian Smith (animator)
Cross of Iron	director	Sam Peckinpah
Licence to Kill	director	John Glen (director)
Bright Future	director	Kiyoshi Kurosawa
Better Than Chocolate	director	Anne Wheeler
The Enemy (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	David Carson (director)
Panic Room	director	David Fincher
Pleasantville (film)	director	Gary Ross
Rabid	director	David Cronenberg
The Brood	director	David Cronenberg
The Dead Zone (film)	director	David Cronenberg
Delicatessen (film)	director	Marc Caro
Delicatessen (film)	director	Jean-Pierre Jeunet
Aimée & Jaguar	director	Max Färberböck
Taxi (2004 film)	director	Tim Story
EuroTrip	director	Jeff Schaffer
Mission: Impossible II	director	John Woo
The Killer (1989 film)	director	John Woo
The Hot Spot	director	Dennis Hopper
Boogie Nights	director	Paul Thomas Anderson
M. Butterfly (film)	director	David Cronenberg
Varalaru (film)	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Underworld (2003 film)	director	Len Wiseman
Electra (1962 film)	director	Michael Cacoyannis
The Apu Trilogy	director	Satyajit Ray
The Measure of a Man (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Scheerer
Scarlet Diva	director	Asia Argento
Fast Times at Ridgemont High	director	Amy Heckerling
Soldier Blue	director	Ralph Nelson
...tick...tick...tick...	director	Ralph Nelson
Big Night	director	Campbell Scott
Big Night	director	Stanley Tucci
The Butterfly Effect	director	Eric Bress
The Butterfly Effect	director	J. Mackye Gruber
Pretty in Pink	director	Howard Deutch
Masada (miniseries)	director	Boris Sagal
The Swiss Family Robinson (1975 TV series)	director	Christian I. Nyby II
The Swiss Family Robinson (1975 TV series)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
The Wedding Singer	director	Frank Coraci
Action Man (TV series)	director	Chris Bartleman
Alienators: Evolution Continues	director	Will Meugniot
The Santa Clause 2	director	Michael Lembeck
Night of Dark Shadows	director	Dan Curtis
The Abominable Dr. Phibes	director	Robert Fuest
The Boys in the Band	director	William Friedkin
Giv'at Halfon Eina Ona	director	Assi Dayan
Inochi	director	Tetsuo Shinohara
Ladyhawke	director	Richard Donner
Dynamite Chicken	director	Ernest Pintoff
Cheaper by the Dozen (2003 film)	director	Shawn Levy
Videodrome	director	David Cronenberg
The Fly (1986 film)	director	David Cronenberg
Wishmaster (film)	director	Robert Kurtzman
The Passion of Joan of Arc	director	Carl Theodor Dreyer
Kameradschaft	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Pandora's Box (film)	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Cyberchase	director	Larry Jacobs
Cyberchase	director	Jason Groh
He-Man and the Masters of the Universe	director	Hal Sutherland
Pi (film)	director	Darren Aronofsky
Dark Season	director	Colin Cant
Hercules in New York	director	Arthur Allan Seidelman
The Devils (film)	director	Ken Russell
Europa Europa	director	Agnieszka Holland
Mystic River (film)	director	Clint Eastwood
Maîtresse	director	Barbet Schroeder
A Bug's Life	director	John Lasseter
Slow Burn	director	Wayne Beach
The Last House on the Left (1972 film)	director	Wes Craven
City of God (2002 film)	director	Fernando Meirelles
City of God (2002 film)	director	Kátia Lund
House of Sand and Fog (film)	director	Vadim Perelman
Cold Mountain (film)	director	Anthony Minghella
Our Friends in the North	director	Simon Cellan-Jones
Our Friends in the North	director	Pedr James
Our Friends in the North	director	Stuart Urban
Deep Throat (film)	director	Gerard Damiano
The Shnookums and Meat Funny Cartoon Show	director	Jeff DeGrandis
The Decline of Western Civilization	director	Penelope Spheeris
Tirana Year Zero	director	Fatmir Koçi
The Second Coming (TV serial)	director	Adrian Shergold
Hilary and Jackie	director	Anand Tucker
Run Lola Run	director	Tom Tykwer
I'll Never Forget What's'isname	director	Michael Winner
In the Company of Men	director	Neil LaBute
Impromptu (1991 film)	director	James Lapine
The Bad News Bears	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Westworld	director	Michael Crichton
Soul Blazer	director	Masaya Hashimoto
ActRaiser	director	Masaya Hashimoto
Madigan's Millions	director	Stanley Prager
Spanking the Monkey	director	David O. Russell
Miracle (film)	director	Gavin O'Connor (director)
The Cathedral	director	Tomasz Bagiński
Mandragora (film)	director	Wiktor Grodecki
The Prince of Egypt	director	Simon Wells
The Prince of Egypt	director	Brenda Chapman
A Cinderella Story	director	Mark Rosman
Medium Cool	director	Haskell Wexler
Pink Floyd: Live at Pompeii	director	Adrian Maben
Philadelphia (film)	director	Jonathan Demme
In America (film)	director	Jim Sheridan
21 Grams	director	Alejandro González Iñárritu
The Cooler	director	Wayne Kramer (filmmaker)
Thirteen (film)	director	Catherine Hardwicke
Pieces of April	director	Peter Hedges
Thunderbirds (film)	director	Jonathan Frakes
Avalon (1990 film)	director	Barry Levinson
Hardcore (1979 film)	director	Paul Schrader
Robin and the 7 Hoods	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Starman (TV series)	director	Bill Duke
Starman (TV series)	director	Mike Gray
Starman (TV series)	director	Robert Hays
Starman (TV series)	director	Nancy Malone
Starman (TV series)	director	Nick Marck
Starman (TV series)	director	Bob Sweeney (director)
Three Days of the Condor	director	Sydney Pollack
The Opening of Misty Beethoven	director	Radley Metzger
The Triplets of Belleville	director	Sylvain Chomet
Shortland Street	director	Angela Bloomfield
Shortland Street	director	Renato Barlotomei
Shortland Street	director	Katherine McRae
Ghost Dog: The Way of the Samurai	director	Jim Jarmusch
An American Werewolf in London	director	John Landis
Blade (film)	director	Stephen Norrington
UFO (TV series)	director	Gerry Anderson
UFO (TV series)	director	Cyril Frankel
UFO (TV series)	director	David Lane (director)
UFO (TV series)	director	Jeremy Summers
UFO (TV series)	director	David Tomblin
UFO (TV series)	director	Ken Turner (director)
The City of Lost Children	director	Jean-Pierre Jeunet
The City of Lost Children	director	Marc Caro
Funny Face	director	Stanley Donen
Tennessee's Partner	director	Allan Dwan
King Kong (2005 film)	director	Peter Jackson
Alice (1990 film)	director	Woody Allen
Anna and the King	director	Andy Tennant
The Business of Strangers	director	Patrick Stettner
Hollywood Ending	director	Woody Allen
Jurassic Park III	director	Joe Johnston
Anything Else	director	Woody Allen
Wasabi (film)	director	Gérard Krawczyk
Laurel Canyon (film)	director	Lisa Cholodenko
Bad News Bears	director	Richard Linklater
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen	director	Sara Sugarman
Le Divorce	director	James Ivory (director)
Alex & Emma	director	Rob Reiner
Branded to Kill	director	Seijun Suzuki
The Life of Oharu	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Can't Hardly Wait	director	Deborah Kaplan
Can't Hardly Wait	director	Harry Elfont
The Statement	director	Norman Jewison
Celtic Pride	director	Tom DeCerchio
At the End of the Day: The Sue Rodriguez Story	director	Sheldon Larry
Sanshiro Sugata	director	Akira Kurosawa
50 First Dates	director	Peter Segal
Just Married	director	Shawn Levy
The Jeffersons	director	Oz Scott
The Jeffersons	director	Jack Shea
The Jeffersons	director	Tony Singletary
The Neutral Zone (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	James L. Conway
Eraser (film)	director	Chuck Russell
Uncle Nino	director	Robert Shallcross
Blade II	director	Guillermo del Toro
Brain Candy	director	Kelly Makin
Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas	director	Andy Knight
Batman Begins	director	Christopher Nolan
Basic Instinct	director	Paul Verhoeven
The King of Comedy (1983 film)	director	Martin Scorsese
Expiration (film)	director	Gavin Heffernan
The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert	director	Stephan Elliott
Point Break	director	Kathryn Bigelow
The Court Jester	director	Melvin Frank
The Court Jester	director	Norman Panama
Real Genius	director	Martha Coolidge
Young Einstein	director	Yahoo Serious
Malèna	director	Giuseppe Tornatore
Miranda (1948 film)	director	Ken Annakin
The War Room	director	Chris Hegedus
The War Room	director	D. A. Pennebaker
Mortal Kombat: Annihilation	director	John R. Leonetti
Doctor's Orders	director	Roxann Dawson
National Gallery of Canada	director	Marc Mayer
Weird TV	director	Chuck Cirino
Fanny and Alexander	director	Ingmar Bergman
One Perfect Day	director	Paul Currie
Pitch Black (film)	director	David Twohy
Dr. Phibes Rises Again	director	Robert Fuest
Dead Heat (1988 film)	director	Mark Goldblatt
Average Joe (TV series)	director	Jason Raff
Little Man Tate	director	Jodie Foster
Rush Hour (film)	director	Brett Ratner
Never Say Never Again	director	Irvin Kershner
Kiki's Delivery Service	director	Hayao Miyazaki
Kiki's Delivery Service	director	Sunao Katabuchi
Memories (film)	director	Kōji Morimoto
Memories (film)	director	Tensai Okamura
Memories (film)	director	Katsuhiro Otomo
Pokémon Gold and Silver	director	Satoshi Tajiri
Pokémon Gold and Silver	director	Junichi Masuda
The Beastmaster (film)	director	Don Coscarelli
The Limey	director	Steven Soderbergh
Shiva (1989 film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Doom (film)	director	Andrzej Bartkowiak
Jacob's Ladder (film)	director	Adrian Lyne
Home on the Range (film)	director	Will Finn
Home on the Range (film)	director	John Sanford (animator)
S.O.B. (1981 film)	director	Blake Edwards
Toys (film)	director	Barry Levinson
Kohtalon kirja	director	Tommi Lepola
Kohtalon kirja	director	Tero Molin
Beautiful Life (2000 TV series)	director	Kōzō Nagayama
Beautiful Life (2000 TV series)	director	Masayuki Suzuki (director)
Beautiful Life (2000 TV series)	director	Hirotsugu Usui
Taiyō o Nusunda Otoko	director	Kazuhiko Hasegawa
The Private Life of Helen of Troy	director	Alexander Korda
Hatchery (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Michael Grossman
The Appointments of Dennis Jennings	director	Dean Parisot
Forbidden Zone	director	Richard Elfman
The Barbarian Invasions	director	Denys Arcand
Chance (film)	director	Amber Benson
War in the Kitchen	director	Marius Barna
La Haine	director	Mathieu Kassovitz
Weapons of Mass Distraction	director	Stephen Surjik
The Delinquents (1957 film)	director	Robert Altman
The Adventures of Milo and Otis	director	Masanori Hata
The Order (2003 film)	director	Brian Helgeland
Jesus of Montreal	director	Denys Arcand
Blackboard Jungle	director	Richard Brooks
The Music Lovers	director	Ken Russell
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue	director	Koichi Sakamoto
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue	director	Isaac Florentine
Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue	director	Jonathan Tzachor
A Mighty Wind	director	Christopher Guest
Curtis Institute of Music	director	Roberto Díaz (violist)
Mystic Pizza	director	Donald Petrie
Big Daddy (film)	director	Dennis Dugan
Conker's Bad Fur Day	director	Chris Seavor
Beckett on Film	director	Anthony Minghella
Beckett on Film	director	Atom Egoyan
Beckett on Film	director	Charles Sturridge
Beckett on Film	director	Conor McPherson
Beckett on Film	director	Damien O'Donnell
Sylvia (2003 film)	director	Christine Jeffs
Slacker (film)	director	Richard Linklater
Dazed and Confused	director	Richard Linklater
Serenity (film)	director	Joss Whedon
Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse	director	George Hickenlooper
Out of Sight	director	Steven Soderbergh
Ferry Tales	director	Katja Esson
Fantasia 2000	director	Fantasia 2000#Credits
Frenzy	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Bandit Queen	director	Shekhar Kapur
Afterglow (film)	director	Alan Rudolph
Glory (1989 film)	director	Edward Zwick
Frida	director	Julie Taymor
Heaven (2002 film)	director	Tom Tykwer
The Poseidon Adventure (1972 film)	director	Ronald Neame
The Poseidon Adventure (1972 film)	director	Irwin Allen
Thunderpants	director	Peter Hewitt (film director)
National Lampoon's Vacation	director	Harold Ramis
Dolls (film)	director	Takeshi Kitano
Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo	director	Vincent McEveety
Ninja Scroll	director	Yoshiaki Kawajiri
Azati Prime	director	Allan Kroeker
All Dogs Go to Heaven	director	Don Bluth
Cannibal Holocaust	director	Ruggero Deodato
Institute of Contemporary Arts	director	Gregor Muir
The Ghost and the Darkness	director	Stephen Hopkins (director)
Earthquake (film)	director	Mark Robson
The Return of the King (1980 film)	director	Jules Bass
The Return of the King (1980 film)	director	Arthur Rankin, Jr.
Daana Veera Soora Karna	director	N. T. Rama Rao
The Boondock Saints	director	Troy Duffy
Freddy Got Fingered	director	Tom Green
Mughal-e-Azam	director	K. Asif
King Kong (1976 film)	director	John Guillermin
The Raven (1963 film)	director	Roger Corman
Secret Window	director	David Koepp
Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Z'ha'dum	director	Adam Nimoy
Trading Places	director	John Landis
North Star (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Straiton
Little House on the Prairie (TV series)	director	William F. Claxton
Little House on the Prairie (TV series)	director	Victor French
Little House on the Prairie (TV series)	director	Michael Landon
Little House on the Prairie (TV series)	director	Leo Penn
Red Shoe Diaries	director	Daniel Ducovny
Red Shoe Diaries	director	Rafael Eisenman
Red Shoe Diaries	director	Zalman King
Red Shoe Diaries	director	Tibor Takács (director)
Unification (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Les Landau
Unification (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Cliff Bole
Piccadilly (film)	director	Ewald André Dupont
Bottle Rocket	director	Wes Anderson
Broken Arrow (1996 film)	director	John Woo
Tombstone (film)	director	George P. Cosmatos
Tombstone (film)	director	Kurt Russell
Tombstone (film)	director	Kevin Jarre
Similitude (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	LeVar Burton
Kill Bill Volume 2	director	Quentin Tarantino
Hidalgo (film)	director	Joe Johnston
Man on Fire (2004 film)	director	Tony Scott
Shrek 2	director	Andrew Adamson
Shrek 2	director	Kelly Asbury
Shrek 2	director	Conrad Vernon
The Mission (1986 film)	director	Roland Joffé
Superman (1940s cartoons)	director	Dan Gordon (animator)
Superman (1940s cartoons)	director	Dave Fleischer
Superman (1940s cartoons)	director	Seymour Kneitel
Tin Toy	director	John Lasseter
Scott of the Antarctic (film)	director	Charles Frend
Laramie (TV series)	director	Earl Bellamy
Laramie (TV series)	director	Thomas Carr (director)
Laramie (TV series)	director	Herschel Daugherty
Laramie (TV series)	director	Tay Garnett
Laramie (TV series)	director	Jesse Hibbs
Laramie (TV series)	director	Joseph Kane
Laramie (TV series)	director	Francis D. Lyon
Laramie (TV series)	director	Lesley Selander
Laramie (TV series)	director	William Witney
Christmas on Mars	director	Wayne Coyne
Christmas on Mars	director	Bradley Beesley
Power Rangers Wild Force	director	Koichi Sakamoto
Power Rangers Wild Force	director	Jonathan Tzachor
Power Rangers Time Force	director	Koichi Sakamoto
Power Rangers Time Force	director	Kaizo Hayashi
Power Rangers Time Force	director	Isaac Florentine
Power Rangers Time Force	director	Jonathan Tzachor
Schizopolis	director	Steven Soderbergh
A Trip to the Moon	director	Georges Méliès
Cannibal! The Musical	director	Trey Parker
The Corruptor	director	James Foley
Fashion Institute of Technology  The Museum at FIT   1	director	Valerie Steele
Melinda and Melinda	director	Woody Allen
Frankenweenie (1984 film)	director	Tim Burton
Ed Wood (film)	director	Tim Burton
Diamond Head (film)	director	Guy Green (filmmaker)
Jaws: The Revenge	director	Joseph Sargent
Frequency (film)	director	Gregory Hoblit
Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad	director	Samir Barua
Scary Movie 2	director	Keenen Ivory Wayans
Macbeth (1971 film)	director	Roman Polanski
Cat's Eye (1985 film)	director	Lewis Teague
Night Shift (film)	director	Ron Howard
Canadian Centre for Architecture	director	Mirko Zardini
Bad Taste	director	Peter Jackson
Child's Play 3	director	Jack Bender
Child's Play (1988 film)	director	Tom Holland (director)
Child's Play 2	director	John Lafia
War of the Worlds (2005 film)	director	Steven Spielberg
Quicksilver Highway	director	Mick Garris
Prick Up Your Ears	director	Stephen Frears
Bloodsport (film)	director	Newt Arnold
Hysterical Blindness (film)	director	Mira Nair
The Talented Mr. Ripley (film)	director	Anthony Minghella
Creepshow	director	George A. Romero
Kenny vs. Spenny	director	Spencer Rice
Kenny vs. Spenny	director	Kenny Hotz
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind	director	Michel Gondry
Roustabout (film)	director	John Rich (director)
Honey (2003 film)	director	Bille Woodruff
National Portrait Gallery (United States)	director	Martin E. Sullivan
National Portrait Gallery, London	director	Sandy Nairne
Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls	director	Steve Oedekerk
Lorenzo's Oil	director	George Miller (filmmaker)
Dawn of the Dead (2004 film)	director	Zack Snyder
Silent Running	director	Douglas Trumbull
Body Heat	director	Lawrence Kasdan
Animal Crossing (video game)	director	Katsuya Eguchi
The Games (film)	director	Michael Winner
Octopussy	director	John Glen (director)
Cabin Fever (film)	director	Eli Roth
Strictly Ballroom	director	Baz Luhrmann
Tuvix	director	Cliff Bole
Boys Don't Cry (film)	director	Kimberly Peirce
Beaches (film)	director	Garry Marshall
The Danny Thomas Show	director	Sheldon Leonard
The Danny Thomas Show	director	William Asher
The Danny Thomas Show	director	Danny Thomas
The Lucy Show	director	Jack Donohue
A League of Their Own	director	Penny Marshall
The Phil Silvers Show	director	Nat Hiken
Fear and Desire	director	Stanley Kubrick
Volcano (1997 film)	director	Mick Jackson (director)
Ipolochagos Natassa	director	Nikos Foskolos
Monsieur Verdoux	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Big Chill (film)	director	Lawrence Kasdan
The One (2001 film)	director	James Wong (producer)
A Woman of Paris	director	Charlie Chaplin
Along Came Polly	director	John Hamburg
Starsky & Hutch (film)	director	Todd Phillips
Barbershop 2: Back in Business	director	Kevin Rodney Sullivan
They Were Expendable	director	John Ford
Dogfight (film)	director	Nancy Savoca
Van Helsing (film)	director	Stephen Sommers
Demolition Man (film)	director	Marco Brambilla
The Works (film)	director	Lance Williams
Possession (2002 film)	director	Neil LaBute
Carnal Knowledge (film)	director	Mike Nichols
Police Academy (franchise)	director	Hugh Wilson (director)
Police Academy (franchise)	director	Jerry Paris
Police Academy (franchise)	director	Jim Drake
Police Academy (franchise)	director	Alan Myerson
Police Academy (franchise)	director	Peter Bonerz
MirrorMask	director	Dave McKean
I Am Not What You Want	director	Kit Hung
Born Free	director	James Hill (British director)
The Gospel of John (film)	director	Philip Saville
Rapid Fire (1992 film)	director	Dwight H. Little
The Mighty Ducks	director	Stephen Herek
The Fly (1958 film)	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
A Matter of Life and Death (film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
A Matter of Life and Death (film)	director	Emeric Pressburger
Four Rooms	director	Allison Anders
Four Rooms	director	Alexandre Rockwell
Four Rooms	director	Robert Rodriguez
Four Rooms	director	Quentin Tarantino
Midnight on the Firing Line	director	Richard Compton
Soul Hunter (Babylon 5)	director	Jim Johnston (director)
Born to the Purple	director	Bruce Seth Green
Infection (Babylon 5)	director	Richard Compton
The Parliament of Dreams	director	Jim Johnston (director)
Mind War	director	Bruce Seth Green
The War Prayer (Babylon 5)	director	Richard Compton
And the Sky Full of Stars	director	Janet Greek
Deathwalker	director	Bruce Seth Green
Survivors (Babylon 5)	director	Jim Johnston (director)
By Any Means Necessary (Babylon 5)	director	Jim Johnston (director)
Signs and Portents	director	Janet Greek
TKO (Babylon 5)	director	John C. Flinn, III
Grail (Babylon 5)	director	Richard Compton
Eyes (Babylon 5)	director	Jim Johnston (director)
Babylon Squared	director	Jim Johnston (director)
The Quality of Mercy (Babylon 5)	director	Lorraine Senna Ferrara
A Voice in the Wilderness (Babylon 5)	director	Janet Greek
Chrysalis (Babylon 5)	director	Janet Greek
Points of Departure (Babylon 5)	director	Janet Greek
Revelations (Babylon 5)	director	Jim Johnston (director)
The Geometry of Shadows	director	Mike Vejar
A Distant Star	director	Jim Johnston (director)
The Long Dark	director	Mario Di Leo
A Spider in the Web	director	Kevin G. Cremin
Soul Mates	director	John C. Flinn, III
A Race Through Dark Places	director	Jim Johnston (director)
The Coming of Shadows	director	Janet Greek
Gropos	director	Jim Johnston (director)
All Alone in the Night	director	Mario Di Leo
Acts of Sacrifice	director	Jim Johnston (director)
Hunter, Prey	director	Minachem Binetski
There All the Honor Lies	director	Mike Vejar
And Now for a Word	director	Mario Di Leo
In the Shadow of Z'ha'dum	director	David J. Eagle
Knives (Babylon 5)	director	Stephen L. Posey
Confessions and Lamentations	director	Kevin G. Cremin
Divided Loyalties	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
The Long, Twilight Struggle	director	John C. Flinn, III
Comes the Inquisitor	director	Mike Vejar
The Cannonball Run	director	Hal Needham
Matters of Honor (Babylon 5)	director	Kevin G. Cremin
Convictions (Babylon 5)	director	Mike Vejar
A Day in the Strife	director	David J. Eagle
Voices of Authority	director	Menachem Binitsky
Dust to Dust (Babylon 5)	director	David J. Eagle
Exogenesis (Babylon 5)	director	Kevin Cremin
Messages from Earth	director	Mike Vejar
Point of No Return (Babylon 5)	director	Jim Johnston (director)
Severed Dreams	director	David J. Eagle
Ceremonies of Light and Dark	director	John Flinn, III
Sic Transit Vir	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
A Late Delivery from Avalon	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
Ship of Tears	director	Mike Vejar
Interludes and Examinations	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
War Without End (Babylon 5)	director	Mike Vejar
Walkabout (Babylon 5)	director	Kevin Cremin
Grey 17 Is Missing	director	John Flinn, III
And the Rock Cried Out, No Hiding Place	director	David J. Eagle
Shadow Dancing (Babylon 5)	director	Kim Friedman
The Hour of the Wolf	director	David Eagle
Whatever Happened to Mr. Garibaldi?	director	Kevin James Dobson
Robin Hood: Men in Tights	director	Mel Brooks
Hoppity Hooper	director	Pete Burness
Hoppity Hooper	director	Bill Hurtz
Hoppity Hooper	director	Lew Keller
Good Times with Weapons	director	Trey Parker
Falling Toward Apotheosis	director	David J. Eagle
The Long Night (Babylon 5)	director	John Lafia
Into the Fire (Babylon 5)	director	Kevin James Dobson
Epiphanies (Babylon 5)	director	John Flinn, III
The Illusion of Truth	director	Stephen Furst
Atonement (Babylon 5)	director	Tony Dow
Racing Mars	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
Lines of Communication (Babylon 5)	director	John Flinn, III
Conflicts of Interest (Babylon 5)	director	David J. Eagle
Rumors, Bargains and Lies	director	Mike Vejar
Moments of Transition	director	Tony Dow
No Surrender, No Retreat	director	Mike Vejar
The Exercise of Vital Powers	director	John Lafia
The Face of the Enemy (Babylon 5)	director	Mike Vejar
Intersections in Real Time	director	John Lafia
Between the Darkness and the Light	director	David J. Eagle
Rangeela (film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Rising Star (Babylon 5)	director	Tony Dow
The Very Long Night of Londo Mollari	director	David J. Eagle
No Compromises	director	Janet Greek
The Paragon of Animals	director	Mike Vejar
A View from the Gallery	director	Mike Vejar
La Dolce Vita	director	Federico Fellini
Learning Curve (Babylon 5)	director	David J. Eagle
Strange Relations (Babylon 5)	director	John C. Flinn, III
Secrets of the Soul	director	Tony Dow
In the Kingdom of the Blind	director	David J. Eagle
A Tragedy of Telepaths	director	Tony Dow
Phoenix Rising (Babylon 5)	director	David J. Eagle
Day of the Dead (Babylon 5)	director	Doug Lefler
The Corps is Mother, the Corps is Father	director	Stephen Furst
Meditations on the Abyss	director	Mike Vejar
Darkness Ascending	director	Janet Greek
And All My Dreams, Torn Asunder	director	Goran Gajić
Movements of Fire and Shadow	director	John C. Flinn, III
The Fall of Centauri Prime	director	Douglas E. Wise
Wheel of Fire (Babylon 5)	director	Janet Greek
Objects in Motion	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
Objects at Rest	director	John Copeland
Sleeping in Light	director	J. Michael Straczynski
Garden State (film)	director	Zach Braff
Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence	director	Nagisa Oshima
The Secret of NIMH	director	Don Bluth
Con Air	director	Simon West
The Petrified Forest	director	Archie Mayo
Stranger on the Third Floor	director	Boris Ingster
High Sierra (film)	director	Raoul Walsh
Stripes (film)	director	Ivan Reitman
Dirty Work (1998 film)	director	Bob Saget
What's the Worst That Could Happen?	director	Sam Weisman
Risky Business	director	Paul Brickman
Children on Their Birthdays	director	Mark Medoff
You Rang, M'Lord?	director	David Croft (TV producer)
The Wizard of Oz (1939 film)	director	Victor Fleming
The Wizard of Oz (1939 film)	director	Norman Taurog
The Wizard of Oz (1939 film)	director	Richard Thorpe
The Wizard of Oz (1939 film)	director	George Cukor
The Wizard of Oz (1939 film)	director	King Vidor
The Wizard of Oz (1939 film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Marianopolis College	director	Len Even
The Royale	director	Cliff Bole
Bus Stop (film)	director	Joshua Logan
Running Mates (Family Guy)	director	John Holmquist
I, Borg	director	Robert Lederman
Future Imperfect	director	Les Landau
Hopscotch (film)	director	Ronald Neame
Monsieur Ibrahim	director	François Dupeyron
Blondie (film)	director	Frank R. Strayer
Hour Glass (TV series)	director	Ed Sobol
Dog Soldiers (film)	director	Neil Marshall
And God Created Woman (1956 film)	director	Roger Vadim
I, Robot (film)	director	Alex Proyas
The Princess Diaries (film)	director	Garry Marshall
Lost in Space (film)	director	Stephen Hopkins (director)
The Yards	director	James Gray (film director)
The Incredibles	director	Brad Bird
The 20th Century	director	Peter Poor
The 20th Century	director	Willard Van Dyke
The 20th Century	director	Nicholas Webster
The 20th Century	director	Wade Bingham
The 20th Century	director	Robert K. Sharpe
The 20th Century	director	Av Westin
The 20th Century	director	Harry Rasky
The 20th Century	director	Burton Benjamin
The 20th Century	director	Earle Luby
77 Sunset Strip	director	Irving J. Moore
Dot and the Kangaroo    1	director	Yoram Gross
The Living Daylights	director	John Glen (director)
Enlightenment Guaranteed	director	Doris Dörrie
Journey to the Center of the Earth (1959 film)	director	Henry Levin
Beetlejuice (TV series)	director	Robin Budd
Free Willy	director	Simon Wincer
Conundrum (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Les Landau
The Stranger (1967 film)	director	Luchino Visconti
Jersey Girl (2004 film)	director	Kevin Smith
The Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok	director	Wesley Barry
The Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok	director	William Beaudine
The Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok	director	Thomas Carr (director)
The Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok	director	Jean Yarbrough
Prime Cut	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Frank Herbert's Dune	director	John Harrison (filmmaker)
Romance (1999 film)	director	Catherine Breillat
Force of Nature (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Lederman
Inheritance (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Scheerer
Mothra vs. Godzilla	director	Ishirō Honda
Godzilla Raids Again	director	Motoyoshi Oda
How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days	director	Donald Petrie
Against All Odds (film)	director	Taylor Hackford
One Million Years B.C.	director	Don Chaffey
Star Search	director	Tony Charmoli
Down to Earth (2001 film)	director	Chris Weitz
Down to Earth (2001 film)	director	Paul Weitz (filmmaker)
An Angel at My Table	director	Jane Campion
Exorcist II: The Heretic	director	John Boorman
Exorcist II: The Heretic	director	Rospo Pallenberg
National Museum of the United States Air Force	director	John L. Hudson
Walking Tall	director	Phil Karlson
Absolute Power (comedy)	director	John Morton (writer)
Absolute Power (comedy)	director	Tristram Shapeero
A Wedding for Bella	director	Melissa Martin
Babe: Pig in the City	director	George Miller (filmmaker)
The Wedding Banquet	director	Ang Lee
Shore Leave (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Robert Sparr
Formula 17	director	Chen Yin-jung
Searching for Bobby Fischer	director	Steven Zaillian
Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem	director	Denis Dyack
My Life Without Me	director	Isabel Coixet
Tezaab	director	N. Chandra
Something Big	director	Andrew McLaglen
Roxanne (film)	director	Fred Schepisi
Alien Nation (film)	director	Graham Baker (director)
Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts	director	Robert Stevens
B. J. and the Bear	director	Bruce Bilson
B. J. and the Bear	director	Daniel Haller
B. J. and the Bear	director	Christian I. Nyby II
This Side of Paradise (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Ralph Senensky
Intelligent Qube	director	Kenji Sawaguchi
Affair in Trinidad	director	Vincent Sherman
Cousins (film)	director	Joel Schumacher
Adventures in Babysitting	director	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead	director	Stephen Herek
Hiding Out	director	Bob Giraldi
Pay It Forward	director	Mimi Leder
Green Acres	director	Richard L. Bare
Hard Boiled	director	John Woo
Singles (1992 film)	director	Cameron Crowe
The Greatest Canadian	director	Guy O'Sullivan
Romancing the Stone	director	Robert Zemeckis
Lenore, the Cute Little Dead Girl	director	Roman Dirge
The Trouble with Harry	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Mr. Belvedere	director	Noam Pitlik
Mr. Belvedere	director	Michael Zinberg
Mr. Belvedere	director	Gerren Keith
Mr. Belvedere	director	Tony Singletary
The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit	director	Nunnally Johnson
Velvet Goldmine	director	Todd Haynes
Pikmin	director	Shigefumi Hino
Pikmin	director	Masamichi Abe
Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham...	director	Karan Johar
9 to 5 (film)	director	Colin Higgins
Rambo: First Blood Part II	director	George P. Cosmatos
Limelight (1952 film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Return to Oz	director	Walter Murch
Cannonball Run II	director	Hal Needham
A View to a Kill	director	John Glen (director)
Carry On Again Doctor	director	Gerald Thomas
Carry On England	director	Gerald Thomas
Carry On Behind	director	Gerald Thomas
Carry On at Your Convenience	director	Gerald Thomas
Rules of Acquisition (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	David Livingston
Rivals (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	David Livingston
Melora	director	Winrich Kolbe
Showdown in Little Tokyo	director	Mark L. Lester
Genghis Blues	director	Roko Belic
WCW Monday Nitro	director	Craig Leathers
Go (1999 film)	director	Doug Liman
The Getaway (1972 film)	director	Sam Peckinpah
Those Magnificent Men in their Flying Machines	director	Ken Annakin
Tom Terrific	director	Gene Deitch
Profit and Loss (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Robert Wiemer
The Maquis	director	David Livingston
The Maquis	director	Corey Allen
Blood Oath (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Sleeper (film)	director	Woody Allen
Audition (film)	director	Takashi Miike
Best in Show (film)	director	Christopher Guest
The Nutty Professor	director	Jerry Lewis
Empok Nor	director	Mike Vejar
And Now for Something Completely Different	director	Ian MacNaughton
The Chimp Channel	director	Brad Morrison
The Chimp Channel	director	Corky Quackenbush
This Is the Army    1	director	Michael Curtiz
Once Upon a Time in Mexico	director	Robert Rodriguez
Straight to Hell (film)	director	Alex Cox
A Bronx Tale	director	Robert De Niro
Tales from the Darkside: The Movie	director	John Harrison (filmmaker)
The Girl Next Door (2004 film)	director	Luke Greenfield
Backdraft (film)	director	Ron Howard
Kal Ho Naa Ho	director	Nikhil Advani
Lake Placid (film)	director	Steve Miner
The Rehearsal (film)	director	Jules Dassin
The Pillow Book (film)	director	Peter Greenaway
The Sacrifice	director	Andrei Tarkovsky
Mr. Deeds	director	Steven Brill (scriptwriter)
Anna and the King of Siam (film)	director	John Cromwell (director)
Kate & Leopold	director	James Mangold
Walkabout (film)	director	Nicolas Roeg
Fear (1996 film)	director	James Foley
Moulin Rouge (1952 film)	director	John Huston
Shattered Glass (film)	director	Billy Ray (screenwriter)
What Lies Beneath	director	Robert Zemeckis
Name of the Rose (2003 film)	director	Mike Moncada
EX-treme Dating	director	Dan Policowski
EX-treme Dating	director	Daniel Adam Smith
Evil Angels (film)	director	Fred Schepisi
Good Boy!	director	John Robert Hoffman
The Whales of August	director	Lindsay Anderson
Three Men and a Baby	director	Leonard Nimoy
Pumpkinhead (film)	director	Stan Winston
Wild and Wooly	director	Philip Leacock
The Thin Blue Line (film)	director	Errol Morris
École supérieure de chimie physique électronique de Lyon	director	École supérieure de chimie physique électronique de Lyon
Capturing the Friedmans	director	Andrew Jarecki
Shaun of the Dead	director	Edgar Wright
Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome	director	George Miller (filmmaker)
Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome	director	George Ogilvie
Homeward (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Alexander Singer
Goodbye Pork Pie	director	Geoff Murphy
Steel Magnolias	director	Herbert Ross
Fahrenheit 9/11	director	Michael Moore
Mary of Scotland (film)	director	John Ford
Cool World	director	Ralph Bakshi
Kalifornia	director	Dominic Sena
The 'Burbs	director	Joe Dante
Manhunter (film)	director	Michael Mann (director)
Scream 2	director	Wes Craven
Scream 3	director	Wes Craven
Sins of the Father (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Les Landau
Pink Lady (TV series)	director	Rudy De Luca
Mazes and Monsters	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
Caddyshack II	director	Allan Arkush
Parallels (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Wiemer
The Search (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Kim Friedman
The Search (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Jonathan Frakes
The Nanny (1965 film)	director	Seth Holt
Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow	director	Kerry Conran
The Beast (1988 film)	director	Kevin Reynolds (director)
The Doors (film)	director	Oliver Stone
Metroid: Zero Mission	director	Yoshio Sakamoto
Koi... Mil Gaya	director	Rakesh Roshan
My Own Private Idaho	director	Gus Van Sant
Them!	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Elementary, Dear Data	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Ship in a Bottle (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Alexander Singer
A Day at the Races (film)	director	Sam Wood
Say Anything...	director	Cameron Crowe
Buster (film)	director	David Green (director)
Art Gallery of Ontario	director	Matthew Teitelbaum
The Canadian Conspiracy	director	Robert Boyd
13 Going on 30	director	Gary Winick
St. Elmo's Fire (film)	director	Joel Schumacher
Cocktail (1988 film)	director	Roger Donaldson
My Sister Sam	director	Peter Bonerz
My Sister Sam	director	Matthew Diamond
My Sister Sam	director	Ellen Gittelsohn
My Sister Sam	director	Barnet Kellman
My Sister Sam	director	Steve Zuckerman
The Enclave	director	Willem van de Sande Bakhuyzen
The Corporation	director	Mark Achbar
The Corporation	director	Jennifer Abbott
The Naked Now	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Code of Honor (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Russ Mayberry
Whiteout (2000 film)	director	Setsurou Wakamatsu
Hard Core Logo	director	Bruce McDonald (film director)
Yodha	director	Sangeeth Sivan
Lessons of Darkness	director	Werner Herzog
The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas	director	Brian Levant
Spider-Man 2	director	Sam Raimi
The Funeral (1984 film)	director	Jūzō Itami
The Funeral (1996 film)	director	Abel Ferrara
New Rose Hotel (film)	director	Abel Ferrara
Wizards (film)	director	Ralph Bakshi
Survival of the Dead	director	George A. Romero
Joanie Loves Chachi	director	Lowell Ganz
Joanie Loves Chachi	director	Joel Zwick
If....	director	Lindsay Anderson
Secrets & Lies (film)	director	Mike Leigh
In the Hands of the Prophets	director	David Livingston
After Hours (film)	director	Martin Scorsese
Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!	director	Robert Luketic
The Crimson Ghost	director	Fred C. Brannon
The Crimson Ghost	director	William Witney
Divine Intervention (film)	director	Elia Suleiman
The Dreamers (film)	director	Bernardo Bertolucci
Kids (film)	director	Larry Clark
Mama's Family	director	Harvey Korman
Mama's Family	director	Dick Martin (comedian)
Hatred (film)	director	Samvel Gasparov
Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House	director	H. C. Potter
Kiss of Death (1947 film)	director	Henry Hathaway
Kiss of Death (1995 film)	director	Barbet Schroeder
Hooper (film)	director	Hal Needham
Murder by Numbers	director	Barbet Schroeder
Rasen	director	Joji Iida
Trog	director	Freddie Francis
The Mighty	director	Peter Chelsom
Ghostbusters II	director	Ivan Reitman
Thriller – A Cruel Picture	director	Bo Arne Vibenius
Tangled	director	Byron Howard
The Big One (film)	director	Michael Moore
Predator 2	director	Stephen Hopkins (director)
Damage (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	James L. Conway
Pikmin 2	director	Shigefumi Hino
Pikmin 2	director	Masamichi Abe
Of Mice and Men (1992 film)	director	Gary Sinise
The Good Old Naughty Days	director	Michel Reilhac
Hannibal (film)	director	Ridley Scott
Jesus Christ Vampire Hunter	director	Lee Demarbre
The House on Chelouche Street	director	Moshé Mizrahi
Drums Along the Mohawk	director	John Ford
The Bridges at Toko-Ri	director	Mark Robson
Children of the Stones	director	Peter Graham Scott
The Titfield Thunderbolt	director	Charles Crichton
The Big Kahuna (film)	director	John Swanbeck
Tuck Everlasting (1981 film)	director	Frederick King Keller
Star Fox (video game)	director	Katsuya Eguchi
Oliver Twist (1948 film)	director	David Lean
Mark of the Vampire	director	Tod Browning
London After Midnight (film)	director	Tod Browning
House on Haunted Hill	director	William Castle
Hard Eight (film)	director	Paul Thomas Anderson
Fear Factor	director	J. Rupert Thompson
That Man from Rio	director	Philippe de Broca
That Man from Rio	director	Jean-Paul Rappeneau
The Beat Generation	director	Charles F. Haas
Two English Girls	director	François Truffaut
Punch-Drunk Love	director	Paul Thomas Anderson
Scum (film)	director	Alan Clarke
Vai viegli būt jaunam?	director	Juris Podnieks
Ciao! Manhattan	director	David Weisman
Inglourious Basterds	director	Quentin Tarantino
The Forgotten (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	LeVar Burton
The Avengers (1998 film)	director	Jeremiah S. Chechik
The Contender (2000 film)	director	Rod Lurie
Silver Streak (film)	director	Arthur Hiller
Dirty Pretty Things (film)	director	Stephen Frears
Hart's War	director	Gregory Hoblit
Two Weeks Notice	director	Marc Lawrence (filmmaker)
Father of the Pride	director	Mark Risley
Mr. Death: The Rise and Fall of Fred A. Leuchter, Jr.	director	Errol Morris
F.I.S.T.	director	Norman Jewison
Beyond Borders	director	Martin Campbell
Waterworld	director	Kevin Reynolds (director)
Waterworld	director	Kevin Costner
Only Yesterday (1991 film)	director	Isao Takahata
The Hindenburg (film)	director	Robert Wise
You Got Served	director	Chris Stokes (record producer)
E²	director	Roxann Dawson
Fame (1980 film)	director	Alan Parker
Ice-Cold in Alex	director	J. Lee Thompson
Desperado (film)	director	Robert Rodriguez
Commissar (film)	director	Aleksandr Askoldov
Super Size Me	director	Morgan Spurlock
Sebastiane	director	Derek Jarman
Sebastiane	director	Paul Humfress
Frankenstein's Daughter	director	Richard E. Cunha
Blood from the Mummy's Tomb	director	Seth Holt
Wadsworth Atheneum    1	director	Susan Lubowsky Talbott
Kanchenjungha	director	Satyajit Ray
Beethoven's 2nd	director	Rod Daniel
Beethoven's 3rd	director	David M. Evans
Beethoven's 4th	director	David M. Evans
Bicycle Thieves	director	Vittorio De Sica
The Earthling	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
The River (1984 film)	director	Mark Rydell
The Way of the Warrior	director	James L. Conway
Down Periscope	director	David S. Ward
Hey Dude	director	Frederick King Keller
You Can Count on Me	director	Kenneth Lonergan
Dickson Greeting	director	William Kennedy Dickson
EDtv	director	Ron Howard
Game Boy Camera	director	Hirokazu Tanaka
Python (film)	director	Richard Clabaugh
State of Play (TV serial)	director	David Yates
Alive (1993 film)	director	Frank Marshall (film producer)
Nirvana (film)	director	Gabriele Salvatores
Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story	director	Rob Cohen
Sholay	director	Ramesh Sippy
Second Sight (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Alexander Singer
Treasure Planet	director	Ron Clements
Treasure Planet	director	John Musker
Face/Off	director	John Woo
Cutthroat Island	director	Renny Harlin
Sanctuary (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Les Landau
The Last Married Couple in America	director	Frank Perry
Jeremiah Johnson (film)	director	Sydney Pollack
Carmen: A Hip Hopera	director	Robert Townsend (actor)
Dogtown and Z-Boys	director	Stacy Peralta
Dracula: Dead and Loving It	director	Mel Brooks
Ghost Dad	director	Sidney Poitier
Days of Thunder	director	Tony Scott
Dracula (1958 film)	director	Terence Fisher
Mr. Nanny	director	Michael Gottlieb
Rush Hour 2	director	Brett Ratner
The Medallion	director	Gordon Chan
Kaput and Zösky	director	Didier Loubat
Front Mission 3	director	Toshiro Tsuchida
The Game (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Corey Allen
11001001	director	Paul Lynch (director)
The Host (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Marvin V. Rush
Time Squared (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Joseph L. Scanlan
We'll Always Have Paris (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert O. Becker
Legends of the Fall	director	Edward Zwick
Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius	director	John A. Davis
Ivan's Childhood	director	Andrei Tarkovsky
Wanda at Large	director	John Blanchard
Wanda at Large	director	Gerry Cohen (director)
Wanda at Large	director	Leonard R. Garner, Jr.
Wanda at Large	director	Katy Garretson
Wanda at Large	director	Shelley Jensen
Wanda at Large	director	Bob Koherr
Wanda at Large	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
What's Eating Gilbert Grape	director	Lasse Hallström
Conquest of the Planet of the Apes	director	J. Lee Thompson
Liar Liar	director	Tom Shadyac
Triangle (TV series)	director	Marc W. Miller
Triangle (TV series)	director	John Bird (director)
Triangle (TV series)	director	Darrol Blake
Triangle (TV series)	director	Terence Dudley
Uncle Buck	director	John Hughes (filmmaker)
I Still Know What You Did Last Summer	director	Danny Cannon
The Next Karate Kid	director	Christopher Cain
Barcelona (film)	director	Whit Stillman
Snake & Crane Arts of Shaolin	director	Chen Chi Hwa
Tricks (film)	director	Andrzej Jakimowski
Big Town	director	Busby Berkeley
Big Town	director	Ewald André Dupont
Big Town	director	Charles F. Haas
Big Town	director	Mark Stevens (actor)
Broken Arrow (TV series)	director	Richard L. Bare
Broken Arrow (TV series)	director	William Beaudine
Broken Arrow (TV series)	director	John English (director)
Broken Arrow (TV series)	director	Charles F. Haas
Broken Arrow (TV series)	director	Joseph Kane
Broken Arrow (TV series)	director	Bernard L. Kowalski
Broken Arrow (TV series)	director	Albert S. Rogell
One, Two, Three	director	Billy Wilder
Change of Habit	director	William A. Graham (director)
Change of Habit	director	James A. Rosenberger
The Council	director	David Livingston
Sirivennela	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Killing Zoe	director	Roger Avary
Guilty as Sin	director	Sidney Lumet
Kuch Kuch Hota Hai	director	Karan Johar
The Last Seduction	director	John Dahl
The Big Brawl	director	Robert Clouse
The Philadelphia Experiment (film)	director	Stewart Raffill
The Lost World: Jurassic Park	director	Steven Spielberg
A Cool, Dry Place	director	John N. Smith
The Cell	director	Tarsem Singh
Criminal Law (film)	director	Martin Campbell
American Gigolo	director	Paul Schrader
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film)	director	Alfonso Cuarón
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film)	director	Mike Newell (director)
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film)	director	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film)	director	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
Manimal	director	Daniel Haller
Manimal	director	Sidney Hayers
Manimal	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Shaolin Wooden Men	director	Chen Chi-Hwa
Persona (film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
Cats Don't Dance	director	Mark Dindal
The Company (film)	director	Robert Altman
Ship of Fools (film)	director	Stanley Kramer
Pather Panchali	director	Satyajit Ray
Final Fantasy VII Advent Children	director	Tetsuya Nomura
Suburbia (film)	director	Penelope Spheeris
The Chronicles of Riddick	director	David Twohy
1991: The Year Punk Broke	director	Dave Markey
National Museum of Ireland	director	Patrick F. Wallace
Bull Durham	director	Ron Shelton
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (film)	director	David Yates
Love Me Tender (film)	director	Robert D. Webb
Love Me Tender (film)	director	Stanley Hough
Tom and Huck	director	Peter Hewitt (film director)
Kitchen Stories	director	Bent Hamer
The Lawnmower Man (film)	director	Brett Leonard
The Shaggy Dog (1959 film)	director	Charles Barton
The Devil's Advocate (film)	director	Taylor Hackford
Night of the Ghouls	director	Ed Wood
My Girl (film)	director	Howard Zieff
Flatliners	director	Joel Schumacher
The Lost Boys	director	Joel Schumacher
Men in Black II	director	Barry Sonnenfeld
Bad Boys (1995 film)	director	Michael Bay
Angel Heart	director	Alan Parker
Young Guns	director	Christopher Cain
The Devil's Own	director	Alan J. Pakula
All India Institute of Medical Sciences	director	Ramesh C. Deka
Young Guns II	director	Geoff Murphy
Rat Race (film)	director	Jerry Zucker (film director)
All Good Things...	director	Winrich Kolbe
Teen Wolf	director	Rod Daniel
Last Action Hero	director	John McTiernan
The Great White Hype	director	Reginald Hudlin
Matilda (film)	director	Danny DeVito
Hamburger Hill	director	John Irvin
Short Cuts	director	Robert Altman
In the Line of Fire	director	Wolfgang Petersen
Wild America (TV series)	director	Marty Stouffer
Night Watch (1973 film)	director	Brian G. Hutton
The Terminal	director	Steven Spielberg
23 (film)	director	Hans-Christian Schmid
Dr. T & the Women	director	Robert Altman
200 Cigarettes	director	Risa Bramon Garcia
Half Baked	director	Tamra Davis
Blood Feast	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Precious Images	director	Chuck Workman
Vision Quest	director	Harold Becker
Gross Anatomy (film)	director	Thom Eberhardt
Soul Plane	director	Jessy Terrero
Canadian Bacon	director	Michael Moore
Without Warning (1994 film)	director	Robert Iscove
Open Your Eyes (1997 film)	director	Alejandro Amenábar
George of the Jungle	director	Gerard Baldwin
George of the Jungle	director	Frank Braxton
George of the Jungle	director	Pete Burness
George of the Jungle	director	Jim Hiltz
George of the Jungle	director	Lew Keller
George of the Jungle	director	John Walker
The Jungle Book (1967 film)	director	Wolfgang Reitherman
Empty Nest	director	Andy Cadiff
Empty Nest	director	Dinah Manoff
Empty Nest	director	Steve Zuckerman
Ruthless People	director	Jim Abrahams
Ruthless People	director	David Zucker (filmmaker)
Ruthless People	director	Jerry Zucker (film director)
Dirty Dancing	director	Emile Ardolino
Beverly Hills Cop	director	Martin Brest
Mutant Aliens	director	Bill Plympton
Lady in the Lake	director	Robert Montgomery (actor)
Set It Off	director	F. Gary Gray
The Preacher's Wife	director	Penny Marshall
Consenting Adults	director	Alan J. Pakula
Menace II Society	director	Hughes brothers
Zero Hour (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Allan Kroeker
The Crimson Permanent Assurance	director	Terry Gilliam
Bambi	director	David Hand (animator)
Kazaam	director	Paul Michael Glaser
Little Big Man (film)	director	Arthur Penn
The Damned (1969 film)	director	Luchino Visconti
Zapata: El sueño de un héroe	director	Alfonso Arau
Enemy of the State (film)	director	Tony Scott
Bedazzled (1967 film)	director	Stanley Donen
The Last Tycoon (film)	director	Elia Kazan
Teen Wolf Too	director	Christopher Leitch
Innerspace	director	Joe Dante
Problem Child 2	director	Brian Levant
Loaded Weapon 1	director	Gene Quintano
Sixteen Candles	director	John Hughes (filmmaker)
The Wings of Eagles	director	John Ford
Major League (film)	director	David S. Ward
Cradle Will Rock	director	Tim Robbins
New Jack City	director	Mario Van Peebles
Wolf (film)	director	Mike Nichols
Twilight (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
54 (film)	director	Mark Christopher (director)
Birthday Girl	director	Jez Butterworth
Music of the Heart	director	Wes Craven
What Dreams May Come (film)	director	Vincent Ward
Species (film)	director	Roger Donaldson
The Accused (1988 film)	director	Jonathan Kaplan
The Horse Soldiers	director	John Ford
Election (1999 film)	director	Alexander Payne
Mercury Rising	director	Harold Becker
The Long Kiss Goodnight	director	Renny Harlin
The Hunted (2003 film)	director	William Friedkin
Bad Girls (film)	director	Jonathan Kaplan
Rio Grande (film)	director	John Ford
The Entity	director	Sidney J. Furie
Alone in the Dark (2005 film)	director	Uwe Boll
The Teahouse of the August Moon (film)	director	Daniel Mann
Marked Woman	director	Lloyd Bacon
Marked Woman	director	Michael Curtiz
Manhattan Melodrama	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Stakeout (film)	director	John Badham
Dead Presidents	director	Hughes brothers
A Walk on the Moon	director	Tony Goldwyn
Carlito's Way	director	Brian De Palma
The Fly II	director	Chris Walas
Jack (1996 film)	director	Francis Ford Coppola
The Vanishing (1993 film)	director	George Sluizer
The Official Story	director	Luis Puenzo
Dave (film)	director	Ivan Reitman
Beloved (film)	director	Jonathan Demme
Firefox (film)	director	Clint Eastwood
The Star (2002 film)	director	Nikolai Lebedev (film director)
Les Maîtres du temps	director	René Laloux
Les Maîtres du temps	director	Tibor Hernádi
The Dukes of Hazzard (film)	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
The Inner Light (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Peter Lauritson
Meet the Parents	director	Jay Roach
Lethal Weapon 2	director	Richard Donner
Home Alone 3	director	Raja Gosnell
Lethal Weapon 3	director	Richard Donner
Lethal Weapon 4	director	Richard Donner
Higher Learning	director	John Singleton
At the Circus	director	Edward Buzzell
25th Hour	director	Spike Lee
Casino (film)	director	Martin Scorsese
Yesteryear (Star Trek: The Animated Series)	director	Hal Sutherland
The Magicks of Megas-tu	director	Hal Sutherland
More Tribbles, More Troubles	director	Hal Sutherland
The Frontier (film)	director	Ricardo Larraín
The Trip (1967 film)	director	Roger Corman
Big Trouble in Little China	director	John Carpenter
Here's Boomer	director	Claudio Guzmán
Here's Boomer	director	Herbert Kenwith
Dead Calm (film)	director	Phillip Noyce
Red Dragon (film)	director	Brett Ratner
The Horse Whisperer	director	Robert Redford
National Treasure (film)	director	Jon Turteltaub
National Treasure (film)	director	Jerry Bruckheimer
Nine Months	director	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
Thavory Meas Bong	director	Uon Kon Thuok
Escape from L.A.	director	John Carpenter
The Raccoons	director	Kevin Gillis
The Raccoons	director	Sebastian Grunstra
The Raccoons	director	Paul D. Schibli
Rainbow Brite	director	Osamu Dezaki
Rob Roy (film)	director	Michael Caton-Jones
Spider-Man 3	director	Sam Raimi
The 51st State	director	Ronny Yu
White Palace (film)	director	Luis Mandoki
Free Willy 2: The Adventure Home	director	Dwight H. Little
Monster's Ball	director	Marc Forster
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie	director	Bryan Spicer
Some Kind of Wonderful (film)	director	Howard Deutch
Anaconda (film)	director	Luis Llosa
A Simple Wish	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Box-Office Bunny	director	Darrell Van Citters
Species II	director	Peter Medak
Stolen Summer	director	Project Greenlight#Season one .282001.29
In the Cut	director	Jane Campion
The Mask of Zorro	director	Martin Campbell
Far and Away	director	Ron Howard
Magnum Force	director	Ted Post
Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron	director	Kelly Asbury
The Steve Harvey Show	director	Stan Lathan
The Truth About Cats & Dogs	director	Michael Lehmann
Blue in the Face	director	Paul Auster
Blue in the Face	director	Wayne Wang
Jeans (film)	director	S. Shankar
G.I. Jane	director	Ridley Scott
Waiting for Guffman	director	Christopher Guest
Demon Knight	director	Ernest Dickerson
Demon Knight	director	Gilbert Adler
Bordello of Blood	director	Gilbert Adler
The Last Boy Scout	director	Tony Scott
Saved!	director	Brian Dannelly
Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago	director	Madeleine Grynsztejn
Wing Commander (film)	director	Chris Roberts (film producer)
Snatch (film)	director	Guy Ritchie
Cry Freedom	director	Richard Attenborough
Blue Streak (film)	director	Les Mayfield
Don Juan DeMarco	director	Jeremy Leven
The Stepford Wives (2004 film)	director	Frank Oz
The Story of the Weeping Camel	director	Byambasuren Davaa
The Story of the Weeping Camel	director	Luigi Falorni
Around the World in 80 Days (2004 film)	director	Frank Coraci
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story	director	Rawson Marshall Thurber
Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy	director	Adam McKay
King Arthur (film)	director	Antoine Fuqua
Battle for the Planet of the Apes	director	J. Lee Thompson
The Peacemaker (1997 film)	director	Mimi Leder
The Child (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
The Adventures of Pinocchio (1996 film)	director	Steve Barron
Lucas (film)	director	David Seltzer
Back of the Y Masterpiece Television	director	Chris Stapp
Thoroughly Modern Millie	director	George Roy Hill
The Pilot (Friends)	director	James Burrows
My Stepmother Is an Alien	director	Richard Benjamin
Extinction (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	LeVar Burton
Ikiru	director	Akira Kurosawa
Freddy vs. Jason	director	Ronny Yu
Quadrophenia (film)	director	Franc Roddam
Sleepaway Camp	director	Robert Hiltzik
Meet Joe Black	director	Martin Brest
Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro	director	Kundan Shah
Pandora and the Flying Dutchman	director	Albert Lewin
Parker Lewis Can't Lose	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Parker Lewis Can't Lose	director	Thom Eberhardt
Parker Lewis Can't Lose	director	Tucker Gates
Parker Lewis Can't Lose	director	Lyndall Hobbs
Parker Lewis Can't Lose	director	Jeff Melman
Parker Lewis Can't Lose	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Parker Lewis Can't Lose	director	Bryan Spicer
Parker Lewis Can't Lose	director	Andy Tennant
Ikon Gallery	director	Jonathan Watkins
3000 Miles to Graceland	director	Demian Lichtenstein
Deewaar (1975 film)	director	Yash Chopra
Fire in the Sky	director	Robert Lieberman
The Newton Boys	director	Richard Linklater
The Story of Robin Hood and His Merrie Men	director	Ken Annakin
Mission: Impossible (film)	director	Brian De Palma
Control Room (film)	director	Jehane Noujaim
À nous la liberté	director	René Clair
Circus (1936 film)	director	Grigori Aleksandrov
Zeiram	director	Keita Amemiya
Sleepers (film)	director	Barry Levinson
Murder by Death	director	Robert Moore (director)
The Exorcist (film)	director	William Friedkin
Young Adam (film)	director	David Mackenzie (director)
Dick Tracy (1990 film)	director	Warren Beatty
Rudyard Kipling's The Jungle Book	director	Stephen Sommers
When a Man Loves a Woman (film)	director	Luis Mandoki
Pets or Meat: The Return to Flint	director	Michael Moore
Amores perros	director	Alejandro González Iñárritu
Combat Academy	director	Neal Israel
Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed	director	Raja Gosnell
Soldier (film)	director	Paul W. S. Anderson
Deep Cover	director	Bill Duke
National Lampoon's Last Resort	director	Rafal Zielinski
Flying Padre	director	Stanley Kubrick
Garth Marenghi's Darkplace	director	Richard Ayoade
Behind Enemy Lines (2001 film)	director	John Moore (director)
The Decalogue	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
The Three Colors Trilogy	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
The Double Life of Véronique	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement	director	Garry Marshall
Harlan County, USA	director	Barbara Kopple
Carry On Cleo	director	Gerald Thomas
Nurse Betty	director	Neil LaBute
Posse (1993 film)	director	Mario Van Peebles
With Honors (film)	director	Alek Keshishian
Another Stakeout	director	John Badham
Outbreak (film)	director	Wolfgang Petersen
Terry Jones' Medieval Lives	director	Nigel Miller
More (1969 film)	director	Barbet Schroeder
Agent Cody Banks 2: Destination London	director	Kevin Allen (actor)
Dr. Dolittle 2	director	Steve Carr
Gimme a Break!	director	John Bowab
Gimme a Break!	director	Jim Drake (director)
Gimme a Break!	director	Linda Day
Gimme a Break!	director	Will Mackenzie
Gimme a Break!	director	Tony Singletary
Gimme a Break!	director	Oz Scott
Gimme a Break!	director	Howard Storm (director)
Moonwalker	director	Will Vinton
Moonwalker	director	Jim Blashfield
Multiplicity (film)	director	Harold Ramis
Billy Madison	director	Tamra Davis
Droopy	director	Tex Avery
Droopy	director	Dick Lundy (animator)
Droopy	director	Michael Lah
The Sure Thing	director	Rob Reiner
Short Circuit	director	John Badham
Shock to the System (film)	director	Ron Oliver
My Wrongs 8245–8249 & 117	director	Chris Morris (satirist)
Deadly Games	director	Christian I. Nyby II
1969 (film)	director	Ernest Thompson
Welcome Home, Roxy Carmichael	director	Jim Abrahams
Dumb and Dumber	director	Peter Farrelly
Dumb and Dumber	director	Bobby Farrelly
An American Werewolf in Paris	director	Anthony Waller
Small Wonder (TV series)	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
Small Wonder (TV series)	director	John Bowab
Small Wonder (TV series)	director	Dick Christie
Small Wonder (TV series)	director	Linda Day
Small Wonder (TV series)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Tekken 3	director	Voice acting
Tekken Tag Tournament	director	Voice acting
Tekken 5	director	Voice acting
Blind Date (1987 film)	director	Blake Edwards
The Village (2004 film)	director	M. Night Shyamalan
Scandal (1989 film)	director	Michael Caton-Jones
D.A.R.Y.L.	director	Simon Wincer
Heavy Traffic	director	Ralph Bakshi
Peter Pan (2003 film)	director	P. J. Hogan
En malas compañías	director	Antonio Hens
The Quick and the Dead (1995 film)	director	Sam Raimi
Boys Town (film)	director	Norman Taurog
Titan A.E.	director	Don Bluth
Titan A.E.	director	Gary Goldman
Over the Edge (film)	director	Jonathan Kaplan
Scenes from a Marriage	director	Ingmar Bergman
When We Were Kings	director	Leon Gast
Kolya	director	Jan Svěrák
Doppelgangland	director	Joss Whedon
Hush (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Joss Whedon
James and the Giant Peach (film)	director	Henry Selick
Die Weiße Rose (film)	director	Michael Verhoeven
Kill or Cure (1962 film)	director	George Pollock (director)
Skansen	director	John Brattmyhr
Cliffhanger (film)	director	Renny Harlin
Hair (film)	director	Miloš Forman
Tabula Rasa (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Grossman (director)
Violent Cop	director	Takeshi Kitano
A Scene at the Sea	director	Takeshi Kitano
Getting Any?	director	Takeshi Kitano
Kids Return	director	Takeshi Kitano
Sonatine	director	Takeshi Kitano
Kikujiro	director	Takeshi Kitano
Hana-bi	director	Takeshi Kitano
Brother (2000 film)	director	Takeshi Kitano
Stuart Little 2	director	Rob Minkoff
Britain Goes Wild with Bill Oddie	director	Sue Lewis Robinson
Britain Goes Wild with Bill Oddie	director	David Weir
Homerun (film)	director	Jack Neo
Conexión Caribe	director	Orestes Trucco
Restless (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Joss Whedon
I Spit on Your Grave	director	Meir Zarchi
The Hunting of the President	director	Nickolas Perry
The Hunting of the President	director	Harry Thomason
Man in the Wilderness	director	Richard C. Sarafian
The Dead (film)	director	John Huston
Runaway Jury	director	Gary Fleder
La Bataille du rail	director	René Clément
Look Around You	director	Tim Kirkby
Beer Bad	director	David Solomon (producer)
Josie and the Pussycats (film)	director	Harry Elfont
Josie and the Pussycats (film)	director	Deborah Kaplan
Bishonen (film)	director	Yonfan
David Gilmour in Concert	director	David Mallet (director)
Children of Paradise	director	Marcel Carné
Mo' Better Blues	director	Spike Lee
The House I Live In	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Jabberwocky (film)	director	Terry Gilliam
The Wish (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Greenwalt
Phenomenon (film)	director	Jon Turteltaub
Camille Claudel (film)	director	Bruno Nuytten
Dog Park (film)	director	Bruce McCulloch
The Blob	director	Irvin Yeaworth
Townies	director	Pamela Fryman
Family (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Joss Whedon
Saturday Night Live	director	Dave Wilson (director)
Saturday Night Live	director	Paul Miller (director)
Saturday Night Live	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Saturday Night Live	director	Don Roy King
The Witness (1969 French film)	director	Anne Walter
My Uncle Benjamin	director	Édouard Molinaro
The Seven Year Itch	director	Billy Wilder
Head of State (film)	director	Chris Rock
L'Appartement	director	Gilles Mimouni
Dead Bang	director	John Frankenheimer
Come Back to the Five and Dime, Jimmy Dean, Jimmy Dean (film)	director	Robert Altman
Bring It On (film)	director	Peyton Reed
The Sword and the Rose	director	Ken Annakin
Woman in the Moon	director	Fritz Lang
Live at the Grand Olympic Auditorium    1	director	Jeff Richter
Baise-moi	director	Virginie Despentes
Baise-moi	director	Coralie Trinh Thi
The Baby-Sitters Club (film)	director	Melanie Mayron
The Frighteners	director	Peter Jackson
Alice in Wonderland (1951 film)	director	Clyde Geronimi
Alice in Wonderland (1951 film)	director	Wilfred Jackson
Alice in Wonderland (1951 film)	director	Hamilton Luske
Country (film)	director	Richard Pearce (film director)
Sweet Dreams (1985 film)	director	Karel Reisz
Anna (1987 film)	director	Yurek Bogayevicz
Behind the Screen	director	Charlie Chaplin
Steamboy	director	Katsuhiro Otomo
The Fabulous Baker Boys	director	Steve Kloves
Music Box (film)	director	Costa-Gavras
But I'm a Cheerleader	director	Jamie Babbit
The Grifters (film)	director	Stephen Frears
Mr. and Mrs. Bridge	director	James Ivory (director)
Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe	director	Ford Beebe
Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe	director	Ray Taylor (director)
For the Boys	director	Mark Rydell
Indochine (film)	director	Régis Wargnier
Passion Fish	director	John Sayles
Blue Sky (film)	director	Tony Richardson
Os Normais	director	José Alvarenga Jr.
ChuckleVision	director	BBC
Taking Lives (film)	director	D. J. Caruso
Dead Again	director	Kenneth Branagh
Kirby's Adventure	director	Masahiro Sakurai
Father of the Bride (1991 film)	director	Charles Shyer
The Wild One	director	László Benedek
Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!	director	Russ Meyer
Wilson (film)	director	Henry King (director)
Berserker (1987 film)	director	Jefferson Richard
Michael Moore Hates America	director	Mike Wilson (filmmaker)
Suddenly (1954 film)	director	Lewis Allen (director)
Fat Man and Little Boy	director	Roland Joffé
The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex	director	Michael Curtiz
El Patrullero	director	Alex Cox
Death and the Compass (film)	director	Alex Cox
Promised Land (1987 film)	director	Michael Hoffman (American director)
Phone Booth (film)	director	Joel Schumacher
Green Fire	director	Andrew Marton
Fourteen Hours	director	Henry Hathaway
Duet (TV series)	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
Duet (TV series)	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
Duet (TV series)	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
Duet (TV series)	director	Arlene Sanford
Duet (TV series)	director	David Steinberg
Duet (TV series)	director	Michael Zinberg
Duet (TV series)	director	Steve Zuckerman
Teaching Mrs. Tingle	director	Kevin Williamson (screenwriter)
S.W.A.T. (film)	director	Clark Johnson
Little Women (1994 film)	director	Gillian Armstrong
Tom & Viv	director	Brian Gilbert (director)
Marvin's Room (film)	director	Jerry Zaks
Breaking the Waves	director	Lars von Trier
Enchanted April	director	Mike Newell (director)
The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis	director	Rod Amateau
Spike of Bensonhurst	director	Paul Morrissey
The Singing Ringing Tree	director	Francesco Stefani (film director)
The New People	director	Corey Allen
The New People	director	George McCowan
The New People	director	Nicholas Webster
Dickson Experimental Sound Film	director	William Kennedy Dickson
Casshern (film)	director	Kazuaki Kiriya
El Cid (film)	director	Anthony Mann
True Colors (1991 film)	director	Herbert Ross
Arsenic and Old Lace (film)	director	Frank Capra
New York Minute (film)	director	Dennie Gordon
The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet	director	David Nelson (actor)
The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet	director	Ozzie Nelson
Antonia: A Portrait of the Woman	director	Judy Collins
Antonia: A Portrait of the Woman	director	Jill Godmilow
Catwoman (film)	director	Pitof
A Summer Dress	director	François Ozon
Princess Nicotine; or, The Smoke Fairy	director	J. Stuart Blackton
Space Mutiny	director	David Winters (choreographer)
Road (film)	director	Rajat Mukherjee
Under My Skin (film)	director	Jean Negulesco
Gothika	director	Mathieu Kassovitz
Men Behind the Sun	director	Mou Tun-fei
The Famous Adventures of Mr. Magoo	director	Abe Levitow
The Famous Adventures of Mr. Magoo	director	Robert McKimson
Birdman and the Galaxy Trio	director	Joseph Barbera
Birdman and the Galaxy Trio	director	William Hanna
SimTower	director	Yoot Saito
Hangmen Also Die!	director	Fritz Lang
Strange Brew	director	Rick Moranis
Strange Brew	director	Dave Thomas (actor)
The Bay Boy	director	Daniel Petrie
Olympia (1938 film)	director	Leni Riefenstahl
Moby Dick and Mighty Mightor	director	Hanna-Barbera
Omagh (film)	director	Pete Travis
Resident Evil: Apocalypse	director	Alexander Witt
Le Mouton noir	director	Jacques Godbout
61*	director	Billy Crystal
Cobb (film)	director	Ron Shelton
The 6th Day	director	Roger Spottiswoode
My Fellow Americans	director	Peter Segal
Teamo Supremo	director	Fred Seibert
Spartan (film)	director	David Mamet
The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams	director	Richard Friedenberg
Trigger Happy TV	director	Dom Joly
Trigger Happy TV	director	Sam Cadman
Time Squad	director	Dave Wasson
One Day at a Time	director	Norman Campbell
One Day at a Time	director	Bonnie Franklin
One Day at a Time	director	Herbert Kenwith
One Day at a Time	director	Sandy Kenyon
One Day at a Time	director	Howard Morris
One Day at a Time	director	Noam Pitlik
One Day at a Time	director	Alan Rafkin
One Day at a Time	director	Tony Singletary
The Navigators (film)	director	Ken Loach
Sonic Underground	director	Marc Boreal
Sonic Underground	director	François Hemmen
Sonic Underground	director	Daniel Sarriet
Sonic Underground	director	Tom Smith
The Perils of Gwendoline in the Land of the Yik-Yak	director	Just Jaeckin
Total Eclipse (film)	director	Agnieszka Holland
A Midwinter's Tale	director	Kenneth Branagh
Sitcom (film)	director	François Ozon
Dirty Sanchez (TV series)  1	director	Jim Hickey
Caravan of Courage: An Ewok Adventure	director	John Korty
The Crush (1993 film)	director	Alan Shapiro
Before Sunrise	director	Richard Linklater
School of Rock	director	Richard Linklater
Before Sunset	director	Richard Linklater
Ewoks: The Battle for Endor	director	Ken Wheat
The Black Cauldron (film)	director	Ted Berman
The Black Cauldron (film)	director	Richard Rich (director)
Wonderful Life (1964 film)	director	Sidney J. Furie
Miss Robin Hood	director	John Guillermin
Boys on the Side	director	Herbert Ross
Garfield and Friends	director	Jeff Hall (animator)
Garfield and Friends	director	Tom Ray
La Fée aux Choux	director	Alice Guy-Blaché
Beverly Hills Cop II	director	Tony Scott
Swiss Family Robinson (film)	director	Ken Annakin
Terrorists: The Kids They Sentenced	director	Lukas Moodysson
Terrorists: The Kids They Sentenced	director	Stefan Jarl
À Hauteur d'homme	director	Jean-Claude Labrecque
Freedom Downtime	director	Eric Corley
He's a Woman, She's a Man	director	Peter Chan
Once a Thief (1991 film)	director	John Woo
Rouge (film)	director	Stanley Kwan
All's Well, Ends Well	director	Clifton Ko
In a Lonely Place	director	Nicholas Ray
Mohabbatein	director	Aditya Chopra
Ever After	director	Andy Tennant
Outland (film)	director	Peter Hyams
Tommy Boy	director	Peter Segal
Bubba Ho-tep	director	Don Coscarelli
Liquid Sky	director	Slava Tsukerman
Double Jeopardy (film)	director	Bruce Beresford
Judgment Night (film)	director	Stephen Hopkins (director)
Dance with a Stranger	director	Mike Newell (director)
Firing Line	director	Warren Steibel
Spies Like Us	director	John Landis
Inca Mummy Girl	director	Ellen S. Pressman
Louisiana Museum of Modern Art	director	Poul Erik Tøjner
The Wicked Lady	director	Leslie Arliss
Twilight (1998 film)	director	Robert Benton
King Ralph	director	David S. Ward
Star Fox 2	director	Katsuya Eguchi
Endless Love (film)	director	Franco Zeffirelli
Dress to Kill	director	Lawrence Jordan
Collateral (film)	director	Michael Mann (director)
Death Wish II	director	Michael Winner
Dead Ringers (film)	director	David Cronenberg
Edvard Munch (film)	director	Peter Watkins
Savior (film)	director	Predrag Antonijević
Out of the Inkwell	director	Max Fleischer
Out of the Inkwell	director	Dave Fleischer
Alice (1988 film)	director	Jan Švankmajer
Millennium Actress	director	Satoshi Kon
A Thin Line Between Love and Hate	director	Martin Lawrence
10 (film)	director	Blake Edwards
Culloden (film)	director	Peter Watkins
King of New York	director	Abel Ferrara
The In-Laws (1979 film)	director	Arthur Hiller
The Rat Race	director	Robert Mulligan
Win, Lose or Draw	director	Richard S. Kline
Boiler Room (film)	director	Ben Younger
Fetishes (film)	director	Nick Broomfield
Kolberg (film)	director	Veit Harlan
Kolberg (film)	director	Wolfgang Liebeneiner
Siberian Lady Macbeth	director	Andrzej Wajda
Young Mr. Lincoln	director	John Ford
The Big Hit	director	Kirk Wong
42nd Street (film)	director	Lloyd Bacon
42nd Street (film)	director	Busby Berkeley
Sebastian (1995 film)	director	Svend Wam
Australian Museum	director	Frank Howarth
Belly of the Beast	director	Ching Siu-tung
Invasion of the Bee Girls	director	Denis Sanders
PGA European Tour	director	Neil Coles
Datalore	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
What's Happening Now!!	director	Michael Schultz
The Iron Giant	director	Brad Bird
Our Man Flint	director	Daniel Mann
Hot Potato (game show)	director	Richard S. Kline
Smokey and the Bandit	director	Hal Needham
Belle de Jour (film)	director	Luis Buñuel
The Libertine (1969 film)	director	Pasquale Festa Campanile
The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Tokyo Decadence	director	Ryū Murakami
Spanking Love	director	Shōji Tanaka
Moonlight Whispers	director	Akihiko Shiota
Varning för Jönssonligan	director	Jonas Cornell
Of Freaks and Men	director	Aleksei Balabanov
Jönssonligan och Dynamit-Harry	director	Mikael Ekman
Jönssonligan dyker upp igen	director	Mikael Ekman
Jönssonligan på Mallorca	director	Mikael Ekman
Jönssonligan och den svarta diamanten	director	Hans Åke Gabrielsson
Jönssonligans största kupp	director	Hans Åke Gabrielsson
Somebody Up There Likes Me (film)	director	Robert Wise
Excellence in Broadcasting	director	John Holmquist
Frantic (film)	director	Roman Polanski
Zulu (film)	director	Cy Endfield
The Image (film)	director	Radley Metzger
Preaching to the Perverted	director	Stuart Urban
Bettie Page: Dark Angel	director	Nico B.
Armed and Dangerous (1986 film)	director	Mark L. Lester
Late Spring	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Equinox Flower	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Bitter Moon	director	Roman Polanski
The Night Porter	director	Liliana Cavani
Look Who's Talking	director	Amy Heckerling
The Piano Teacher	director	Michael Haneke
Guinevere (film)	director	Audrey Wells
Always (1989 film)	director	Steven Spielberg
The Tales of Beatrix Potter	director	Reginald Mills
Cyclo (film)	director	Tran Anh Hung
The Night of the Witches	director	Amando de Ossorio
The Sandkings	director	Stuart Gillard
Suburban Commando	director	Burt Kennedy
Charley Varrick	director	Don Siegel
Wild Style	director	Charlie Ahearn (director)
Tarzan and the Leopard Woman	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
Childhood's End (Stargate Atlantis)	director	David Winning
Looney Tunes: Back in Action	director	Joe Dante
Andaz Apna Apna	director	Rajkumar Santoshi
The Good Son (Frasier)	director	James Burrows
Air America (film)	director	Roger Spottiswoode
Otherworld (TV series)	director	Corey Allen
Otherworld (TV series)	director	Richard Compton
Otherworld (TV series)	director	Paul Michael Glaser
Otherworld (TV series)	director	William A. Graham (director)
Otherworld (TV series)	director	Peter Medak
Otherworld (TV series)	director	Thomas J. Wright
Kama Sutra: A Tale of Love	director	Mira Nair
De-Lovely	director	Irwin Winkler
Freeway (1996 film)	director	Matthew Bright
Paper Dolls	director	Leo Penn
Paper Dolls	director	Arthur Allan Seidelman
Paper Dolls	director	Ralph Senensky
A Walk to Remember	director	Adam Shankman
Shampoo (film)	director	Hal Ashby
A Shot in the Dark (1964 film)	director	Blake Edwards
The Heartbreak Kid (1972 film)	director	Elaine May
God's Angry Man	director	Werner Herzog
The Secret of Roan Inish	director	John Sayles
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (film)	director	David Yates
Duck and Cover (film)	director	Anthony Rizzo
Boris and Natasha: The Movie	director	Charles Martin Smith
Kalathur Kannamma	director	A. Bhimsingh
Kalathur Kannamma	director	Tatineni Prakash Rao
Landru	director	Claude Chabrol
Silver Spoons	director	Jack Shea (director)
Silver Spoons	director	Tony Singletary
The Singing Detective (film)	director	Keith Gordon
Vampyr	director	Carl Theodor Dreyer
In the Time of the Butterflies (film)	director	Mariano Barroso
Dreams for Sale	director	Tommy Lee Wallace
A Little Peace and Quiet	director	Wes Craven
Children's Zoo (The Twilight Zone)	director	Robert Downey
Examination Day	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Button, Button (The Twilight Zone)	director	Peter Medak
A Message From Charity	director	Paul Lynch (director)
I of Newton	director	Kenneth Gilbert
A Small Talent for War	director	Claudia Weill
Quarantine (The Twilight Zone)	director	Martha Coolidge
The After Hours (1986)	director	Bruce Malmuth
Shelter Skelter	director	Martha Coolidge
Father and Son Game	director	Randy Bradshaw
The Cold Equations (The Twilight Zone)	director	Martin Lavut
To See the Invisible Man	director	Noel Black
The Star (The Twilight Zone)	director	Gerd Oswald
Need to Know (The Twilight Zone)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Upstairs, Downstairs	director	Euros Lyn
Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids	director	Hal Sutherland
Edge of Darkness	director	Martin Campbell
Crumb (film)	director	Terry Zwigoff
Mister Terrific (TV series)	director	Byron Chudnow
Mister Terrific (TV series)	director	Arthur Lubin
Indecent Proposal	director	Adrian Lyne
The Care Bears Movie	director	Arna Selznick
Moscow Does Not Believe in Tears	director	Vladimir Menshov
Happiness (1998 film)	director	Todd Solondz
The Quatermass Xperiment	director	Val Guest
Ararat (film)	director	Atom Egoyan
Stray Dog (film)	director	Akira Kurosawa
Drunken Angel	director	Akira Kurosawa
High and Low (1963 film)	director	Akira Kurosawa
Quatermass 2	director	Val Guest
Seeing Things (TV series)	director	George McCowan
The Xindi	director	Allan Kroeker
The Bourne Supremacy (film)	director	Paul Greengrass
Sleepover (film)	director	Joe Nussbaum
White Chicks	director	Keenen Ivory Wayans
Quatermass and the Pit (film)	director	Roy Ward Baker
Two Brothers	director	Jean-Jacques Annaud
Raising Helen	director	Garry Marshall
The Gambler (1974 film)	director	Karel Reisz
Avalon (2001 film)	director	Mamoru Oshii
Drop Dead Gorgeous (film)	director	Michael Patrick Jann
Face the Music (TV series)	director	Denis Moriarty
Sexie	director	Declan Lowney
Praying with Anger	director	M. Night Shyamalan
Papillon (film)	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
First Blood	director	Ted Kotcheff
The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz (film)	director	Ted Kotcheff
The Count of Monte Cristo (2002 film)	director	Kevin Reynolds (director)
X the Unknown	director	Les Norman
Devil Girl from Mars	director	David MacDonald (director)
To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar	director	Beeban Kidron
Long Vacation	director	Kōzō Nagayama
Long Vacation	director	Masayuki Suzuki (director)
Long Vacation	director	Hirotsugu Usui
Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle	director	Danny Leiner
Al TV	director	Robert K. Weiss
Ravenous	director	Antonia Bird
Spider (film)	director	David Cronenberg
The Bad Sleep Well	director	Akira Kurosawa
This Island Earth	director	Joseph M. Newman
The Muppet Movie	director	James Frawley
Addams Family Values	director	Barry Sonnenfeld
Tintin and the Blue Oranges	director	Philippe Condroyer
Rocketship X-M	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
Project Moonbase	director	Richard Talmadge
The Crow: Salvation	director	Bharat Nalluri
The Crow: City of Angels	director	Tim Pope
Footloose (1984 film)	director	Herbert Ross
Ong-Bak: Muay Thai Warrior	director	Prachya Pinkaew
First Men in the Moon (1964 film)	director	Nathan H. Juran
Escaflowne (film)	director	Kazuki Akane
Kronos (film)	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
Destination Moon (film)	director	Irving Pichel
Missile to the Moon	director	Richard E. Cunha
Studs Lonigan	director	Irving Lerner
Hidden Hills	director	Robert Berlinger
Hidden Hills	director	Martha Coolidge
Hidden Hills	director	Bryan Gordon
Hidden Hills	director	Lev L. Spiro
Hidden Hills	director	Lawrence Trilling
Hidden Hills	director	Craig Zisk
Scary Movie 3	director	David Zucker (filmmaker)
Eat Drink Man Woman	director	Ang Lee
Mannequin (1987 film)	director	Michael Gottlieb
Napoleon Dynamite	director	Jared and Jerusha Hess
Napoleon Dynamite	director	Jared and Jerusha Hess
Murphy's War	director	Peter Yates
Dead Man's Party (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
4D Man	director	Irvin Yeaworth
Halloween (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Bruce Seth Green
I Only Have Eyes for You (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
Gone in 60 Seconds (2000 film)	director	Dominic Sena
Shallow Grave	director	Danny Boyle
The Angry Red Planet	director	Ib Melchior
Mona Lisa Smile	director	Mike Newell (director)
The Cure for Insomnia	director	John Henry Timmis IV
The Longest Most Meaningless Movie in the World	director	Tony Scott (disambiguation)
Final Fantasy XII	director	Hiroyuki Ito
Final Fantasy XII	director	Hiroshi Minagawa
An Affair to Remember	director	Leo McCarey
The Ugly American	director	George Englund
Breakin' All the Rules	director	Daniel Taplitz
Laws of Attraction	director	Peter Howitt
The Cable Guy	director	Ben Stiller
Scrooged	director	Richard Donner
Streets of Fire	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
No Way Out (1987 film)	director	Roger Donaldson
Duplessis	director	Mark Blandford (Entrepreneur)
PT 109 (film)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Breaker Morant (film)	director	Bruce Beresford
The Preppie Murder	director	John Herzfeld
The Portrait of a Lady (film)	director	Jane Campion
The Assassination Bureau	director	Basil Dearden
Dragonslayer	director	Matthew Robbins (screenwriter)
Swimfan	director	John Polson
40 Days and 40 Nights	director	Michael Lehmann
Drop the Beat	director	Paul Fox
Drop the Beat	director	Daniel Grou
Husbands and Wives	director	Woody Allen
At Play in the Fields of the Lord	director	Héctor Babenco
Celebrity (film)	director	Woody Allen
American Psycho 2	director	Morgan J. Freeman
Bratz: Starrin & Stylin'	director	Sean McNamara (director)
Fiend Without a Face	director	Arthur Crabtree
Shrooms (film)	director	Paddy Breathnach
1492: Conquest of Paradise	director	Ridley Scott
Robots (film)	director	Chris Wedge
Robots (film)	director	Carlos Saldanha
The Misfortune Cookie	director	Allan Arkush
Healer (The Twilight Zone)	director	Sigmund Neufeld Jr.
Shatterday	director	Wes Craven
Wong's Lost and Found Emporium	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Shadow Play (1986 The Twilight Zone episode)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
The Hellgramite Method	director	Gilbert M. Shilton
Appointment on Route 17	director	René Bonnière
Many, Many Monkeys	director	Ryszard Bugajski
Extra Innings (The Twilight Zone)	director	Douglas Jackson
The Once and Future King (The Twilight Zone)	director	Jim McBride
The Asphalt Jungle	director	John Huston
Act Break	director	Ted Flicker
But Can She Type?	director	Shelley Levinson
Her Pilgrim Soul	director	Wes Craven
Private Channel	director	Peter Medak
Lost and Found (The Twilight Zone)	director	Gus Trikonis
The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms	director	Eugène Lourié
Voices in the Earth	director	Curtis Harrington
Shanghai Triad	director	Zhang Yimou
Sweet November (2001 film)	director	Pat O'Connor (director)
Standing in the Shadows of Motown (film)	director	Paul Justman
Magic (1978 film)	director	Richard Attenborough
The Wrong Trousers	director	Nick Park
A Grand Day Out	director	Nick Park
Peyton Place (film)	director	Mark Robson
It! The Terror from Beyond Space	director	Edward L. Cahn
20 Million Miles to Earth	director	Nathan H. Juran
The Valley of Gwangi	director	Jim O'Connolly
The Trollenberg Terror	director	Quentin Lawrence
X (1963 film)	director	Roger Corman
Just One of the Guys	director	Lisa Gottlieb
S1m0ne	director	Andrew Niccol
Whoops Apocalypse    1	director	Tom Bussmann
Vagabond (film)	director	Agnès Varda
Info Wars	director	Sebastian J. F.
Antwone Fisher (film)	director	Denzel Washington
Evolution (film)	director	Ivan Reitman
Charade (1963 film)	director	Stanley Donen
Wolf Dog	director	Sam Newfield
Public Toilet (film)	director	Fruit Chan
Faking It	director	Lance Jeffery
Faking It	director	Adam Kassen
Team America: World Police	director	Trey Parker
The Seventh Sign	director	Carl Schultz
Wings (BBC TV series)	director	Jim Goddard
Wings (BBC TV series)	director	Desmond Davis
200 Motels	director	Tony Palmer
200 Motels	director	Frank Zappa
Alien vs. Predator (film)	director	Paul W. S. Anderson
Road House (1989 film)	director	Rowdy Herrington
High School High	director	Hart Bochner
Someone to Watch Over Me (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
The Magician (1926 film)	director	Rex Ingram (director)
Within the Woods	director	Sam Raimi
The Kentucky Fried Movie	director	John Landis
Munna Bhai M.B.B.S.	director	Rajkumar Hirani
Spellbound (2002 film)	director	Jeffrey Blitz
Foxfire (1996 film)	director	Annette Haywood-Carter
Shrek the Third	director	Chris Miller
Shrek the Third	director	Raman Hui
Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	James A. Contner
Surprise (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Michael Lange
Innocence (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Joss Whedon
Xiao Xiao	director	Zhu Zhiqiang
Death of a President (2006 film)	director	Gabriel Range
Caveman (film)	director	Carl Gottlieb
Clockwise (film)	director	Christopher Morahan
Basquiat (film)	director	Julian Schnabel
The Twonky	director	Arch Oboler
Cathy Come Home	director	Ken Loach
The Hitcher (1986 film)	director	Robert Harmon
La pelota vasca	director	Julio Médem
The Three Musketeers (1921 film)	director	Fred Niblo
Chopper (film)	director	Andrew Dominik
Pickup on South Street	director	Samuel Fuller
The Bedford Incident	director	James B. Harris
Empire Records	director	Allan Moyle
Three Amigos	director	John Landis
Startup.com	director	Jehane Noujaim
Startup.com	director	Chris Hegedus
Dentist on the Job	director	C.M. Pennington-Richards
Circus (2000 film)	director	Rob Walker
Bulworth	director	Warren Beatty
The Devil in the Dark	director	Joseph Pevney
Kleine Freiheit	director	Yüksel Yavuz
Viewtiful Joe	director	Hideki Kamiya
In Which Annie Gives It Those Ones	director	Pradip Krishen
1900 (film)	director	Bernardo Bertolucci
Love and Anarchy	director	Lina Wertmüller
Little Odessa	director	James Gray (film director)
Happy Birthday, Wanda June	director	Mark Robson
Casualties of Love: The "Long Island Lolita" Story	director	John Herzfeld
Bob Roberts	director	Tim Robbins
Scorpio Rising (film)	director	Kenneth Anger
Real Life (1979 film)	director	Albert Brooks
Chicken (short film)	director	Barry Dignam
How to Marry a Millionaire	director	Jean Negulesco
Alice in Wonderland (1966 TV play)	director	Jonathan Miller
Berkeley Square (film)	director	Frank Lloyd
Antoine and Colette	director	François Truffaut
Daylight (film)	director	Rob Cohen
A Life Less Ordinary	director	Danny Boyle
Better Off Dead (film)	director	Savage Steve Holland
The Gun in Betty Lou's Handbag	director	Allan Moyle
Land of the Dead	director	George A. Romero
The Maggie	director	Alexander Mackendrick
The Mountain Eagle	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Children of Heaven	director	Majid Majidi
Let's Go With Pancho Villa	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Love and Death	director	Woody Allen
I Am Curious (Yellow)	director	Vilgot Sjöman
Orlando (film)	director	Sally Potter
For the Birds (film)	director	Ralph Eggleston
Easter Parade (film)	director	Charles Walters
All the Queen's Men	director	Stefan Ruzowitzky
Swing Time (film)	director	George Stevens
Two for the Road (1967 film)	director	Stanley Donen
Restless (2000 film)	director	Aku Louhimies
The Recruit	director	Roger Donaldson
Dinosaur (film)	director	Ralph Zondag
Exorcist: The Beginning	director	Renny Harlin
20 Minute Workout	director	Ron Harris (photographer)
Intimacy (film)	director	Patrice Chéreau
Somewhere in Time (film)	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Sister Act	director	Emile Ardolino
Cars (film)	director	John Lasseter
Cars (film)	director	Joe Ranft
The Notorious Bettie Page	director	Mary Harron
Beyond the Valley of the Dolls	director	Russ Meyer
Cradle 2 the Grave	director	Andrzej Bartkowiak
His Majesty O'Keefe	director	Byron Haskin
Legend (film)	director	Ridley Scott
Zulu Dawn	director	Douglas Hickox
Chronos (film)	director	Ron Fricke
Cube 2: Hypercube	director	Andrzej Sekuła
Metroid Prime Hunters	director	Masamichi Abe
The Motorcycle Diaries (film)	director	Walter Salles
Bright Promise	director	Gloria Monty
Dames	director	Ray Enright
Dames	director	Busby Berkeley
Rounders (film)	director	John Dahl
Together (2000 film)	director	Lukas Moodysson
Lilya 4-ever	director	Lukas Moodysson
Blink (film)	director	Michael Apted
Playing by Heart	director	Willard Carroll
Sleeping with the Enemy	director	Joseph Ruben
The Naked Gun 2½: The Smell of Fear	director	David Zucker (filmmaker)
Honey, I Blew Up the Kid	director	Randal Kleiser
Airheads	director	Michael Lehmann
Losing Isaiah	director	Stephen Gyllenhaal
The Heroes of Telemark	director	Anthony Mann
Call Me Bwana	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
The Wolf Man (1941 film)	director	George Waggner
Drop Dead Fred	director	Ate de Jong
The Lorelei Signal	director	Hal Sutherland
The Last Waltz	director	Martin Scorsese
Anacondas: The Hunt for the Blood Orchid	director	Dwight H. Little
The Crowd	director	King Vidor
The Germans	director	John Howard Davies
Race for Your Life, Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
Race for Your Life, Charlie Brown	director	Phil Roman
Lumumba (film)	director	Raoul Peck
The Good Girl	director	Miguel Arteta
Going the Distance (2004 film)	director	Mark Griffiths
A Great Wall	director	Peter Wang
Casino Royale (2006 film)	director	Martin Campbell
Remo Williams: The Adventure Begins	director	Guy Hamilton
Lovin' Molly	director	Sidney Lumet
Bat*21	director	Peter Markle
Gorgeous (film)	director	Vincent Kok
Going Straight	director	Sydney Lotterby
Stedelijk Museum	director	Ann Goldstein
Personal Services	director	Terry Jones
Cocoon: The Return	director	Daniel Petrie
Cocoon (film)	director	Ron Howard
Brainscan	director	John Flynn (director)
The Road to El Dorado	director	Bibo Bergeron
Beyond the Sea (film)	director	Kevin Spacey
A Christmas Story	director	Bob Clark
Band of Outsiders	director	Jean-Luc Godard
One Hour Photo	director	Mark Romanek
Kelly's Heroes	director	Brian G. Hutton
The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra	director	Larry Blamire
Eldorado (TV series)	director	Stephen Butcher (director)
Eldorado (TV series)	director	Mervyn Cumming
Operation Petticoat	director	Blake Edwards
In Harm's Way	director	Otto Preminger
Manderlay	director	Lars von Trier
James at 15	director	Marc Daniels
James at 15	director	Joseph Hardy (director)
James at 15	director	Ernest Pintoff
Urban Legend (film)	director	Jamie Blanks
Blue Hawaii	director	Norman Taurog
Blue Hawaii	director	Michael D. Moore
Lambada (film)	director	Joel Silberg
Revenge (film)	director	Tony Scott
Under One Roof (1995 TV series)	director	Thomas Carter (film director)
Under One Roof (1995 TV series)	director	Michael Engler
Under One Roof (1995 TV series)	director	Eric Laneuville
Under One Roof (1995 TV series)	director	Michael W. Watkins
Under One Roof (1993 TV series)	director	Kozo Nagayama
American Idiot  Heart Like a Hand Grenade   1	director	John Roecker
The Wizard (film)	director	Todd Holland
The Sea Hawk (1940 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Miracle Mile (film)	director	Steve De Jarnatt
The Mask of Fu Manchu	director	Charles Brabin
The Mask of Fu Manchu	director	Charles Vidor
About Last Night...	director	Edward Zwick
Revenge of the Nerds II: Nerds in Paradise	director	Joe Roth
Heavy (film)	director	James Mangold
Journey Back to Oz	director	Hal Sutherland
The Last Outpost (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Richard A. Colla
Resident Evil 2	director	Hideki Kamiya
Where No One Has Gone Before	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour	director	Jack Shea (director)
North (film)	director	Rob Reiner
Alien Adventure	director	Ben Stassen
Suspect Zero	director	E. Elias Merhige
The Hole (2001 film)	director	Nick Hamm
Pushing Hands (film)	director	Ang Lee
Monsoon Wedding	director	Mira Nair
The Pleasure Garden (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Lonely Among Us	director	Cliff Bole
Newsies	director	Kenny Ortega
The Basil Brush Show	director	David McKay (actor)
All the Real Girls	director	David Gordon Green
Analyze This	director	Harold Ramis
Confessions of a Dangerous Mind	director	George Clooney
Ator l'invincibile 2	director	Joe D'Amato
The Green Mile (film)	director	Frank Darabont
What About Bob?	director	Frank Oz
Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Movie	director	Jim Mallon
ActRaiser 2	director	Masaya Hashimoto
Funny Lady	director	Herbert Ross
Tea with Mussolini	director	Franco Zeffirelli
House on Haunted Hill (1999 film)	director	William Malone (director)
Mr. Destiny	director	James Orr (filmmaker)
The Manchurian Candidate (2004 film)	director	Jonathan Demme
Clash of the Titans (1981 film)	director	Desmond Davis
The Man in the Moon	director	Robert Mulligan
Beginning of the End	director	Bert I. Gordon
Bubble Boy	director	Blair Hayes
Sister Act 2: Back in the Habit	director	Bill Duke
The Shoes of the Fisherman	director	Michael Anderson (director)
I Know Where I'm Going!	director	Michael Powell (director)
I Know Where I'm Going!	director	Emeric Pressburger
Angus (film)	director	Patrick Read Johnson
Swimming Pool (film)	director	François Ozon
The Haunting (1963 film)	director	Robert Wise
Lessons (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Solomon (producer)
Insecticidal	director	Jeffery Scott Lando
Illusion of Gaia	director	Masaya Hashimoto
Lost Boys of Sudan (film)	director	Megan Mylan
Izzy and Moe	director	Jackie Cooper
Theatre of Blood	director	Douglas Hickox
Supercar (TV series)	director	David Elliott (director)
Supercar (TV series)	director	Desmond Saunders
Summer of Sam	director	Spike Lee
Cheaters (film)	director	John Stockwell (actor)
Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger	director	Katsuya Watanabe
Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger	director	Masahito Tsujino
Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger	director	Noboru Takemoto
Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger	director	Tarō Sakamoto
Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger	director	Shōjirō Nakazawa
Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger	director	Nobuhiro Suzumura
A Saintly Switch	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Crossing Delancey	director	Joan Micklin Silver
The Taking of Pelham One Two Three (1974 film)	director	Joseph Sargent
Eight Legged Freaks	director	Ellory Elkayem
The Haunting (1999 film)	director	Jan de Bont
The Skydivers	director	Coleman Francis
Bright Young Things	director	Stephen Fry
The Scorpion King	director	Chuck Russell
The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor	director	Rob Cohen
The Mummy Returns	director	Stephen Sommers
Cats & Dogs	director	Lawrence Guterman
The Pod People	director	Juan Piquer Simón
Destination Tokyo	director	Delmer Daves
Run Silent, Run Deep	director	Robert Wise
Tequila Sunrise (film)	director	Robert Towne
A Walk in the Sun	director	Lewis Milestone
To Hell and Back (film)	director	Jesse Hibbs
Halloween H20: 20 Years Later	director	Steve Miner
Final Justice (1984 film)	director	Greydon Clark
Time Chasers	director	David Giancola
Tall Tale (film)	director	Jeremiah S. Chechik
The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp	director	Emeric Pressburger
Southern California Institute of Architecture	director	Eric Owen Moss
Shiki-Jitsu	director	Hideaki Anno
Congo (film)	director	Frank Marshall (film producer)
Girls Town	director	Charles F. Haas
The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed-Up Zombies	director	Ray Dennis Steckler
Battle of the Bulge (film)	director	Ken Annakin
Mermaids (film)	director	Richard Benjamin
Overdrawn at the Memory Bank	director	Doug Williams
House of Wax (1953 film)	director	André de Toth
Fathers' Day (film)	director	Ivan Reitman
Meet the Fockers	director	Jay Roach
Midsomer Murders	director	Peter Smith (director)
Midsomer Murders	director	Jeremy Silberston
Midsomer Murders	director	Simon Langton (television director)
Midway (film)	director	Jack Smight
55 Days at Peking	director	Nicholas Ray
Flirting (film)	director	John Duigan
Titus (film)	director	Julie Taymor
To Live and Die in L.A. (film)	director	William Friedkin
Endgame (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Allan Kroeker
Joe Dirt	director	Dennie Gordon
Swordfish (film)	director	Dominic Sena
The Bourne Identity (2002 film)	director	Doug Liman
The Virgin Queen (TV serial)	director	Coky Giedroyc
Windtalkers	director	John Woo
King of the Jungle (TV series)	director	Steven J. Santos
The Bridge at Remagen	director	John Guillermin
Big Top Pee-wee	director	Randal Kleiser
Billy Jack	director	Tom Laughlin
The Guardian (1990 film)	director	William Friedkin
Summer School (film)	director	Carl Reiner
Eegah	director	Arch Hall, Sr.
That Was Then	director	Kevin Dowling (director)
That Was Then	director	Bryan Gordon
That Was Then	director	Alan Myerson
That Was Then	director	Peter O'Fallon
Too Late the Hero	director	Robert Aldrich
Edge of Darkness (1943 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie	director	Stephen Hillenburg
Grand Prix (1966 film)	director	John Frankenheimer
In the Mirror of Maya Deren	director	Martina Kudlácek
Twisted (2004 film)	director	Philip Kaufman
Blue Desert (film)	director	Bradley Battersby
Taz-Mania	director	Keith Baxter
Taz-Mania	director	Gary Hartle
Taz-Mania	director	Leonard Robinson
Taz-Mania	director	Doug McCarthy (director)
Clockwatchers	director	Jill Sprecher
The Menagerie (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Marc Daniels
The Menagerie (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Robert Butler (director)
The Transporter	director	Louis Leterrier
The Transporter	director	Corey Yuen
Millennium (film)	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Waiting to Exhale	director	Forest Whitaker
An American Tail	director	Don Bluth
Shaft (2000 film)	director	John Singleton
Churchill: The Hollywood Years	director	Peter Richardson (actor)
George Gustav Heye Center	director	Kevin Gover
Old School (film)	director	Todd Phillips
Heroism (film)	director	Andrzej Munk
Man on the Tracks	director	Andrzej Munk
Ghosts of Mars	director	John Carpenter
Vampires (film)	director	John Carpenter
Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle	director	Alan Rudolph
Brandy & Mr. Whiskers	director	Timothy Björklund
Brandy & Mr. Whiskers	director	John McIntyre
Brandy & Mr. Whiskers	director	Steve Loter
Shock Treatment	director	Jim Sharman
The Doom Generation	director	Gregg Araki
Sommersby	director	Jon Amiel
Pork Chop Hill	director	Lewis Milestone
New Faces of 1952	director	Harry Horner
Babette's Feast	director	Gabriel Axel
Das Experiment	director	Oliver Hirschbiegel
It Happened Here	director	Kevin Brownlow
It Happened Here	director	Andrew Mollo
Tape (film)	director	Richard Linklater
The Secret of My Success (1987 film)	director	Herbert Ross
State of Grace (film)	director	Phil Joanou
Tokyo Godfathers	director	Satoshi Kon
Robin Hood (1973 film)	director	Wolfgang Reitherman
Peter Pan (1953 film)	director	Clyde Geronimi
Peter Pan (1953 film)	director	Wilfred Jackson
Peter Pan (1953 film)	director	Hamilton Luske
Watership Down (film)	director	Martin Rosen (director)
Watership Down (film)	director	John Hubley
John Carter (film)	director	Andrew Stanton
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film)	director	Hammer & Tongs
Mortal Kombat (film)	director	Paul W. S. Anderson
Free at Last: the Movie	director	Ken Carpenter
Machuca	director	Andrés Wood
Long Time Dead	director	Marcus Adams
Top Secret!	director	Jim Abrahams
Top Secret!	director	David Zucker (filmmaker)
Top Secret!	director	Jerry Zucker (film director)
Full Frontal (film)	director	Steven Soderbergh
What the Bleep Do We Know!?	director	William Arntz
What the Bleep Do We Know!?	director	Betsy Chasse
What the Bleep Do We Know!?	director	Mark Vicente
Knick Knack	director	John Lasseter
Viva Las Vegas	director	George Sidney
Flaming Star	director	Don Siegel
Deadly Blessing	director	Wes Craven
Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold	director	Gary Nelson (director)
New York Stories	director	Woody Allen
New York Stories	director	Francis Ford Coppola
New York Stories	director	Martin Scorsese
Cyberman (film)	director	Peter Lynch (director)
The Masks	director	Ida Lupino
La Boum	director	Claude Pinoteau
Wimbledon (film)	director	Richard Loncraine
Death of a Gunfighter	director	Don Siegel
Death of a Gunfighter	director	Alan Smithee
A Day Without a Mexican	director	Sergio Arau
Dark Days (film)	director	Marc Singer (documentarian)
Rock 'n' Roll High School	director	Allan Arkush
Gothic (film)	director	Ken Russell
After the Sunset	director	Brett Ratner
Shogun Assassin	director	Robert Houston
The Return (2003 film)	director	Andrey Zvyagintsev
Ray (film)	director	Taylor Hackford
Broken Arrow (1950 film)	director	Delmer Daves
Downfall (film)	director	Oliver Hirschbiegel
A Hole in My Heart	director	Lukas Moodysson
1 Night in Paris	director	Rick Salomon
The Partners	director	Don Adams
The Partners	director	Earl Bellamy
The Partners	director	Richard Benedict
The Partners	director	Gary Nelson (director)
The Archie Show	director	Hal Sutherland
Bullies	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Domestic Disturbance	director	Harold Becker
Hello Brother (1999 film)	director	Sohail Khan
The Fantastic Journey	director	Barry Crane
The Fantastic Journey	director	Alf Kjellin
The Fantastic Journey	director	Victor French
The Fantastic Journey	director	Andrew McLaglen
Catwalk (TV series)	director	Jerry Ciccoritti
Catwalk (TV series)	director	Christian Duguay (director)
Catwalk (TV series)	director	Ken Girotti
Breaker High	director	Ron Oliver
Breaker High	director	David Winning
You're Welcome (Angel)	director	David Fury
Ransom (1996 film)	director	Ron Howard
Kindergarten Cop	director	Ivan Reitman
Look Who's Talking Too	director	Amy Heckerling
Bored of Education	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest	director	Gore Verbinski
Captain Caveman and the Teen Angels	director	Charles August Nichols
Repulsion	director	Roman Polanski
The Legend of the Lone Ranger	director	William A. Fraker
The Divorce of Lady X	director	Tim Whelan
The Goose Steps Out	director	Will Hay
The Goose Steps Out	director	Basil Dearden
The First of the Few	director	Leslie Howard (actor)
My Learned Friend	director	Basil Dearden
My Learned Friend	director	Will Hay
Breathing Fire	director	Lou Kennedy
Breathing Fire	director	Brandon De Wilde
Foul Play	director	Colin Higgins
Ungeküsst soll man nicht schlafen gehn	director	E. W. Emo
Museum of Jewish Heritage	director	David Marwell
Mon oncle d'Amérique	director	Alain Resnais
Robot Monster	director	Phil Tucker
Black Sabbath (film)	director	Mario Bava
Nam's Angels	director	Jack Starrett
Speed Art Museum	director	Charles L. Venable
Pompeii: The Last Day	director	Peter Nicholson (television)
The Other Side of Heaven	director	Mitch Davis
Mambo Italiano (film)	director	Émile Gaudreault
Duct Tape Forever	director	Eric Till
Listen Up! (TV series)	director	Andy Ackerman
Listen Up! (TV series)	director	Andy Cadiff
Listen Up! (TV series)	director	Mark Cendrowski
Listen Up! (TV series)	director	Gerry Cohen (director)
Listen Up! (TV series)	director	Leonard R. Garner, Jr.
Listen Up! (TV series)	director	Terry Hughes (director)
Listen Up! (TV series)	director	Barnet Kellman
Listen Up! (TV series)	director	Bob Koherr
Listen Up! (TV series)	director	Rob Schiller
Listen Up! (TV series)	director	Andrew D. Weyman
Listen Up! (TV series)	director	John Whitesell
Sirens (film)	director	John Duigan
The Beautician and the Beast	director	Ken Kwapis
Cooper–Hewitt, National Design Museum	director	Bill Moggridge
Commandments	director	Daniel Taplitz
The Dean Martin Show	director	Greg Garrison
Pride and Prejudice (1995 TV series)	director	Simon Langton (television director)
Duck, You Sucker!	director	Sergio Leone
The Soft Skin	director	François Truffaut
Fight Club (film)	director	David Fincher
Mr. 3000	director	Charles Stone III
Wicker Park (film)	director	Paul McGuigan (filmmaker)
Fireball XL5	director	Gerry Anderson
Fireball XL5	director	David Elliott (director)
Dark Blue World	director	Jan Svěrák
The Gate (film)	director	Tibor Takács (director)
Neria	director	Godwin Mawuru
The Farmer's Wife	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Dragonheart	director	Rob Cohen
Screamers (1995 film)	director	Christian Duguay (director)
We Were Soldiers	director	Randall Wallace
The Ebony Tower	director	Robert Knights
The Ebony Tower    1	director	Robert Knights
Little Nicky	director	Steven Brill (scriptwriter)
Nekromantik	director	Jörg Buttgereit
Duran Duran (1983 video)	director	Russell Mulcahy
Duran Duran (1983 video)	director	Perry Haines
Duran Duran (1983 video)	director	Ian Emes
Duran Duran (1983 video)	director	Godley & Creme
Sacred Silence	director	Antonio Capuano
Passenger (1963 film)	director	Andrzej Munk
Passenger (1963 film)	director	Witold Lesiewicz
Somersault (film)	director	Cate Shortland
In the Pale Moonlight	director	Victor Lobl
Stolen Honor	director	Carlton Sherwood
Pretty Baby (film)	director	Louis Malle
My New Partner	director	Claude Zidi
Napoleon and Samantha	director	Bernard McEveety
Horse Feathers	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Jönssonligan får guldfeber	director	Mikael Ekman
Jönssonligan spelar högt	director	Thomas Ryberger
Winged Migration	director	Jacques Perrin
Winged Migration	director	Jacques Cluzaud
Winged Migration	director	Michel Debats
Angels Revenge	director	Greydon Clark
Glitter (film)	director	Vondie Curtis-Hall
Spectre of the Gun	director	Vincent McEveety
Out of the Blue (1980 film)	director	Dennis Hopper
Nousukausi	director	Johanna Vuoksenmaa
Red Nightmare	director	George Waggner
Charlie X	director	Lawrence Dobkin
Death Race 2000	director	Paul Bartel
Velocity Trap	director	Phillip J. Roth
White Fang (1991 film)	director	Randal Kleiser
The Squire of Gothos	director	Don McDougall (director)
First Daughter (2004 film)	director	Forest Whitaker
The Final Cut (2004 film)	director	Omar Naim
The House of the Spirits (film)	director	Bille August
The Immoral Mr. Teas	director	Russ Meyer
Honor Among Thieves	director	Allan Eastman
The Ultimate Computer	director	John Meredyth Lucas
King Creole	director	Michael Curtiz
King Creole	director	Michael D. Moore
G-Force (film)	director	Hoyt Yeatman
Captain Horatio Hornblower R.N.	director	Raoul Walsh
The Changeling (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Marc Daniels
The Crucible (Frasier episode)	director	James Burrows
Angel's Egg	director	Mamoru Oshii
Fat Pizza	director	Paul Fenech
Conan the Destroyer	director	Richard Fleischer
Phyllis (TV series)	director	James Burrows
Phyllis (TV series)	director	Joan Darling
Phyllis (TV series)	director	Asaad Kelada
Phyllis (TV series)	director	Noam Pitlik
Phyllis (TV series)	director	Jay Sandrich
Winchester '73	director	Anthony Mann
Saw (film)	director	James Wan
Once Upon a Crime	director	Eugene Levy
Fantastic Voyage	director	Richard Fleischer
Mayor of the Sunset Strip	director	George Hickenlooper
The Whole Ten Yards	director	Howard Deutch
Elizabeth: The Golden Age	director	Shekhar Kapur
I Yabba-Dabba Do!	director	William Hanna
The Brady Kids	director	Hal Sutherland
Groovie Goolies	director	Hal Sutherland
Devil's Playground (film)	director	Lucy Walker (director)
Down with Love	director	Peyton Reed
The Barber	director	Michael Bafaro
Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars	director	Ford Beebe
Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars	director	Robert F. Hill
Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars	director	Frederick Stephani
The Man in the White Suit	director	Alexander Mackendrick
Catlow	director	Sam Wanamaker
God's Army (film)	director	Richard Dutcher
Meteor (film)	director	Ronald Neame
City Hall (film)	director	Harold Becker
My Name Is Modesty	director	Scott Spiegel
Black Cat, White Cat	director	Emir Kusturica
Brotherhood of the Wolf	director	Christophe Gans
Going Upriver	director	George Butler (filmmaker)
Bushido Blade (film)	director	Tsugunobu Kotani
Chasing Liberty	director	Andy Cadiff
Flesh & Blood (film)	director	Paul Verhoeven
I Am Cuba	director	Mikhail Kalatozov
Mozart and the Whale	director	Petter Næss
Ladder 49	director	Jay Russell
Honey, I Shrunk the Kids	director	Joe Johnston
My Boyfriend's Back (film)	director	Bob Balaban
Fear of a Black Hat	director	Rusty Cundieff
Laughing Gas (film)  Laughing Gas   2	director	Tom Buckingham
Rabbit Test (film)	director	Joan Rivers
Resident Evil (film)	director	Paul W. S. Anderson
My Mother the Car	director	Rod Amateau
U.F.O. (film)	director	Tony Dow (director)
The Football Factory (film)	director	Nick Love
Charles Manson Superstar	director	Nikolas Schreck
FahrenHYPE 9/11	director	Alan Peterson (filmmaker)
Wild Reeds	director	André Téchiné
L.A. Story	director	Mick Jackson (director)
Delivering Milo	director	Nick Castle
The Man Trap	director	Marc Daniels
Pool Sharks	director	Edwin Middleton
Kanał (film)	director	Andrzej Wajda
Johnny Suede	director	Tom DiCillo
Without a Paddle	director	Steven Brill (scriptwriter)
Against the Ropes	director	Charles S. Dutton
Club Buggery	director	Colin Bromley
Club Buggery	director	Mark FitzGerald
Mickey Blue Eyes	director	Kelly Makin
The Hand That Rocks the Cradle (film)	director	Curtis Hanson
Bad Boys II	director	Michael Bay
Big Momma's House	director	Raja Gosnell
Serenity (Firefly episode)	director	Joss Whedon
10-8: Officers on Duty	director	Jeff Bleckner
10-8: Officers on Duty	director	Martin Campbell
10-8: Officers on Duty	director	Perry Lang
10-8: Officers on Duty	director	Tawnia McKiernan
10-8: Officers on Duty	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
10-8: Officers on Duty	director	Thomas J. Wright
10-8: Officers on Duty	director	Alex Zakrzewski
Salad Fingers	director	David Firth
The Naked Time	director	Marc Daniels
Ned Kelly (1970 film)	director	Tony Richardson
My Dog Skip (film)	director	Jay Russell
Whitechapel Gallery	director	Iwona Blazwick
Black Sheep (1996 film)	director	Penelope Spheeris
Blank Check (film)	director	Rupert Wainwright
Forbidden Games	director	René Clément
Cecil B. Demented	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
Blankman	director	Mike Binder
Heavyweights	director	Steven Brill (scriptwriter)
Enter the Phoenix	director	Stephen Fung
Zombi 2	director	Lucio Fulci
Bad Education	director	Pedro Almodóvar
Early Summer	director	Yasujirō Ozu
The Enemy Within (Star Trek)	director	Leo Penn
Stalingrad (film)	director	Joseph Vilsmaier
Wormhole X-Treme!	director	Peter DeLuise
Wide Awake (1998 film)	director	M. Night Shyamalan
Alienated (TV series)	director	Mark Sawers
Madhouse (1990 film)	director	Tom Ropelewski
Mudd's Women	director	Harvey Hart
Cellular (film)	director	David R. Ellis
I Heart Huckabees	director	David O. Russell
Children of the Gods	director	Mario Azzopardi
Abraham Lincoln (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Layer Cake (film)	director	Matthew Vaughn
Back to School (film)	director	Alan Metter
The Idiots	director	Lars von Trier
The Forgotten (2004 film)	director	Joseph Ruben
Finding Neverland	director	Marc Forster
Arena (An Absurd Notion)	director	Russell Mulcahy
Connie and Carla	director	Michael Lembeck
Cop Land	director	James Mangold
As Tears Go By (film)	director	Wong Kar-wai
Ocean's Twelve	director	Steven Soderbergh
Dracula (1931 film)	director	Tod Browning
Speed 2: Cruise Control	director	Jan de Bont
The Goddess	director	John Cromwell (director)
Jean de Florette	director	Claude Berri
Manon des Sources (1986 film)	director	Claude Berri
Romeo Must Die	director	Andrzej Bartkowiak
Hot Shots!	director	Jim Abrahams
Dracula (1979 film)	director	John Badham
Center for Cartoon Studies	director	James Sturm
Guys and Balls	director	Sherry Horman
Better Luck Tomorrow	director	Justin Lin
Rollerball (1975 film)	director	Norman Jewison
Rollerball (2002 film)	director	John McTiernan
She's All That	director	Robert Iscove
The Machinist	director	Brad Anderson (director)
Topsy-Turvy	director	Mike Leigh
The Irony of Fate	director	Eldar Ryazanov
The Irony of Fate	director	Igor Petrov (director)
What Are Little Girls Made Of?	director	James Goldstone
Clean (2004 film)	director	Olivier Assayas
Celebrity Deathmatch	director	Eric Fogel
Pokémon: Destiny Deoxys	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
Bullets Over Broadway	director	Woody Allen
Paper Moon (film)	director	Peter Bogdanovich
E-Dreams	director	Wonsuk Chin
Primal Fear (film)	director	Gregory Hoblit
Mike Bassett: England Manager	director	Steve Barron
Latter Days	director	C. Jay Cox
Dagger of the Mind	director	Vincent McEveety
Silent Fall	director	Bruce Beresford
Another 48 Hrs.	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Miri (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Vincent McEveety
Cat People (1942 film)	director	Jacques Tourneur
Cat People (1982 film)	director	Paul Schrader
Bombay (film)	director	Mani Ratnam
Car 54, Where Are You?	director	Nat Hiken
Car 54, Where Are You?	director	Stanley Prager
Gidget (film)	director	Paul Wendkos
Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea	director	Irwin Allen
Bells Are Ringing (film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Everyman's Feast	director	Fritz Lehner
Lacombe, Lucien	director	Louis Malle
Switching Channels	director	Ted Kotcheff
Superman II	director	Richard Lester
Superman II	director	Richard Donner
The Burning Bed	director	Robert Greenwald
Early Spring	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Floating Weeds	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Good Morning (film)	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Superman III	director	Richard Lester
Monsignor (film)	director	Frank Perry
Deathtrap (film)	director	Sidney Lumet
Indian Institute of Management Calcutta	director	Shekhar Chaudhuri
The Conscience of the King	director	Gerd Oswald
The Galileo Seven	director	Robert Gist
Maria Full of Grace	director	Joshua Marston
The 10th Kingdom	director	David Carson (director)
The 10th Kingdom	director	Herbert Wise
All the Little Animals	director	Jeremy Thomas
Court Martial (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Marc Daniels
The Corbomite Maneuver	director	Joseph Sargent
Morgan Stewart's Coming Home	director	Paul Aaron
Morgan Stewart's Coming Home	director	Terry Winsor
Escape from Sobibor	director	Jack Gold
A Year and a Half in the Life of Metallica	director	Adam Dubin
Thank God He Met Lizzie	director	Cherie Nowlan
Kyaa Dil Ne Kahaa	director	Sanjay Chel
Woodstock (film)	director	Michael Wadleigh
Thirteen Women	director	George Archainbaud
N.Y.P.D.	director	Robert Butler (director)
N.Y.P.D.	director	Daniel Petrie
Santa Sangre	director	Alejandro Jodorowsky
Amadeus (film)	director	Miloš Forman
Friday Night Lights (film)	director	Peter Berg
Cleveland Museum of Art	director	David Franklin (curator)
Arena (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Joseph Pevney
The Skulls (film)	director	Rob Cohen
Bandits	director	Barry Levinson
Gourmet Night	director	John Howard Davies
P.S.	director	Dylan Kidd
The Island (2005 film)	director	Michael Bay
Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters	director	Paul Schrader
In Nacht und Eis	director	Mime Misu
Tomorrow Is Yesterday	director	Michael O'Herlihy
The Toy	director	Richard Donner
Tales from the Crypt (film)	director	Freddie Francis
The Princess and the Warrior	director	Tom Tykwer
Shall We Dance? (2004 film)	director	Peter Chelsom
Radio Flyer (film)	director	Richard Donner
Radio Flyer (film)	director	David M. Evans
The Return of the Archons	director	Joseph Pevney
Something Wild (1986 film)	director	Jonathan Demme
Blood Work (film)	director	Clint Eastwood
Doppelgänger (1969 film)	director	Robert Parrish
Scooby-Doo (film)	director	Raja Gosnell
Minsara Kanavu	director	Rajiv Menon
Making Mr. Right	director	Susan Seidelman
Serpentine Gallery	director	Julia Peyton-Jones
Soul Food (film)	director	George Tillman, Jr.
My Living Doll	director	Lawrence Dobkin
My Living Doll	director	Ezra Stone
Oliver's Story	director	John Korty
A Taste of Armageddon	director	Joseph Pevney
The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou	director	Wes Anderson
The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain	director	Christopher Monger
Airport '77	director	Jerry Jameson
The Story of G.I. Joe	director	William A. Wellman
Operation: Annihilate!	director	Herschel Daugherty
Making a Living	director	Henry Lehrman
The Unforgettable Fire  Collection   1	director	Donald Cammell
The X-Files (film)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Ballad of a Soldier	director	Grigori Chukhrai
A Short Film About Love	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Cowards Bend the Knee	director	Guy Maddin
Humorous Phases of Funny Faces	director	J. Stuart Blackton
Catspaw (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Joseph Pevney
Roundhay Garden Scene	director	Louis Le Prince
Once a Thief (TV series)	director	Steve DiMarco
Once a Thief (TV series)	director	Peter D. Marshall
Superman Returns	director	Bryan Singer
Pokémon Diamond and Pearl	director	Junichi Masuda
Samsara (2001 film)	director	Pan Nalin
Mindhunters	director	Renny Harlin
Eight Is Enough	director	Irving J. Moore
Dünyayı Kurtaran Adam	director	Çetin İnanç
The One with the Prom Video	director	James Burrows
The Servant (1963 film)	director	Joseph Losey
The Architect (film)	director	Matt Tauber
Quill (film)	director	Yoichi Sai
Deep Blue Sea	director	Renny Harlin
The Legend of Zelda: The Minish Cap	director	Hidemaro Fujibayashi
Raising Dad	director	Andy Ackerman
Raising Dad	director	Philip Charles MacKenzie
Raising Dad	director	Will Mackenzie
Raising Dad	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
Raising Dad	director	Wil Shriner
Raising Dad	director	John Whitesell
Raising Dad	director	Ken Whittingham
The Mark of Zorro (1940 film)	director	Rouben Mamoulian
The Mark of Zorro (1920 film)	director	Fred Niblo
The Mark of Zorro (1920 film)	director	Theodore Reed
Man from Atlantis	director	Lee H. Katzin
Eating Raoul	director	Paul Bartel
Winter Sonata	director	Yoon Seok-Ho
The Draughtsman's Contract	director	Peter Greenaway
Turkish Delight (film)	director	Paul Verhoeven
Robin Hood (1922 film)	director	Allan Dwan
Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2	director	Bob Clark
Revenge of the Nerds III: The Next Generation	director	Roland Mesa
Revenge of the Nerds IV: Nerds in Love	director	Steve Zacharias
The Foot Shooting Party	director	Annette Haywood-Carter
Scrooge (1970 film)	director	Ronald Neame
Atlantis (1913 film)	director	August Blom
Fred Ott's Sneeze	director	William Kennedy Dickson
Whiz Kids (TV series)	director	Corey Allen
Around the World with Orson Welles	director	Orson Welles
Atlantis: Milo's Return	director	Victor Cook
Atlantis: Milo's Return	director	Tad Stones
The Guru (2002 film)	director	Daisy von Scherler Mayer
Paris When It Sizzles	director	Richard Quine
Alfie (2004 film)	director	Charles Shyer
Go (2001 film)	director	Isao Yukisada
I Confess (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Metamorphosis (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Ralph Senensky
All You Need Is Cash	director	Eric Idle
All You Need Is Cash	director	Gary Weis
Mr. Mike's Mondo Video	director	Michael O'Donoghue
Decoy (TV series)	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
Knock on Wood (film)	director	Melvin Frank
Knock on Wood (film)	director	Norman Panama
Carrington V.C. (film)	director	Anthony Asquith
Asoka (2001 film)	director	Santosh Sivan
Friday's Child (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Joseph Pevney
The Grudge	director	Takashi Shimizu
Ring 0: Birthday	director	Tsuruta Norio
Cat City	director	Béla Ternovszky
Cat City  2: The Cat of Satan Macskafogó 2 - A sátá  1	director	Béla Ternovszky
Otoko wa Tsurai yo	director	Yoji Yamada
Kung Pow! Enter the Fist	director	Steve Oedekerk
Who Mourns for Adonais?	director	Marc Daniels
Idiot's Delight (film)	director	Clarence Brown
The Last Command (1928 film)	director	Josef von Sternberg
The Gnome-Mobile	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
The Gnome-Mobile	director	Arthur J. Vitarelli
The Prince and Me	director	Martha Coolidge
Let's Rock	director	Harry Foster (director)
Don't Knock the Rock	director	Fred F. Sears
Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories	director	Tetsuya Nomura
The Muppets Take Manhattan	director	Frank Oz
Enigma (1983 film)	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Wolf in the Fold	director	Joseph Pevney
Carnival of Souls	director	Herk Harvey
Monsieur N.	director	Antoine de Caunes
Hotel Rwanda	director	Terry George
Enduring Love (film)	director	Roger Michell
Killer's Kiss	director	Stanley Kubrick
Brainstorm (1983 film)	director	Douglas Trumbull
Marie Antoinette (1938 film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Silsila (1981 film)	director	Yash Chopra
Birth (film)	director	Jonathan Glazer
Kinsey (film)	director	Bill Condon
2 of One	director	Bill Pope
2 of One	director	Michael Salomon
Micki + Maude	director	Blake Edwards
Police Academy 2: Their First Assignment	director	Jerry Paris
The Karate Kid, Part II	director	John G. Avildsen
Tempting Heart	director	Sylvia Chang
Luxo Jr.	director	John Lasseter
Lone Star (1996 film)	director	John Sayles
Augustin, King of Kung-Fu	director	Anne Fontaine (filmmaker)
Contempt (film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
October Sky	director	Joe Johnston
GiFTPiA	director	Kenichi Nishi
Douche and Turd	director	Trey Parker
The Blood of Heroes	director	David Peoples
Yuva	director	Mani Ratnam
Celine and Julie Go Boating	director	Jacques Rivette
Bedazzled (2000 film)	director	Harold Ramis
Bulletproof (1996 film)	director	Ernest Dickerson
The Apple (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Joseph Pevney
I, Max	director	Howard Lutt
The Deadly Years	director	Joseph Pevney
Chandramukhi	director	P. Vasu
Beat Girl	director	Edmond T. Gréville
L'amour fou	director	Jacques Rivette
Nobody Knows (2004 film)	director	Hirokazu Koreeda
She is Such a Woman	director	Naki Yurter
Bread and Circuses (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Ralph Senensky
A Private Little War	director	Marc Daniels
Spider Baby	director	Jack Hill
Spider Baby	director	Bart Patton
"Crocodile" Dundee II	director	John Cornell
Parenthood	director	Ron Howard
Purple Butterfly	director	Lou Ye
Timeline (film)	director	Richard Donner
The Gamesters of Triskelion	director	Gene Nelson
The Musketeers of Pig Alley	director	D. W. Griffith
Mr. Bean's Holiday	director	Steve Bendelack
Obsession (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Ralph Senensky
Midnight Run	director	Martin Brest
The Coca-Cola Kid	director	Dušan Makavejev
Fright Night	director	Tom Holland (director)
Borderland (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Livingston
Bagdad (film)	director	Charles Lamont
The Immunity Syndrome (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Joseph Pevney
Shock (1946 film)	director	Alfred L. Werker
21-87	director	Arthur Lipsett
Taxi 2	director	Gérard Krawczyk
Taxi 3	director	Gérard Krawczyk
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation	director	Jeremiah S. Chechik
A Piece of the Action (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	James Komack
Mr. Majestyk	director	Richard Fleischer
Unfaithful (2002 film)	director	Adrian Lyne
National Lampoon's Van Wilder	director	Walt Becker
What a Girl Wants (film)	director	Dennie Gordon
Nightbreed	director	Clive Barker
Goodbye, Mr. Chips (1939 film)	director	Sam Wood
Japanese Story	director	Sue Brooks
I'm Not Scared	director	Gabriele Salvatores
Facing Windows	director	Ferzan Özpetek
Coffee and Cigarettes	director	Jim Jarmusch
Mean Creek	director	Jacob Aaron Estes
Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes	director	Trey Parker
T.H.E. Cat	director	Boris Sagal
Donkey Kong Jungle Beat	director	Yoshiaki Koizumi
The Door in the Floor	director	Kip Williams
A Sound of Thunder (film)	director	Peter Hyams
Final Destination 2	director	David R. Ellis
The Mother (film)	director	Roger Michell
Paparazzi (2004 film)	director	Paul Abascal
Willard (2003 film)	director	Glen Morgan
Crossroads (2002 film)	director	Tamra Davis
Tears of the Sun	director	Antoine Fuqua
Re-Animator	director	Stuart Gordon
Thirteen Days (film)	director	Roger Donaldson
Dead of Night	director	Alberto Cavalcanti
Dead of Night	director	Charles Crichton
Dead of Night	director	Basil Dearden
Dead of Night	director	Robert Hamer
Blade: Trinity	director	David S. Goyer
Daredevil (film)	director	Mark Steven Johnson
Patterns of Force (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Vincent McEveety
The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc	director	Luc Besson
Kamen Rider Ryuki	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Kamen Rider Ryuki	director	Hidenori Ishida
Kamen Rider Ryuki	director	Takao Nagaishi
Kamen Rider Ryuki	director	Kenko Sato
Kamen Rider Ryuki	director	Nobuhiro Suzumura
Elektra (2005 film)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Caravaggio (film)	director	Derek Jarman
Se Tutte le Donne del Mondo	director	Henry Levin
Se Tutte le Donne del Mondo	director	Arduino Maiuri
The Muppet Christmas Carol	director	Brian Henson
Dead End (2003 film)	director	Jean-Baptiste Andrea
The Omega Glory	director	Vincent McEveety
The Power of Nightmares	director	Adam Curtis
The Invaders	director	Lewis Allen (director)
The Invaders	director	Richard Benedict
The Invaders	director	Robert Butler (director)
The Invaders	director	Jesse Hibbs
The Invaders	director	Don Medford
The Invaders	director	Joseph Sargent
The Invaders	director	Paul Wendkos
Around the World in 80 Days (1956 film)	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Concrete (film)	director	Hiromu Nakamura
Hell Divers	director	George W. Hill
In the Realm of the Senses	director	Nagisa Oshima
The Misfits (film)	director	John Huston
Some Kind of Monster (film)	director	Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky
Primer (film)	director	Shane Carruth
The Blue Lagoon (1980 film)	director	Randal Kleiser
Thirteen Ghosts	director	Steve Beck (director)
13 Ghosts	director	William Castle
Storm Front (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Allan Kroeker
Elvis Meets Nixon	director	Allan Arkush
The Secret Garden (1993 film)	director	Agnieszka Holland
Elaan of Troyius	director	John Meredyth Lucas
Cold Station 12	director	Mike Vejar
Summer Scent	director	Yoon Seok-Ho
Turner Contemporary	director	Victoria Pomery
Deathwatch	director	Michael J. Bassett
Bride and Prejudice	director	Gurinder Chadha
Beverly Hills Cop III	director	John Landis
5x2	director	François Ozon
Alexander (film)	director	Oliver Stone
True Stories (film)	director	David Byrne
Come and Get It (film)	director	Howard Hawks
Come and Get It (film)	director	William Wyler
The Ruff & Reddy Show	director	William Hanna
The Ruff & Reddy Show	director	Joseph Barbera
The Hunger (1983 film)	director	Tony Scott
O (film)	director	Tim Blake Nelson
Blue Thunder	director	John Badham
The Clearing	director	Pieter Jan Brugge
Red-Headed Woman	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
The Aviator (2004 film)	director	Martin Scorsese
Bonjour Tristesse (film)	director	Otto Preminger
Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer	director	John McNaughton
The Green Berets (film)	director	John Wayne
The Green Berets (film)	director	Ray Kellogg
The Green Berets (film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
The Quick Draw McGraw Show	director	William Hanna
The Quick Draw McGraw Show	director	Joseph Barbera
Snagglepuss	director	William Hanna
Snagglepuss	director	Joseph Barbera
Sideways	director	Alexander Payne
Where Eagles Dare	director	Brian G. Hutton
Me, Myself & Irene	director	Peter Farrelly
Me, Myself & Irene	director	Bobby Farrelly
The Woman in the Dunes	director	Hiroshi Teshigahara
Industrial Symphony No. 1	director	David Lynch
Office Killer	director	Cindy Sherman
Channel Chasers	director	Butch Hartman
Calamity Jane (film)	director	David Butler (director)
Cry Freetown	director	Sorious Samura
Diner (film)	director	Barry Levinson
Fallen (film)	director	Gregory Hoblit
Killer7	director	Goichi Suda
Being Human (film)	director	Bill Forsyth
Juliet of the Spirits	director	Federico Fellini
Battle Beyond the Stars	director	Jimmy Murakami
Antitrust (film)	director	Peter Howitt
3: The Dale Earnhardt Story	director	Russell Mulcahy
Jabberjaw	director	Charles August Nichols
The Scooby-Doo/Dynomutt Hour	director	Charles August Nichols
The Richie Rich/Scooby-Doo Show and Scrappy Too!	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
The Richie Rich/Scooby-Doo Show and Scrappy Too!	director	George Gordon (animator)
The Richie Rich/Scooby-Doo Show and Scrappy Too!	director	Rudy Zamora
Earth (1996 film)	director	Julio Médem
Universe (1960 film)	director	Roman Kroitor
Universe (1960 film)	director	Colin Low (filmmaker)
The Station Agent	director	Thomas McCarthy (entertainer)
The Paradise Syndrome	director	Jud Taylor
Home (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Allan Kroeker
Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason (film)	director	Beeban Kidron
Death to Smoochy	director	Danny DeVito
Plato's Stepchildren	director	David Alexander (director)
Clubhouse (TV series)	director	Frederick King Keller
Clubhouse (TV series)	director	Joanna Kerns
Clubhouse (TV series)	director	Jerry Levine
Clubhouse (TV series)	director	Steve Gomer
Clubhouse (TV series)	director	Gavin O'Connor (director)
Clubhouse (TV series)	director	Oz Scott
Clubhouse (TV series)	director	Bryan Spicer
Haute Tension	director	Alexandre Aja
King of the Hill (film)	director	Steven Soderbergh
The Sensual World  - The Videos   1	director	Peter Richardson (actor)
The Sensual World  - The Videos   1	director	Kate Bush
Conspiracy (2001 film)	director	Frank Pierson
Hitman: Blood Money	director	Rasmus Højengaard
What's Up, Doc? (1972 film)	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Rambo III	director	Peter MacDonald (film director)
The Enterprise Incident	director	John Meredyth Lucas
Mrityudata	director	Mehul Kumar
And the Children Shall Lead	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
Jackass: The Movie	director	Jeff Tremaine
Reach for the Sky	director	Lewis Gilbert
Closer (film)	director	Mike Nichols
K-9 (film)	director	Rod Daniel
A Taxing Woman	director	Jūzō Itami
Dreaming of Julia	director	Juan Gerard
Darkness Falls (2003 film)	director	Jonathan Liebesman
Road Trip (film)	director	Todd Phillips
Identity (film)	director	James Mangold
Ginger Snaps 2: Unleashed	director	Brett Sullivan
Kiss the Girls (film)	director	Gary Fleder
Iron Jawed Angels	director	Katja von Garnier
The Sea Shall Not Have Them	director	Lewis Gilbert
John Safran's Music Jamboree	director	Craig Melville
John Safran's Music Jamboree	director	Clayton Jacobson (director)
John Safran's Music Jamboree	director	Richard Lowenstein
Psycho Beach Party	director	Robert Lee King
Is There in Truth No Beauty?	director	Ralph Senensky
All the King's Men (2006 film)	director	Steven Zaillian
The War Lord	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
Mifune's Last Song	director	Søren Kragh-Jacobsen
The King Is Alive	director	Kristian Levring
Julien Donkey-Boy	director	Harmony Korine
Jim in Bold	director	Glenn Holsten
Mickey's Twice Upon a Christmas	director	Matthew O'Callaghan
The Enemy Below	director	Dick Powell
The Powerpuff Girls Movie	director	Craig McCracken
Stigmata (film)	director	Rupert Wainwright
The Ballad of Narayama (1958 film)	director	Keisuke Kinoshita
Chaudhvin Ka Chand	director	Mohammed Sadiq (film director)
Mimic (film)	director	Guillermo del Toro
Arabian Knights	director	Joseph Barbera
Arabian Knights	director	William Hanna
Okinawa Rendez-vous	director	Gordon Chan
Centre Stage	director	Stanley Kwan
My Life to Live	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Goodbye, Mr. Chips (1969 film)	director	Herbert Ross
The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle	director	Des McAnuff
John Safran vs God	director	Craig Melville
Clue Club	director	Charles August Nichols
Czech Dream	director	Vít Klusák
Czech Dream	director	Filip Remunda
Sink the Bismarck!	director	Lewis Gilbert
Voodoo Academy	director	David DeCoteau
The Dawn Patrol (1930 film)	director	Howard Hawks
Riding the Bullet (film)	director	Mick Garris
The Way of All Flesh (film)	director	Victor Fleming
Force 10 from Navarone (film)	director	Guy Hamilton
Jaws 3-D	director	Joe Alves
The Warriors (film)	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Scrooge (1951 film)	director	Brian Desmond Hurst
1080° Snowboarding	director	Masamichi Abe
Hero (1992 film)	director	Stephen Frears
Flip Skateboards  Really Sorry   1	director	Ewan Bowman
Gummo	director	Harmony Korine
The Hair of the Hound	director	Julian Doyle (filmmaker)
The Hair of the Hound	director	Kate Bush
The Line, the Cross & the Curve	director	Kate Bush
Rejected	director	Don Hertzfeldt
Sicko	director	Michael Moore
Scratch (film)	director	Doug Pray
Just Imagine	director	David Butler (director)
The Enforcer (1976 film)	director	James Fargo
Sudden Impact	director	Clint Eastwood
The Dead Pool	director	Buddy Van Horn
White Hunter Black Heart	director	Clint Eastwood
First Knight	director	Jerry Zucker (film director)
I Was a Teenage Werewolf	director	Gene Fowler, Jr.
The Bob Cummings Show	director	Rod Amateau
The Bob Cummings Show	director	Robert Cummings
The Bob Cummings Show	director	Frederick de Cordova
Heart of Glass (film)	director	Werner Herzog
Max and Paddy's Road to Nowhere	director	Peter Kay
Life as a House	director	Irwin Winkler
The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things	director	Asia Argento
The Twisted Tales of Felix the Cat	director	Lynne Naylor
The Twisted Tales of Felix the Cat	director	Milton Knight
Citizen Ruth	director	Alexander Payne
Undercover Brother	director	Malcolm D. Lee
Kagemusha	director	Akira Kurosawa
Kagemusha	director	Ishirō Honda
The Tailor of Panama	director	John Boorman
The Ladies Man	director	Jerry Lewis
The War Lover	director	Philip Leacock
Centre for Studies in Social Sciences, Calcutta	director	Professor
Dodes'ka-den	director	Akira Kurosawa
The Beguiled	director	Don Siegel
Teddy Bear (film)	director	Stanisław Bareja
The Shining (film)	director	Stanley Kubrick
Foreign Objects (TV series)	director	Ken Finkleman
The Longest Yard (1974 film)	director	Robert Aldrich
Born in East L.A.	director	Cheech Marin
Interstate 60	director	Bob Gale
Corvette K-225	director	Richard Rosson (filmmaker)
Ecstasy (film)	director	Gustav Machatý
The Fighting Seabees	director	Edward Ludwig
The Big Bounce (2004 film)	director	George Armitage
Ring 2	director	Hideo Nakata
Museum of Fine Arts, Boston	director	Malcolm Rogers (curator)
Book of Shadows: Blair Witch 2	director	Joe Berlinger
The Perfect Score	director	Brian Robbins
They Live by Night	director	Nicholas Ray
Intermission (film)	director	John Crowley (director)
Presumed Innocent (film)	director	Alan J. Pakula
Imagining Argentina (film)	director	Christopher Hampton
Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Hide and Seek (2005 film)	director	John Polson
Operation Pacific	director	George Waggner
Albert R.N.	director	Lewis Gilbert
Godzilla (1998 film)	director	Roland Emmerich
City Lights (TV series)	director	Ron Bain
City Lights (TV series)	director	Colin Gilbert
Wilde (film)	director	Brian Gilbert (director)
American Ninja	director	Sam Firstenberg
The Electric Playground	director	Victor Lucas
The Wooden Horse	director	Jack Lee (film director)
Golden Years (TV series)	director	Allen Coulter
Golden Years (TV series)	director	Kenneth Fink
Urban Cowboy	director	James Bridges
The Cockleshell Heroes	director	José Ferrer
Robotech: The Shadow Chronicles	director	Tommy Yune
CKY (video series)	director	Bam Margera
CKY (video series)	director	Joe Frantz
CKY (video series)	director	List of CKY Crew members
CKY (video series)	director	Brandon DiCamillo
CKY (video series)  CKY   1	director	Bam Margera
CKY (video series)  CKY2K   1	director	Bam Margera
CKY (video series)  CKY2K   1	director	List of CKY Crew members
CKY (video series)  CKY3   1	director	Bam Margera
CKY (video series)  CKY3   1	director	Brandon DiCamillo
CKY (video series)  CKY4: The Latest & Greatest   1	director	Bam Margera
Odd Man Out	director	Carol Reed
The Order (2001 film)	director	Sheldon Lettich
Chicken Little (2005 film)	director	Mark Dindal
Hell in the Pacific	director	John Boorman
A Hill in Korea	director	Julian Charles Becket Amyes
Domino (film)	director	Tony Scott
Beach Red	director	Cornel Wilde
The Empath	director	John Erman
Hype!	director	Doug Pray
Beat the Geeks	director	Richard DiPirro
2010 (film)	director	Peter Hyams
Titicut Follies	director	Frederick Wiseman
Car Wash (film)	director	Michael Schultz
Murder, My Sweet	director	Edward Dmytryk
The Long and the Short and the Tall (film)	director	Les Norman
633 Squadron	director	Walter Grauman
Rules of Engagement (film)	director	William Friedkin
The Blue Max	director	John Guillermin
Aces High (film)	director	Jack Gold
Hallmark Hall of Fame	director	George Schaefer (director)
Hallmark Hall of Fame	director	William Corrigan
Hallmark Hall of Fame	director	Albert McCleery
Hallmark Hall of Fame	director	Kirk Browning
Hallmark Hall of Fame	director	Fielder Cook
Hallmark Hall of Fame	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Lost Embrace (film)	director	Daniel Burman
Melvin and Howard	director	Jonathan Demme
Bright Eyes (film)	director	David Butler (director)
King Rat (film)	director	Bryan Forbes
Jin-Roh: The Wolf Brigade	director	Hiroyuki Okiura
Policewomen	director	Lee Frost
Sallah Shabati	director	Ephraim Kishon
The Phantom Lover	director	Ronny Yu
Raise Your Voice	director	Sean McNamara (director)
Love Wrecked	director	Randal Kleiser
King David (film)	director	Bruce Beresford
Newark Museum	director	Mary Sue Sweeney Price
Titanic (1953 film)	director	Jean Negulesco
Air Bud	director	Charles Martin Smith
Puss in Boots (1999 film)	director	Phil Nibbelink
That Darn Cat (1997 film)	director	Bob Spiers
The Chorus (2004 film)	director	Christophe Barratier
That Darn Cat! (1965 film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
The Opposite of Sex	director	Don Roos
I, Claudia	director	Chris Abraham
Castaway (film)	director	Nicolas Roeg
A Very Long Engagement	director	Jean-Pierre Jeunet
The Broken Hearts Club: A Romantic Comedy	director	Greg Berlanti
Amar Akbar Anthony	director	Manmohan Desai
The Stratton Story	director	Sam Wood
High Voltage (1929 film)	director	Howard Higgin
Jay Jay	director	Saran (director)
Neue Galerie New York	director	Renée Price
The Testaments of One Fold and One Shepherd	director	Kieth Merrill
Look at Me (film)	director	Agnès Jaoui
Someone Like You (film)	director	Tony Goldwyn
General Spanky	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
General Spanky	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
The Big Bus	director	James Frawley
The Colditz Story	director	Guy Hamilton
The Little Rascals (film)	director	Penelope Spheeris
Constantine (film)	director	Francis Lawrence
Nu, pogodi!	director	Vladimir Tarasov
Nu, pogodi!	director	Aleksey Kotyonochkin
The Winter Guest	director	Alan Rickman
Queen Bee (film)	director	Ranald MacDougall
Pootie Tang	director	Louis C.K.
The Take (2004 film)	director	Avi Lewis
Super Troopers	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
Geri's Game	director	Jan Pinkava
Gumshoe (film)	director	Stephen Frears
Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey	director	Duwayne Dunham
Weekend at Bernie's II	director	Robert Klane
Toy Story 3	director	Lee Unkrich
Notre musique	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Black Orpheus	director	Marcel Camus
Terrahawks	director	Desmond Saunders
Kirby Super Star	director	Masahiro Sakurai
The Cocoanuts	director	Robert Florey
The Cocoanuts	director	Joseph Santley
Legend of Mana	director	Koichi Ishii
The One That Got Away (film)	director	Roy Ward Baker
The Killing Fields (film)	director	Roland Joffé
Cabin in the Sky	director	Vincente Minnelli
Cabin in the Sky	director	Busby Berkeley
Love and Human Remains	director	Denys Arcand
Hong Kong Phooey	director	William Hanna
Hong Kong Phooey	director	Joseph Barbera
Atanarjuat	director	Zacharias Kunuk
The Adventures of Champion (TV series)	director	George Archainbaud
The Adventures of Champion (TV series)	director	Ford Beebe
The Adventures of Champion (TV series)	director	Thomas Carr (director)
The Adventures of Champion (TV series)	director	William McCarthy (director)
The Adventures of Champion (TV series)	director	Robert G. Walker
Devil's Gate (film)	director	Stuart St. Paul
Dracula 2000	director	Patrick Lussier
Canned Carrott	director	Ed Bye
Shōgun (TV miniseries)	director	Jerry London
Von Ryan's Express	director	Mark Robson
That's Entertainment!	director	Jack Haley, Jr.
That's Dancing!	director	Jack Haley, Jr.
Young Dr. Kildare	director	Harold S. Bucquet
Junior (film)	director	Ivan Reitman
Tommy (film)	director	Ken Russell
Vincent (film)	director	Tim Burton
Shanghai Surprise	director	Jim Goddard
Dunkirk (film)	director	Les Norman
Curdled (film)	director	Reb Braddock
Girl 6	director	Spike Lee
My Best Friend's Birthday	director	Quentin Tarantino
That Was Then... This Is Now	director	Christopher Cain
Nowhere (film)	director	Gregg Araki
Central Station (film)	director	Walter Salles
One True Thing	director	Carl Franklin
Veer-Zaara	director	Yash Chopra
Far from Heaven	director	Todd Haynes
The General Died at Dawn	director	Lewis Milestone
Topper (film)	director	Norman Z. McLeod
The Affairs of Annabel	director	Benjamin Stoloff
Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa	director	Michelle Hippolite
Bless the Child	director	Chuck Russell
Beauty and the Beast (1946 film)	director	Jean Cocteau
Penn & Teller Get Killed	director	Arthur Penn
No Retreat, No Surrender	director	Corey Yuen
An Englishman Abroad	director	John Schlesinger
Silver City (2004 film)	director	John Sayles
The Card    1	director	Ronald Neame
High Heels (film)	director	Pedro Almodóvar
Manhattan Murder Mystery	director	Woody Allen
Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events	director	Brad Silberling
All's Well, Ends Well Too	director	Clifton Ko
Monkey Business (1931 film)	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Boundin'	director	Bud Luckey
New York, New York (film)	director	Martin Scorsese
For Love of the Game (film)	director	Sam Raimi
Patch Adams (film)	director	Tom Shadyac
Project X (1987 film)	director	Jonathan Kaplan
The Harvey Girls	director	George Sidney
The Harvey Girls	director	Robert Alton
Sugar & Spice	director	Francine McDougall
America Undercover	director	Jon Alpert
America Undercover	director	Fenton Bailey
Twins (1988 film)	director	Ivan Reitman
A Night in Casablanca	director	Archie Mayo
For the World Is Hollow and I Have Touched the Sky	director	Tony Leader
Across 110th Street	director	Barry Shear
Getting Even with Dad	director	Howard Deutch
Weekend at Bernie's	director	Ted Kotcheff
Gettysburg (1993 film)	director	Ronald F. Maxwell
Vanya on 42nd Street	director	Louis Malle
Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd	director	Troy Miller
Empire (1964 film)	director	Andy Warhol
Hearts of Fire	director	Richard Marquand
Blackmail (1929 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song	director	Melvin Van Peebles
BAADASSSSS!	director	Mario Van Peebles
Bad Lieutenant	director	Abel Ferrara
Trail of the Pink Panther	director	Blake Edwards
Christmas with the Kranks	director	Joe Roth
Matewan	director	John Sayles
Easy Living (1937 film)	director	Mitchell Leisen
Men into Space	director	William Conrad
Men into Space	director	Nathan H. Juran
Men into Space	director	Otto Lang (film producer)
Men into Space	director	Lee Sholem
Men into Space	director	Herbert L. Strock
The Girl from U.N.C.L.E.	director	John Brahm
The Girl from U.N.C.L.E.	director	Herschel Daugherty
The Girl from U.N.C.L.E.	director	Alf Kjellin
The Girl from U.N.C.L.E.	director	Mitchell Leisen
The Girl from U.N.C.L.E.	director	Leo Penn
The Girl from U.N.C.L.E.	director	Richard C. Sarafian
The Girl from U.N.C.L.E.	director	Joseph Sargent
The Girl from U.N.C.L.E.	director	Barry Shear
The Girl from U.N.C.L.E.	director	Jud Taylor
The Land Before Time	director	Don Bluth
Two for the Seesaw	director	Robert Wise
I'm All Right Jack	director	Boulting brothers
The Last Rites of Jeff Myrtlebank	director	Montgomery Pittman
The Rolling Stones Rock and Roll Circus	director	Michael Lindsay-Hogg
Enigma (2001 film)	director	Michael Apted
Down to the Sea in Ships	director	Elmer Clifton
Erin Brockovich (film)	director	Steven Soderbergh
Tobruk (1967 film)	director	Arthur Hiller
Good Riddance (film)	director	Francis Mankiewicz
Atom Ant	director	Joseph Barbera
Atom Ant	director	William Hanna
Twenty Minutes of Love	director	Charlie Chaplin
Mockingbird Don't Sing	director	Harry Bromley Davenport
Creep (film)	director	Christopher Smith (director)
Reap the Wild Wind	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Owning Mahowny	director	Richard Kwietniowski
Jingle All the Way	director	Brian Levant
Thumb Wars	director	Steve Oedekerk
Heimat (film)	director	Edgar Reitz
It's Pat	director	Adam Bernstein
Mädchen in Uniform (1931 film)	director	Leontine Sagan
Batman & Mr. Freeze: SubZero	director	Boyd Kirkland
Frankenstein (1994 film)	director	Kenneth Branagh
Born Innocent (film)	director	Donald Wrye
Leonard Part 6	director	Paul Weiland
Ye Meri Life Hai	director	Apoorva Acharya
Love Happy	director	David Miller (director)
Kir'Shara	director	David Livingston
Chosen (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Joss Whedon
Awakening (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Roxann Dawson
Open Range	director	Kevin Costner
Gray's Anatomy (film)	director	Steven Soderbergh
Knife in the Water (film)	director	Roman Polanski
Killer Klowns from Outer Space	director	Stephen Chiodo
Cinema Paradiso	director	Giuseppe Tornatore
Captain Boycott	director	Frank Launder
Jungle 2 Jungle	director	John Pasquin
Tata Institute of Fundamental Research	director	Prof. Mustansir Barma
Monty Python's Fliegender Zirkus	director	Ian MacNaughton
Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown	director	Pedro Almodóvar
Countdown to Destruction	director	Jonathan Tzachor
Sneakers (film)	director	Phil Alden Robinson
Godzilla, Mothra and King Ghidorah: Giant Monsters All-Out Attack	director	Shusuke Kaneko
Jimmy Hollywood	director	Barry Levinson
Vacas	director	Julio Médem
Telefon	director	Don Siegel
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull	director	Steven Spielberg
Cursed (2005 film)	director	Wes Craven
Venger	director	Marc Furmie
Shivers (film)	director	David Cronenberg
Night of the Living Dead (1990 film)	director	Tom Savini
Thursday (film)	director	Skip Woods
Europa (film)	director	Lars von Trier
Flo	director	Marc Daniels
Flo	director	Dick Martin (comedian)
The Most Gigantic Lying Mouth of All Time	director	Vapour Brothers
Teenagers from Outer Space	director	Tom Graeff
Scared Straight!	director	Arnold Shapiro
Oi Aparadektoi	director	Dimitris Papakonstantis
Candyman (film)	director	Bernard Rose (director)
Space Quest (Frasier episode)	director	James Burrows
Nobody's Perfect (2004 film)	director	Hank Azaria
The Mouse That Roared	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Onegin (film)	director	Martha Fiennes
Rebecca (1940 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Student Bodies	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Casper Meets Wendy	director	Sean McNamara (director)
The Ref	director	Ted Demme
Agent Orange (film)	director	Tony Scott
The King of Kings (1927 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Les Misérables (1995 film)	director	Claude Lelouch
Ossessione	director	Luchino Visconti
Definite Article	director	Ed Bye
Candy (1968 film)	director	Christian Marquand
The Red Squirrel	director	Julio Médem
The New Three Stooges	director	Edward Bernds
Brassed Off	director	Mark Herman
Hostage (film)	director	Florent Emilio Siri
The Pagemaster	director	Joe Johnston
The Nest (2002 film)	director	Florent Emilio Siri
Birthmarks	director	David Platt (director)
Aliens of the Deep	director	James Cameron
Tesis	director	Alejandro Amenábar
The Sea Inside	director	Alejandro Amenábar
A Wedding	director	Robert Altman
The Others (2001 film)	director	Alejandro Amenábar
Aparajito	director	Satyajit Ray
Conquest of Space	director	Byron Haskin
East Is East (film)	director	Damien O'Donnell
Pot Luck (2002 film)	director	Cédric Klapisch
Kwaidan (film)	director	Masaki Kobayashi
Street Fighter (film)	director	Steven E. de Souza
Burke & Wills	director	Graeme Clifford
Lovers of the Arctic Circle (film)	director	Julio Médem
The Cheaters	director	Joseph Kane
The Front	director	Martin Ritt
Phantom of the Opera (1943 film)	director	Arthur Lubin
Lust in the Dust	director	Paul Bartel
Polyester (film)	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
Nightmare at 20,000 Feet	director	Richard Donner
Surviving Christmas	director	Mike Mitchell (director)
The Spy in Black	director	Michael Powell (director)
Contraband (1940 film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
49th Parallel (film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Volunteer	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Volunteer	director	Emeric Pressburger
One of Our Aircraft Is Missing	director	Michael Powell (director)
One of Our Aircraft Is Missing	director	Emeric Pressburger
The End of the River	director	Derek Twist
The Small Back Room	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Small Back Room	director	Emeric Pressburger
The Elusive Pimpernel	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Elusive Pimpernel	director	Emeric Pressburger
Gone to Earth (film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
Gone to Earth (film)	director	Emeric Pressburger
Gone to Earth (film)  The Wild Heart   1	director	Rouben Mamoulian
The Tales of Hoffmann (film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Tales of Hoffmann (film)	director	Emeric Pressburger
Oh... Rosalinda!!	director	Michael Powell (director)
Oh... Rosalinda!!	director	Emeric Pressburger
Ill Met by Moonlight  Night Ambush   1	director	Michael Powell (director)
Ill Met by Moonlight  Night Ambush   1	director	Emeric Pressburger
Six-String Samurai	director	Lance Mungia
Spanglish (film)	director	James L. Brooks
Up in Smoke	director	Lou Adler
Up in Smoke	director	Tommy Chong
Ek Aur Ek Gyarah	director	David Dhawan
Glorious (Eddie Izzard)	director	Peter Richardson (actor)
Patterns (film)	director	Fielder Cook
Cheech & Chong's Next Movie	director	Tommy Chong
Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust	director	Yoshiaki Kawajiri
Voyage of the Damned	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Oi! Warning	director	Benjamin Reding
Oi! Warning	director	Dominik Reding
Room Service (1938 film)	director	William A. Seiter
The Big Store	director	Charles Reisner
Anatomy (film)	director	Stefan Ruzowitzky
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film)	director	Tim Burton
See No Evil (film)	director	Gregory Dark
The Marine	director	The Marine
The New World (film)	director	Terrence Malick
To Serve Man (The Twilight Zone)	director	Richard L. Bare
Purple Noon	director	René Clément
In My Father's Den (film)	director	Brad McGann
The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love	director	Maria Maggenti
Hell's Angels (film)	director	Howard Hughes
Hell's Angels (film)	director	James Whale
Hell's Angels (film)	director	Edmund Goulding
Clerks II	director	Kevin Smith
The Augments	director	LeVar Burton
Daedalus (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Straiton
The Chase (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Jonathan Frakes
Augie Doggie and Doggie Daddy	director	Joseph Barbera
Augie Doggie and Doggie Daddy	director	William Hanna
F/X	director	Robert Mandel
Quest for Camelot	director	Frederik Du Chau
The Men (film)	director	Fred Zinnemann
Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever	director	Wych Kaosayananda
Jungle Queen	director	Syed Noor
Dirge of Cerberus: Final Fantasy VII	director	Takayoshi Nakazato
Million Dollar Baby	director	Clint Eastwood
Millions	director	Danny Boyle
Day of the Dove	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
Wink of an Eye	director	Jud Taylor
The Replacement Killers	director	Antoine Fuqua
Hullabaloo (TV series)	director	Steve Binder
Dreamscape (film)	director	Joseph Ruben
Mon oncle Antoine	director	Claude Jutra
Ollie Hopnoodle's Haven of Bliss	director	Richard Bartlett
It Runs in the Family (1994 film)	director	Bob Clark
Vanity Fair (2004 film)	director	Mira Nair
Booty Call	director	Jeff Pollack
Lisístrata	director	Francesc Bellmunt
A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving	director	Bill Melendez
A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving	director	Phil Roman
The Silence (The Twilight Zone)	director	Boris Sagal
Into the West (film)	director	Mike Newell (director)
Santa's Slay	director	Santa's Slay
Crossroads (1986 film)	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Vera Drake	director	Mike Leigh
A Christmas Carol (1938 film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
The Bugs Bunny Show	director	Chuck Jones
The Bugs Bunny Show	director	Friz Freleng
The Bugs Bunny Show	director	Robert McKimson
Blue Skies (film)	director	Stuart Heisler
Blue Skies (film)	director	Mark Sandrich
Smiles of a Summer Night	director	Ingmar Bergman
Joking Apart	director	Bob Spiers
Maqbool	director	Vishal Bhardwaj
M (1951 film)	director	Joseph Losey
Trekkies 2	director	Roger Nygard
When the Last Sword Is Drawn	director	Yōjirō Takita
Young Sherlock Holmes	director	Barry Levinson
Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped	director	Jason Rubin
C.H.U.D.	director	Douglas Cheek
Uptown Girls	director	Boaz Yakin
Letter to Brezhnev	director	Chris Bernard
Edward II (film)	director	Derek Jarman
Tamango	director	John Berry (film director)
Island in the Sun (film)	director	Robert Rossen
Witchfinder General (film)	director	Michael Reeves
London Town	director	Wesley Ruggles
Sphere (film)	director	Barry Levinson
Stage Beauty	director	Richard Eyre
The Mack	director	Michael Campus
Sidekicks	director	Aaron Norris
Repossessed (film)	director	Bob Logan (film director)
He's Alive	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Resident Evil 4	director	Shinji Mikami
Get Ready to Be Boyzvoiced	director	Espen Eckbo
Get Ready to Be Boyzvoiced	director	Henrik Elvestad
Gates of Heaven	director	Errol Morris
The Bard (The Twilight Zone)	director	David Butler (director)
Short Circuit 2	director	Kenneth Johnson (producer)
Chinese Odyssey 2002	director	Jeffrey Lau
Legong (film)	director	Henry de La Falaise
Unlimited Saga	director	Akitoshi Kawazu
Battle Royale II: Requiem	director	Kenta Fukasaku
Battle Royale II: Requiem	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Raw Deal (1986 film)	director	John Irvin
My Father the Hero (1991 film)	director	Gérard Lauzier
The Last Night of a Jockey	director	Joseph M. Newman
The Gift (2000 film)	director	Sam Raimi
It's a Gift	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Wrong Is Right	director	Richard Brooks
The 5,000 Fingers of Dr. T	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
CB4	director	Tamra Davis
American Girl (film)	director	Jordan Brady
Complete Savages	director	Paul Abascal
Complete Savages	director	Mel Gibson
Complete Savages	director	Gary Halvorson
Complete Savages	director	Shelley Jensen
Complete Savages	director	Bill Shea (director)
Complete Savages	director	Daniel Stern (actor)
Complete Savages	director	Julie Thacker
Crimson Tide (film)	director	Tony Scott
Blow Out	director	Brian De Palma
Idiot Savants (game show)	director	Steve Paley
Twilight Zone: The Movie	director	John Landis
Twilight Zone: The Movie	director	Steven Spielberg
Twilight Zone: The Movie	director	Joe Dante
Twilight Zone: The Movie	director	George Miller (filmmaker)
Number 12 Looks Just Like You	director	Abner Biberman
Godzilla: Final Wars	director	Ryuhei Kitamura
Crimes and Misdemeanors	director	Woody Allen
Made (2001 film)	director	Jon Favreau
The Parallel	director	Alan Crosland, Jr.
The Jackal (1997 film)	director	Michael Caton-Jones
Grande École (film)	director	Robert Salis
Pip (South Park)	director	Eric Stough
UCL Institute of Archaeology	director	Stephen Shennan
The Battery (film)	director	Yōjirō Takita
Gremlins 2: The New Batch	director	Joe Dante
A Short Drink from a Certain Fountain	director	Bernard Girard
The Brain Center at Whipple's	director	Richard Donner
Uncle Simon	director	Don Siegel
Night Call	director	Jacques Tourneur
Merlin (film)	director	Steve Barron
Dil Ne Jise Apna Kahaa	director	Atul Agnihotri
Mujhse Dosti Karoge!	director	Kunal Kohli
Cloak & Dagger (1984 film)	director	Richard Franklin (director)
Dil Maange More	director	Anant Mahadevan
Chori Chori Chupke Chupke	director	Abbas-Mustan
Om Jai Jagadish	director	Anupam Kher
Fiza	director	Khalid Mohamed
Kuch Naa Kaho	director	Rohan Sippy
Pink Panther and Sons	director	Art Leonardi
Desperate Living	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
Female Trouble	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
Multiple Maniacs	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
Cradle of Fear	director	Alex Chandon
Flirting Scholar	director	Lee Lik-chi
Eat Your Makeup	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
Roman Candles (film)	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
Asian Tour	director	Kyi Hla Han
1941 (film)	director	Steven Spielberg
Bananas (film)	director	Woody Allen
Mondo Trasho	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
Dr. Caligari (film)	director	Stephen Sayadian
Coastlines	director	Victor Nuñez
RoboCop 2	director	Irvin Kershner
Mighty Aphrodite	director	Woody Allen
Thief (film)	director	Michael Mann (director)
A Dirty Shame	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
The Diane Linkletter Story	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
The Adventures of Pluto Nash	director	Ron Underwood
White Noise (film)	director	Geoffrey Sax
Smokey and the Bandit II	director	Hal Needham
First Daughter (1999 film)	director	Armand Mastroianni
Hollow Man	director	Paul Verhoeven
Roosters	director	Robert M. Young (film director)
Brave (1994 film)	director	Richard Stanley (film director)
Shakespeare Wallah	director	James Ivory (director)
The Family Game	director	Yoshimitsu Morita
Minbo	director	Jūzō Itami
Electric Dreams (film)	director	Steve Barron
Exodus (1960 film)	director	Otto Preminger
True Women	director	Karen Arthur
Bride of Re-Animator	director	Brian Yuzna
Beyond Re-Animator	director	Brian Yuzna
Sin City (film)	director	Frank Miller (comics)
Sin City (film)	director	Robert Rodriguez
Sin City (film)	director	Quentin Tarantino
Pursued	director	Raoul Walsh
Warlock (1959 film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Backlash (1956 film)	director	John Sturges
Mandingo (film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Museum of London Docklands	director	Jack Lohman
Suicide Kings	director	Peter O'Fallon
Birdy (film)	director	Alan Parker
Four O'Clock	director	Lamont Johnson
Bunny Lake Is Missing	director	Otto Preminger
Up at the Villa	director	Philip Haas
Steel (The Twilight Zone)	director	Don Weis
Visitors (film)	director	Richard Franklin (director)
Popeye (film)	director	Robert Altman
Strange Days (film)	director	Kathryn Bigelow
Turnabout Intruder	director	Herb Wallerstein
The Savage Curtain	director	Herschel Daugherty
All Our Yesterdays (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
The Way to Eden	director	David Alexander
The Lights of Zetar	director	Herbert Kenwith
The Cloud Minders	director	Jud Taylor
The Mark of Gideon	director	Jud Taylor
Let That Be Your Last Battlefield	director	Jud Taylor
That Which Survives	director	Herb Wallerstein
Whom Gods Destroy (Star Trek: The Original Series)	director	Herb Wallerstein
Kick the Can	director	Lamont Johnson
Swades	director	Ashutosh Gowariker
A Night in Sickbay	director	David Straiton
Dolemite	director	D'Urville Martin
Bands Reunited	director	Steve Jones (director)
Bands Reunited	director	David Charles Sullivan
The Changing of the Guard (The Twilight Zone)	director	Robert Ellis Miller
A Bronx Morning	director	Jay Leyda
The Longest Day (film)	director	Ken Annakin
The Longest Day (film)	director	Andrew Marton
The Longest Day (film)	director	Bernhard Wicki
The Longest Day (film)	director	Gerd Oswald
The Longest Day (film)	director	Darryl F. Zanuck
The Longest Day (film)	director	John Wayne
The Alamo (2004 film)	director	John Lee Hancock
The Alamo (1960 film)	director	John Wayne
Code 46	director	Michael Winterbottom
Fanny (film)	director	Joshua Logan
Ben-Hur (1925 film)	director	Fred Niblo
Ben-Hur (1925 film)	director	Charles Brabin
Ben-Hur (1959 film)	director	William Wyler
Head in the Clouds	director	John Duigan
Don't Move (film)	director	Sergio Castellitto
Faust (1926 film)	director	F. W. Murnau
Nevada Smith	director	Henry Hathaway
Flubber (film)	director	Les Mayfield
The Jeopardy Room	director	Richard Donner
The Fastest Guitar Alive	director	Michael D. Moore
The Matrix Revisited	director	Josh Oreck
I Am the Night—Color Me Black	director	Abner Biberman
Liberty Heights	director	Barry Levinson
High Plains Drifter	director	Clint Eastwood
Algiers (film)	director	John Cromwell (director)
Richard III (1955 film)	director	Laurence Olivier
Caesar and Me	director	Robert Butler (director)
In Praise of Pip	director	Joseph M. Newman
The Savage Innocents	director	Nicholas Ray
Othello (1965 film)	director	Stuart Burge
Heist (film)	director	David Mamet
El Dorado (1966 film)	director	Howard Hawks
The Kremlin Letter	director	John Huston
Secret Ceremony	director	Joseph Losey
The Kid (1921 film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Disney's The Kid	director	Jon Turteltaub
5 Card Stud	director	Henry Hathaway
Deadlier Than the Male	director	Ralph Thomas
Some Girls Do	director	Ralph Thomas
Joan of Arc (1948 film)	director	Victor Fleming
This Rebel Breed	director	Richard L. Bare
This Rebel Breed	director	William Rowland
The Protector (1985 film)	director	James Glickenhaus
The Protector (1985 film)	director	Jackie Chan
The Librarian: Quest for the Spear	director	Peter Winther
The Departed	director	Martin Scorsese
The Bewitchin' Pool	director	Joseph M. Newman
Les Tontons flingueurs	director	Georges Lautner
Probe 7, Over and Out	director	Ted Post
The Cardinal	director	Otto Preminger
Fight Back to School	director	Gordon Chan
The Chronicles of Riddick: Dark Fury	director	Peter Chung
The War at Home (film)	director	Emilio Estevez
Johnny Guitar	director	Nicholas Ray
The Saint Strikes Back	director	John Farrow
The Fearless Vampire Killers	director	Roman Polanski
Prince of the City	director	Sidney Lumet
The Testament of Dr. Mabuse	director	Fritz Lang
King of Kings (1961 film)	director	Nicholas Ray
King of Kings (1961 film)	director	Samuel Bronston
Gregory's Girl	director	Bill Forsyth
Renaldo and Clara	director	Bob Dylan
Chalte Chalte (2003 film)	director	Aziz Mirza
Square Pegs	director	Kim Friedman
Square Pegs	director	Terry Hughes (director)
BMX Bandits (film)	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
Ghost Ship (2002 film)	director	Steve Beck (director)
The Pledge (film)	director	Sean Penn
Changing Lanes	director	Roger Michell
The Golden Compass (film)	director	Chris Weitz
J. Paul Getty Museum	director	Michael Brand
Les liaisons dangereuses (film)	director	Roger Vadim
Homeboy (film)	director	Michael Seresin
Sabrina (1954 film)	director	Billy Wilder
Sabrina (1995 film)	director	Sydney Pollack
Houseguest	director	Randall Miller
The Affair of the Necklace	director	Charles Shyer
Love Field (film)	director	Jonathan Kaplan
Tapeheads	director	Bill Fishman
Igby Goes Down	director	Burr Steers
Summer Holiday (1963 film)	director	Peter Yates
Obsession (1976 film)	director	Brian De Palma
The Sword of Doom	director	Kihachi Okamoto
Vanishing Point (1971 film)	director	Richard C. Sarafian
The Wind and the Lion	director	John Milius
Back to the Future trilogy	director	Robert Zemeckis
G.B.H. (TV series)	director	Robert Young (director)
Travellers and Magicians	director	Dzongsar Jamyang Khyentse Rinpoche
The 7th Is Made Up of Phantoms	director	Alan Crosland Jr.
The Smallest Show on Earth	director	Basil Dearden
Odd Couple (film)	director	Lau Kar-wing
Material Girls	director	Martha Coolidge
"Pimpernel" Smith	director	Leslie Howard (actor)
Rad (film)	director	Hal Needham
The Fortune Cookie	director	Billy Wilder
The Barefoot Contessa	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
The Westerner (film)	director	William Wyler
Johnny Eager	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Kentucky (film)	director	David Butler
The Hurricane (1937 film)	director	John Ford
The Hurricane (1937 film)	director	Stuart Heisler
If I Were King	director	Frank Lloyd
They Knew What They Wanted (film)	director	Garson Kanin
The Devil and Miss Jones	director	Sam Wood
Tortilla Flat (film)	director	Victor Fleming
Sahara (1943 film)	director	Zoltan Korda
On Dangerous Ground	director	Nicholas Ray
8mm (film)	director	Joel Schumacher
The Saint in London	director	John Paddy Carstairs
Ride the Pink Horse	director	Robert Montgomery (actor)
The Luck of the Irish (1948 film)	director	Henry Koster
My Cousin Rachel (film)	director	Henry Koster
Trial (1955 film)	director	Mark Robson
Written on the Wind	director	Douglas Sirk
Teacher's Pet (1958 film)	director	George Seaton
The Brothers Karamazov (1958 film)	director	Richard Brooks
The Young Philadelphians	director	Vincent Sherman
Murder, Inc. (film)	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Pocketful of Miracles	director	Frank Capra
Twilight of Honor	director	Boris Sagal
Captain Newman, M.D.	director	David Miller (director)
The Best Man (1964 film)	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice	director	Paul Mazursky
Lovers and Other Strangers	director	Cy Howard
Thunderbolt and Lightfoot	director	Michael Cimino
An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge (film)	director	Robert Enrico
Blueprint (film)	director	Rolf Schübel
Needing You...	director	Johnnie To
Needing You...	director	Wai Ka-Fai
Five Characters in Search of an Exit	director	Lamont Johnson
Comes a Horseman	director	Alan J. Pakula
Cross Creek (film)	director	Martin Ritt
Jagged Edge (film)	director	Richard Marquand
En Route (film)	director	Jan Krüger
Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes	director	Hugh Hudson
Little Dorrit (film)	director	Christine Edzard
Running on Empty (1988 film)	director	Sidney Lumet
Married to the Mob	director	Jonathan Demme
A Dry White Season	director	Euzhan Palcy
Tucker: The Man and His Dream	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Longtime Companion	director	Norman René
Mr. Saturday Night	director	Billy Crystal
Ghosts of Mississippi	director	Rob Reiner
A Civil Action (film)	director	Steven Zaillian
The Fog of War	director	Errol Morris
Freejack	director	Geoff Murphy
Roller Boogie	director	Mark L. Lester
Juarez (film)	director	William Dieterle
Piñero	director	Leon Ichaso
Shiza	director	Gulshat Omarova
Lord of Illusions	director	Clive Barker
The Stepfather (1987 film)	director	Joseph Ruben
Cul-de-sac (1966 film)	director	Roman Polanski
Celsius 41.11	director	Kevin Knoblock
À ton image	director	Aruna Villiers
The Saint's Girl Friday	director	Seymour Friedman
Being Julia	director	István Szabó
The Fox and the Hound	director	Ted Berman
The Fox and the Hound	director	Richard Rich (director)
The Fox and the Hound	director	Art Stevens
An Eye on X	director	Pogus Caesar
The Romantic Englishwoman	director	Joseph Losey
Immortal (2004 film)	director	Enki Bilal
London to Brighton	director	Paul Andrew Williams
Darkness (2002 film)	director	Jaume Balagueró
Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights	director	Guy Ferland
My Family (film)	director	Gregory Nava
How High	director	Jesse Dylan
Kiss of the Dragon	director	Chris Nahon
Sons and Daughters in a Time of Storm	director	Xu Xingzhi
Saving Silverman	director	Dennis Dugan
High Crimes	director	Carl Franklin
To Live (film)	director	Zhang Yimou
Levity (film)	director	Ed Solomon
Continental Divide (film)	director	Michael Apted
The Raid	director	Hugo Fregonese
Power Play (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	David Livingston
A Kind of a Stopwatch	director	John Rich (director)
Living Doll (The Twilight Zone)	director	Richard C. Sarafian
Smallpox 2002	director	Daniel Percival
The Outlaw	director	Howard Hughes
The Outlaw	director	Howard Hawks
Punk Rock Holocaust	director	Doug Sakmann
Romper Stomper	director	Geoffrey Wright
Billion Dollar Brain	director	Ken Russell
Out Cold (2001 film)	director	The Malloys
Justice (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	James L. Conway
Tom and Jerry: The Movie	director	Phil Roman
The Battle (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Racing Stripes	director	Frederik Du Chau
Coach Carter	director	Thomas Carter (film director)
Ordinary Decent Criminal	director	Thaddeus O'Sullivan
Georgia (1995 film)	director	Ulu Grosbard
Yesterday's Enterprise	director	David Carson (director)
My Blue Heaven (1990 film)	director	Herbert Ross
View from the Top	director	Bruno Barreto
Bébé's Kids	director	Bruce W. Smith
Boat Trip (film)	director	Mort Nathan
The Wendell Baker Story	director	Andrew Wilson (actor)
The Wendell Baker Story	director	Luke Wilson
Wrong Turn	director	Rob Schmidt
How to Deal	director	Clare Kilner
The Pure Hell of St Trinian's	director	Frank Launder
The Belles of St Trinian's	director	Frank Launder
Blue Murder at St Trinian's	director	Frank Launder
The Great St Trinian's Train Robbery	director	Sidney Gilliat
The Great St Trinian's Train Robbery	director	Frank Launder
Private's Progress	director	Boulting brothers
Whatever Happened to Harold Smith?	director	Peter Hewitt (film director)
Charles in Charge	director	Alan Rafkin
The Naked Jungle	director	Byron Haskin
Freedomland (film)	director	Joe Roth
Sirai Chaalai	director	Priyadarshan
Jeepers Creepers 2	director	Victor Salva
Inauguration of the Pleasure Dome	director	Kenneth Anger
Wedding Crashers	director	David Dobkin (director)
The Minus Man	director	Hampton Fancher
Lives of Girls and Women	director	Ronald Wilson
Neuf mois	director	Patrick Braoudé
Surf Ninjas	director	Neal Israel
White Dog	director	Samuel Fuller
If I Were a Rich Man (film)	director	Gérard Bitton
If I Were a Rich Man (film)	director	Michel Munz
The Falcon and the Snowman	director	John Schlesinger
Cold Creek Manor	director	Mike Figgis
Under the Tuscan Sun (film)	director	Audrey Wells
Dude, Where's My Car?	director	Danny Leiner
The Missing	director	Ron Howard
Since Otar Left	director	Julie Bertucelli
Inside Moves	director	Richard Donner
Koyla	director	Rakesh Roshan
On Thursday We Leave for Home	director	Buzz Kulik
Hokey Wolf	director	William Hanna
Hokey Wolf	director	Joseph Barbera
Wannabe (film)	director	Richard Keith (director)
Double Vision (film)	director	Chen Kuo-Fu
E/R	director	Peter Bonerz
Seeing Other People	director	Wallace Wolodarsky
Dil Chahta Hai	director	Farhan Akhtar
The Brothers Grimm (film)	director	Terry Gilliam
Loopy De Loop	director	William Hanna
Loopy De Loop	director	Joseph Barbera
Guest House Paradiso	director	Adrian Edmondson
100 Girls	director	Michael Davis (director)
Basic (film)	director	John McTiernan
Ned Kelly (2003 film)	director	Gregor Jordan
Our Town (1940 film)	director	Sam Wood
A Guy Thing	director	Chris Koch
Dark Blue (film)	director	Ron Shelton
Clockstoppers	director	Jonathan Frakes
Observer Effect	director	Mike Vejar
Shaft in Africa	director	John Guillermin
Fame (2003 TV series)	director	Jeff Margolis
Loafing and Camouflage	director	Nikos Perakis
Pushing Tin	director	Mike Newell (director)
Jezebel (film)	director	William Wyler
The Great Lie	director	Edmund Goulding
Key Largo (film)	director	John Huston
The V.I.P.s	director	Anthony Asquith
Butterflies Are Free	director	Milton Katselas
Planes, Trains and Automobiles	director	John Hughes (filmmaker)
Spawn (film)	director	Mark A.Z. Dippé
Roadkill (film)	director	Bruce McDonald (film director)
Assault on Precinct 13 (2005 film)	director	Jean-François Richet
Alexandra's Project	director	Rolf de Heer
Assault on Precinct 13 (1976 film)	director	John Carpenter
Are We There Yet?	director	Brian Levant
Brigham City (film)	director	Richard Dutcher
Groove (film)	director	Greg Harrison
Max (film)	director	Menno Meyjes
Meghe Dhaka Tara	director	Ritwik Ghatak
After Pilkington	director	Christopher Morahan
Osama (film)	director	Siddiq Barmak
School Ties	director	Robert Mandel
The Keep (film)	director	Michael Mann (director)
Nightsong	director	Bradford May
Swing Out, Sister	director	Edward C. Lilley
Timeless (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	LeVar Burton
The Cruel Sea (film)	director	Charles Frend
Eddie Murphy Delirious	director	Bruce Gowers
Son of the Mask	director	Lawrence Guterman
Mission to Mars	director	Brian De Palma
Akele Hum Akele Tum	director	Mansoor Khan
Last Life in the Universe	director	Pen-Ek Ratanaruang
Berlin Babylon	director	Hubertus Siegert
The R.M.	director	Kurt Hale
The Best Two Years	director	Scott S. Anderson
The Rules of Attraction (film)	director	Roger Avary
The Singles Ward	director	Kurt Hale
Fever Pitch (1985 film)	director	Richard Brooks
Don't Look Now	director	Nicolas Roeg
The Seafarers	director	Stanley Kubrick
Seducing Doctor Lewis	director	Jean-François Pouliot
Harvie Krumpet	director	Adam Elliot
Schultze Gets the Blues	director	Michael Schorr
The Chess Players	director	Satyajit Ray
Dangerous Moves	director	Richard Dembo
Game Over: Kasparov and the Machine	director	Vikram Jayanti
Bastard Out of Carolina (film)	director	Anjelica Huston
Playhouse 90	director	John Frankenheimer
Playhouse 90	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
Playhouse 90	director	Ralph Nelson
Playhouse 90	director	Vincent J. Donehue
Playhouse 90	director	Arthur Hiller
Next Friday	director	Steve Carr
Bowfinger	director	Frank Oz
Samurai Fiction	director	Hiroyuki Nakano
Dragon Ball Z: The Tree of Might	director	Daisuke Nishio
Waiting for the Moon	director	Jill Godmilow
Andrei Rublev (film)	director	Andrei Tarkovsky
The Virgin Spring	director	Ingmar Bergman
The Navigator: A Medieval Odyssey	director	Vincent Ward
Shadows and Fog	director	Woody Allen
At Long Last Love	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Slap Shot (film)	director	George Roy Hill
They All Laughed	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Head-On	director	Fatih Akın
Even Dwarfs Started Small	director	Werner Herzog
Lamerica	director	Gianni Amelio
Fat Albert (film)	director	Joel Zwick
Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai	director	Rakesh Roshan
Zozo	director	Josef Fares
Stroszek	director	Werner Herzog
The Quiet Duel	director	Akira Kurosawa
Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King	director	Akihiro Hino
The End of Suburbia	director	Gregory Greene
Zhou Yu's Train	director	Sun Zhou
Wattstax	director	Mel Stuart
The Magilla Gorilla Show	director	William Hanna
The Magilla Gorilla Show	director	Joseph Barbera
What's New Pussycat?	director	Clive Donner
What's New Pussycat?	director	Richard Talmadge
Hot Shots! Part Deux	director	Jim Abrahams
The Incredible Mr. Limpet	director	Arthur Lubin
The Power and the Glory (film)	director	William K. Howard
The Brothers (2001 film)	director	Gary Hardwick
Falling from Grace (film)	director	John Mellencamp
Colonel Bleep	director	Jack Schleh
O Homem Que Copiava	director	Jorge Furtado
Veronica Guerin (film)	director	Joel Schumacher
Dance Me Outside	director	Bruce McDonald (film director)
Facets (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Cliff Bole
Lost in America	director	Albert Brooks
Let's Bowl	director	Harry E. Nelson
Lady Joker	director	Hideyuki Hirayama
Fresh Horses	director	David Anspaugh
Who Is Harry Kellerman and Why Is He Saying Those Terrible Things About Me?	director	Ulu Grosbard
United (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Livingston
The Guatemalan Handshake	director	Todd Rohal
The Last Polka	director	John Blanchard
Shaft's Big Score	director	Gordon Parks
The Simpsons Movie	director	David Silverman
Lookwell	director	E.W. Swackhamer
Pierrot le Fou	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Cinderella Man	director	Ron Howard
So Close	director	Corey Yuen
Center Stage	director	Nicholas Hytner
A Common Thread	director	Éléonore Faucher
Indian Idol	director	Niret Alva
Heartaches (film)	director	Donald Shebib
Straight Time	director	Ulu Grosbard
Papa Beaver's Storytime	director	Greg Bailey
Papa Beaver's Storytime	director	Pascale Moreaux
Papa Beaver's Storytime	director	Jean Cubaud
The Last of the Mohicans (1992 film)	director	Michael Mann (director)
Cool Runnings	director	Jon Turteltaub
Kes (film)	director	Ken Loach
Nightcrawlers (The Twilight Zone)	director	William Friedkin
The Long Good Friday	director	John Mackenzie (director)
Performance (film)	director	Donald Cammell
Performance (film)	director	Nicolas Roeg
My Beautiful Laundrette	director	Stephen Frears
Heavy Metal Parking Lot	director	John Heyn
Heavy Metal Parking Lot	director	Jeff Krulik
Deranged	director	Alan Ormsby
Deranged	director	Jeff Gillen
JCVD	director	Mabrouk El Mechri
Distant Voices, Still Lives	director	Terence Davies
Fires Were Started	director	Humphrey Jennings
Small Faces (film)	director	Gillies MacKinnon
Carry On... Up the Khyber	director	Gerald Thomas
My Name Is Joe	director	Ken Loach
Life Is Sweet (film)	director	Mike Leigh
Genevieve (film)	director	Henry Cornelius
Corpse Bride	director	Tim Burton
Corpse Bride	director	Mike Johnson (animator)
As It Is in Heaven	director	Kay Pollak
Ryan (film)	director	Chris Landreth
What about Mimi?	director	Josh Mepham
What about Mimi?	director	Colleen Holub
L'Arrivée d'un train en gare de La Ciotat	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
L'Arrivée d'un train en gare de La Ciotat	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
Workers Leaving the Lumière Factory	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
Birthday Boy	director	Sejong Park
The Idiot (film)	director	Akira Kurosawa
Committed (2000 film)	director	Lisa Krueger
Yesterday (2004 film)	director	Darrell Roodt
Reckless Kelly	director	Yahoo Serious
The Delinquents (1989 film)	director	Chris Thomson
Orleans (TV series)	director	Fred Gerber
Orleans (TV series)	director	Scott Paulin
Orleans (TV series)	director	John Sacret Young
The Real McCoy (film)	director	Russell Mulcahy
Oxford Blues	director	Robert Boris
Brewster McCloud	director	Robert Altman
Roger Ramjet	director	Fred Crippen
Anjali (film)	director	Mani Ratnam
Megaforce	director	Hal Needham
Body Double	director	Brian De Palma
Uprising (film)	director	Jon Avnet
The Thirteenth Floor	director	Josef Rusnak
Merlin's Shop of Mystical Wonders	director	Kenneth J. Berton
The Cruise (1998 film)	director	Bennett Miller
Doug's 1st Movie	director	Maurice Joyce
Swing Kids (film)	director	Thomas Carter (film director)
Grey Gardens	director	Albert and David Maysles
Grey Gardens	director	Albert and David Maysles
The Absent-Minded Professor	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
High Art	director	Lisa Cholodenko
International Center of Photography	director	Willis E. Hartshorn
Dawn Anna	director	Arliss Howard
Yogi's Gang	director	Charles August Nichols
A Brief History of Time (film)	director	Errol Morris
The Fog	director	John Carpenter
The Professionals (film)	director	Richard Brooks
If Only (film)	director	Gil Junger
The Salton Sea	director	D. J. Caruso
Kate & Allie	director	Linda Day
Kate & Allie	director	Bill Persky
The Mambo Kings	director	Arne Glimcher
Professor Balthazar	director	Zlatko Grgić
Professor Balthazar	director	Boris Kolar
Professor Balthazar	director	Ante Zaninović
Mother 3	director	Nobuyuki Inoue
Mon Oncle	director	Jacques Tati
Cuckoo (film)	director	Richard Bracewell
More (1998 film)	director	Mark Osborne (filmmaker)
Multi-Facial	director	Vin Diesel
Rajnigandha	director	Basu Chatterjee
Fever Pitch (2005 film)	director	Farrelly brothers
Robotix	director	Wally Burr
The Brave Little Toaster (film)	director	Jerry Rees
La Grande Bouffe	director	Marco Ferreri
Point Blank (film)	director	John Boorman
A Chinese Odyssey	director	Jeffrey Lau
A Chinese Odyssey	director	Stephen Chow
Coup de Torchon	director	Bertrand Tavernier
Cry-Baby	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
Nothing Lasts Forever (film)	director	Tom Schiller
The Body (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Joss Whedon
Frank Herbert's Children of Dune	director	Greg Yaitanes
Normal (2003 film)	director	Jane Anderson
Memron	director	Nancy Hower
Road to Rio	director	Norman Z. McLeod
The Final Season	director	David M. Evans
An American Tail: Fievel Goes West	director	Phil Nibbelink
An American Tail: Fievel Goes West	director	Simon Wells
Main Hoon Na	director	Farah Khan
The Great Muppet Caper	director	Jim Henson
Muppets from Space	director	Tim Hill
Muppet Treasure Island	director	Brian Henson
The Finest Hour	director	Shimon Dotan
The Goldwyn Follies	director	George Marshall (director)
Drawing Center	director	Brett Littman
Studio Museum in Harlem	director	Thelma Golden
MoMA PS1	director	Klaus Biesenbach
Maine Pyar Kiya	director	Sooraj R. Barjatya
The Clan of the Cave Bear (film)	director	Michael Chapman (cinematographer)
Lemonade Joe	director	Oldřich Lipský
White Sun of the Desert	director	Vladimir Motyl
The Osterman Weekend (film)	director	Sam Peckinpah
Extreme Makeover	director	Shanda Sawyer
War at the Warfield	director	Tony Bongiovi
Still Reigning	director	Dean Karr
A Day at the Beach	director	Simon Hesera
The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film	director	Richard Lester
The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film	director	Peter Sellers
Carol for Another Christmas	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
The Fiendish Plot of Dr. Fu Manchu	director	Piers Haggard
The Fiendish Plot of Dr. Fu Manchu	director	Peter Sellers
The Fiendish Plot of Dr. Fu Manchu	director	Richard Quine
The Last Castle	director	Rod Lurie
Men with Brooms	director	Paul Gross
Marimar (telenovela)	director	Beatriz Sheridan
Serving Sara	director	Reginald Hudlin
A World Without Thieves	director	Feng Xiaogang
A Place to Stand, A Place to Grow	director	Christopher Chapman
52 Pick-Up	director	John Frankenheimer
Scream of the Wolf	director	Dan Curtis
Boogeyman (film)	director	Stephen Kay
The Wedding Date	director	Clare Kilner
Smoke Signals (film)	director	Chris Eyre
The Gulf Between (1917 film)	director	Wray Bartlett Physioc
Man of the House (2005 film)	director	Stephen Herek
Cattanooga Cats	director	William Hanna
Cattanooga Cats	director	Joseph Barbera
Meatballs (film)	director	Ivan Reitman
McLintock!	director	Andrew McLaglen
McLintock!	director	John Wayne
Sabretooth (film)	director	James D.R. Hickox
The World of Apu	director	Satyajit Ray
Stop Making Sense	director	Jonathan Demme
Down and Out in Beverly Hills	director	Paul Mazursky
The Bodyguard (1979 film)	director	Ali Khamraev
Miles of Fire	director	Samson Samsonov
Northwest Passage (film)	director	King Vidor
Underworld: Evolution	director	Len Wiseman
Kamen Rider 555	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Kamen Rider 555	director	Takao Nagaishi
Kamen Rider 555	director	Hidenori Ishida
Kamen Rider 555	director	Naomi Tamura (director)
Kamen Rider 555	director	Nobuhiro Suzumura
Serendipity (film)	director	Peter Chelsom
Bad Boy Bubby	director	Rolf de Heer
Turtles Can Fly	director	Bahman Ghobadi
Floris (film)	director	Jean van de Velde (director)
Marion Bridge (film)	director	Wiebke von Carolsfeld
Flower & Garnet	director	Keith Behrman
Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry	director	John Hough (director)
Dangerous Minds	director	John N. Smith
The Bait	director	Leonard Horn
Portrait of Jennie	director	William Dieterle
Fun and Fancy Free	director	Jack Kinney
Fun and Fancy Free	director	Bill Roberts (animator)
Fun and Fancy Free	director	Hamilton Luske
Fun and Fancy Free	director	William Morgan
Class Act	director	Randall Miller
House Party 2	director	Doug McHenry
House Party 2	director	George Jackson
My Dinner with Andre	director	Louis Malle
Saturn 3	director	Stanley Donen
Inchon (film)	director	Terence Young (director)
The Gorgeous Hussy	director	Clarence Brown
These Three	director	William Wyler
Merrily We Live	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Of Human Hearts	director	Clarence Brown
The Great Waltz (film)	director	Julien Duvivier
The Great Waltz (film)	director	Victor Fleming
The Great Waltz (film)	director	Josef von Sternberg
Freebie and the Bean	director	Richard Rush (director)
Dragon Seed (film)	director	Harold S. Bucquet
Dragon Seed (film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
So Proudly We Hail!	director	Mark Sandrich
Saratoga Trunk	director	Sam Wood
Battle Cry (film)	director	Raoul Walsh
The Spiral Staircase	director	Robert Siodmak
Gunfight at the O.K. Corral (film)	director	John Sturges
David and Lisa	director	Frank Perry
The Train (1964 film)	director	John Frankenheimer
Broadway Melody of 1940	director	Norman Taurog
Perfect Strangers (2003 film)	director	Gaylene Preston
Perfect Strangers (1950 film)	director	Bretaigne Windust
Perfect Strangers (2001 TV series)	director	Stephen Poliakoff
The Mask (film)	director	Chuck Russell
Richie Rich (film)	director	Donald Petrie
Defenders of the Earth	director	Will Meugniot
Chain Reaction (film)	director	Andrew Davis (film director)
Balto (film)	director	Simon Wells
Lolita (1962 film)	director	Stanley Kubrick
Pokémon Heroes	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
Asterix Versus Caesar	director	Paul and Gaëtan Brizzi
Asterix Versus Caesar	director	Paul and Gaëtan Brizzi
Pokémon: The Movie 2000	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
F for Fake	director	Orson Welles
Out of This World (TV series)	director	Scott Baio
The Marrying Kind	director	George Cukor
Baby's Day Out	director	Patrick Read Johnson
Timecop	director	Peter Hyams
Very Nice, Very Nice	director	Arthur Lipsett
Tarnation (film)	director	Jonathan Caouette
Red Planet (film)	director	Antony Hoffman
The Crucible (1996 film)	director	Nicholas Hytner
Shadows of P'Jem	director	Mike Vejar
The Heart of the World	director	Guy Maddin
The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh	director	Wolfgang Reitherman
The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh	director	John Lounsbery
The Company of Wolves	director	Neil Jordan
Lean on Me (film)	director	John G. Avildsen
Boys Life 2	director	Mark Christopher (director)
Boys Life 2	director	Nickolas Perry
Dino-Riders	director	Ray Lee
Dino-Riders	director	Steven Hahn (director)
Southland Tales	director	Richard Kelly (director)
A Florida Enchantment	director	Mr. & Mrs. Sidney Drew
Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex* (*But Were Afraid to Ask)	director	Woody Allen
Happy Feet	director	George Miller (filmmaker)
Happy Feet	director	Warren Coleman
Happy Feet	director	Judy Morris
The Comeback (Seinfeld)	director	David Owen Trainor
Ali Baba Goes to Town	director	David Butler (director)
The Temptations (TV miniseries)	director	Allan Arkush
SaGa Frontier	director	Akitoshi Kawazu
Yoshi Touch & Go	director	Hiroyuki Kimura
Suikoden II	director	Yoshitaka Murayama
Getting My Brother Laid	director	Sven Taddicken
Eat the Document	director	Bob Dylan
Roman Scandals	director	Frank Tuttle
The Way of the Gun	director	Christopher McQuarrie
The Big Revue	director	Norman Jewison
Home Fries (film)	director	Dean Parisot
Rent (film)	director	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
Cleo (TV series)	director	Svante Kettner
Cleo (TV series)	director	Leif Lindblom
Regeneration (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Livingston
The Man Who Cried	director	Sally Potter
Body and Soul (1925 film)	director	Oscar Micheaux
Body and Soul (1947 film)	director	Robert Rossen
Power Play (Angel)	director	James A. Contner
Get Over It (film)	director	Tommy O'Haver
Song for a Raggy Boy	director	Aisling Walsh
Marauders (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Mike Vejar
Babes in Toyland (1961 film)	director	Jack Donohue (director)
9 Songs	director	Michael Winterbottom
The Serpent and the Rainbow (film)	director	Wes Craven
Be Cool	director	F. Gary Gray
Hide and Q	director	Cliff Bole
Judgment (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	James L. Conway
Horizon (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	James A. Contner
Robot Stories	director	Greg Pak
Blind Shaft	director	Li Yang (director)
Stratosphere Girl	director	Matthias X. Oberg
Quest for Ratings	director	Trey Parker
Love Me If You Dare	director	Yann Samuell
Diary of a Mad Black Woman (film)	director	Darren Grant
Bayside Shakedown 2	director	Katsuyuki Motohiro
Hawmps!	director	Joe Camp
Blue Chips	director	William Friedkin
Nude on the Moon	director	Raymond Phelan
Nude on the Moon	director	Doris Wishman
The Wash (film)	director	DJ Pooh
Haven (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Richard Compton
Mostly Martha (film)	director	Sandra Nettelbeck
PGA Tour of Australasia	director	Wayne Grady
Hips, Hips, Hooray!	director	Mark Sandrich
Monument Ave.	director	Ted Demme
The Whole Wide World	director	Dan Ireland
Climax!	director	John Frankenheimer
Climax!	director	Ralph Nelson
Climax!	director	Jack Smight
Climax!	director	Don Medford
The Pacifier	director	Adam Shankman
The Dreamer of Oz: The L. Frank Baum Story	director	Jack Bender
Not Another Teen Movie	director	Joel Gallen
Fantastic Four (film)	director	Tim Story
Sisters (1973 film)	director	Brian De Palma
The Serpent's Egg (film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
From the Life of the Marionettes	director	Ingmar Bergman
Antropophagus	director	Joe D'Amato
It Conquered the World	director	Roger Corman
Sahara (1983 film)	director	Andrew McLaglen
The Big Goodbye	director	Joseph L. Scanlan
Sahara (2005 film)	director	Breck Eisner
Hitch (film)	director	Andy Tennant
Lianna	director	John Sayles
Sonar Kella    1	director	Satyajit Ray
The Legend of Bagger Vance	director	Robert Redford
Dancin' thru the Dark	director	Mike Ockrent
The Long Day Closes (film)	director	Terence Davies
Liam (film)	director	Stephen Frears
2 Days in the Valley	director	John Herzfeld
Ánimas Trujano (film)	director	Ismael Rodríguez
Lifeforce (film)	director	Tobe Hooper
The United States of Leland	director	Matthew Ryan Hoge
Autism Is a World	director	Gerardine Wurzburg
Murder in the First	director	Marc Rocco
Beavis and Butt-head Do America	director	Mike Judge
The Patty Duke Show	director	Bruce Bilson
The Patty Duke Show	director	Claudio Guzmán
The Patty Duke Show	director	Stanley Prager
The Patty Duke Show	director	Alan Rafkin
The Patty Duke Show	director	Don Weis
Deterrence (film)	director	Rod Lurie
Gamera vs. Guiron	director	Noriaki Yuasa
The Men Who Tread on the Tiger's Tail	director	Akira Kurosawa
Flying Wild	director	William West (director)
PCU (film)	director	Hart Bochner
Rock Star (film)	director	Stephen Herek
The Hairy Bird	director	Sarah Kernochan
The Mumbly Cartoon Show	director	Charles August Nichols
Girl in Gold Boots	director	Ted V. Mikels
She's Having a Baby	director	John Hughes (filmmaker)
Pride of the Bowery	director	Joseph H. Lewis
Grosse Pointe Blank	director	George Armitage
The Mortal Storm	director	Frank Borzage
Eight Men Out	director	John Sayles
Ty the Tasmanian Tiger	director	Development director
Ty the Tasmanian Tiger	director	Creative director
Alatriste	director	Agustín Díaz Yanes
Chinpokomon	director	Trey Parker
Chinpokomon	director	Eric Stough
Inferno (1953 film)	director	Roy Ward Baker
Pink Floyd The Wall (film)	director	Alan Parker
The Pink Panther Strikes Again	director	Blake Edwards
The Decline of the American Empire	director	Denys Arcand
Foxy Brown (film)	director	Jack Hill
Yours, Mine and Ours (1968 film)	director	Melville Shavelson
Vera Cruz (film)	director	Robert Aldrich
Rabbits (film)	director	David Lynch
Darkened Room	director	David Lynch
That Gang of Mine	director	Joseph H. Lewis
She's Gotta Have It	director	Spike Lee
Octobre	director	Pierre Falardeau
Beat the Devil (film)	director	John Huston
Family Passions	director	Jørn Winther
Heaven & Earth (1993 film)	director	Oliver Stone
Returner	director	Takashi Yamazaki (film director)
Madame Du Barry (1934 film)	director	William Dieterle
7:35 in the Morning	director	Nacho Vigalondo
Pilot (Will & Grace)	director	James Burrows
Twisted Metal 2	director	David Jaffe
Herbie: Fully Loaded	director	Angela Robinson
Hitler, Beast of Berlin	director	Sam Newfield
Hitler, Beast of Berlin	director	Sam Newfield
Over the Top (film)	director	Menahem Golan
Slums of Beverly Hills	director	Tamara Jenkins
Superstar (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Grossman (director)
The Cars That Ate Paris	director	Peter Weir
Map of the Human Heart	director	Vincent Ward
Remember Me (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Cliff Bole
Born into Brothels	director	Zana Briski
Born into Brothels	director	Ross Kauffman
Faust (1994 film)	director	Jan Švankmajer
Fight Back to School III	director	Wong Jing
Major Payne	director	Nick Castle
Invasion U.S.A. (1985 film)	director	Joseph Zito
The Journey of Natty Gann	director	Jeremy Kagan
Four Days in September	director	Bruno Barreto
Hustler White	director	Rick Castro
Hustler White	director	Bruce LaBruce
The Edukators	director	Hans Weingartner
Dolphins (film)	director	Greg MacGillivray
Snake Eyes (film)	director	Brian De Palma
Fiorile	director	Paolo and Vittorio Taviani
Fiorile	director	Paolo and Vittorio Taviani
Torn Curtain	director	Alfred Hitchcock
The Human Condition (film trilogy)	director	Masaki Kobayashi
Samurai Trilogy	director	Hiroshi Inagaki
Samaritan Snare	director	Les Landau
Just Another Missing Kid	director	John Zaritsky
Life and Debt	director	Stephanie Black
Kull the Conqueror	director	John Nicolella
Pokémon: Lucario and the Mystery of Mew	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
Dark Blood	director	George Sluizer
Forever Young (film)	director	Steve Miner
Detroit Rock City (film)	director	Adam Rifkin
The Chipmunk Adventure	director	Janice Karman
The Manhattan Project (film)	director	Marshall Brickman
Pump Up the Volume (film)	director	Allan Moyle
Beyond Citizen Kane	director	Simon Hartog
Fight or Flight (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Allan Kroeker
Strange New World (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Livingston
The Dark Corner	director	Henry Hathaway
Unexpected (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Mike Vejar
Terra Nova (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	LeVar Burton
The Shanghai Gesture	director	Josef von Sternberg
The Big Heat	director	Fritz Lang
The Big Combo	director	Joseph H. Lewis
The Money Pit	director	Richard Benjamin
Dragon Ball Z: Broly – The Legendary Super Saiyan	director	Shigeyasu Yamauchi
If These Walls Could Talk 2	director	Jane Anderson
If These Walls Could Talk 2	director	Martha Coolidge
If These Walls Could Talk 2	director	Anne Heche
Saraband	director	Ingmar Bergman
The Saint (film)	director	Phillip Noyce
Swept Away (2002 film)	director	Guy Ritchie
Between Showers	director	Henry Lehrman
A Busy Day	director	Charlie Chaplin
A Page of Madness	director	Teinosuke Kinugasa
Save the Last Dance	director	Thomas Carter (film director)
The Set-Up (1949 film)	director	Robert Wise
The Hills Have Eyes (1977 film)	director	Wes Craven
It Hits the Fan	director	Trey Parker
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (1941 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Judex (film)	director	Louis Feuillade
Eragon (film)	director	Stefen Fangmeier
The Narrow Margin	director	Richard Fleischer
Mangal Pandey: The Rising	director	Ketan Mehta
The Red Balloon	director	Albert Lamorisse
Hazel (TV series)	director	E.W. Swackhamer
Hazel (TV series)	director	William D. Russell
Liebestraum (film)	director	Mike Figgis
The Jacket	director	John Maybury
The Celebration	director	Thomas Vinterberg
Family Plot	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots	director	Hideo Kojima
Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots	director	Kojima Productions
Up the Long Ladder	director	Winrich Kolbe
Tale of the Mummy	director	Russell Mulcahy
I'm Gonna Git You Sucka	director	Keenen Ivory Wayans
Cube Zero	director	Ernie Barbarash
Saboteur (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
The Harder They Come	director	Perry Henzell
The Remains of the Day (film)	director	James Ivory (director)
Stir of Echoes	director	David Koepp
Mario & Wario	director	Satoshi Tajiri
The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys	director	Peter Care
W.R.: Mysteries of the Organism	director	Dušan Makavejev
A Man from the Boulevard des Capucines	director	Alla Surikova
Love Among the Ruins (film)	director	George Cukor
Seiken Densetsu 3	director	Hiromichi Tanaka
Beta (film)	director	Indra Kumar
Staying Alive	director	Sylvester Stallone
Deewana (1992 film)	director	Raj Kanwar
Raju Ban Gaya Gentleman	director	Aziz Mirza
Yes Boss	director	Aziz Mirza
I Was a Communist for the FBI	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Reptilicus	director	Poul Bang
Reptilicus	director	Sidney W. Pink
The Musketeer	director	Peter Hyams
The Wrong Man	director	Alfred Hitchcock
The Spirit of the Beehive	director	Víctor Erice
Poor Little Rich Girl (1965 film)	director	Andy Warhol
Yo! MTV Raps	director	Ted Demme
Bodindecha (Sing Singhaseni) School	director	Doctor of Philosophy
The Assassination of Richard Nixon	director	Niels Mueller
Monsieur Hulot's Holiday	director	Jacques Tati
Suikoden III	director	Yoshitaka Murayama
CQ (film)	director	Roman Coppola
Under Capricorn	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Black Christmas (1974 film)	director	Bob Clark
Waltzes from Vienna	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Street Fighter II: The Animated Movie	director	Gisaburō Sugii
Too Short a Season	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Dear Frankie	director	Shona Auerbach
Lenin in Paris	director	Sergei Yutkevich
Biggie & Tupac	director	Nick Broomfield
Martin (film)	director	George A. Romero
Black Robe (film)	director	Bruce Beresford
Aileen Wuornos: The Selling of a Serial Killer	director	Nick Broomfield
An American in Paris (film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Catch and Release (film)	director	Susannah Grant
Jason's Lyric	director	Doug McHenry
Heidi Fleiss: Hollywood Madam	director	Nick Broomfield
Dream On!	director	Ed Harker
An Ideal Husband (1999 film)	director	Oliver Parker
The Blue Angel	director	Josef von Sternberg
Very Bad Things	director	Peter Berg
Hot Seat (talk show)	director	Brian Lockwood
Shadow the Hedgehog (video game)	director	Takashi Iizuka (game designer)
The Leader, His Driver and the Driver's Wife	director	Nick Broomfield
The Care Bears Adventure in Wonderland	director	Raymond Jafelice
Aileen: Life and Death of a Serial Killer	director	Nick Broomfield
Aileen: Life and Death of a Serial Killer	director	Joan Churchill
La Symphonie Pastorale (film)	director	Jean Delannoy
Kundun	director	Martin Scorsese
Phantom of the Paradise	director	Brian De Palma
Small Change (film)	director	François Truffaut
Lonelyhearts	director	Vincent J. Donehue
The Bachelor Party	director	Delbert Mann
Pete Kelly's Blues (film)	director	Jack Webb
Broken Lance	director	Edward Dmytryk
Executive Suite	director	Robert Wise
The High and the Mighty (film)	director	William A. Wellman
Torch Song (film)	director	Charles Walters
The Mating Season (film)	director	Mitchell Leisen
Curley (1947 film)	director	Bernard Carr
The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone	director	José Quintero
Inside Daisy Clover	director	Robert Mulligan
Hawaii (film)	director	George Roy Hill
Hush… Hush, Sweet Charlotte	director	Robert Aldrich
Last Summer	director	Frank Perry
You're a Big Boy Now	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Who Killed Doc Robbin	director	Bernard Carr
Broadway Melody of 1938	director	Roy Del Ruth
The Century of the Self	director	Adam Curtis
Mr. Garrison's Fancy New Vagina	director	Trey Parker
Peluca	director	Jared and Jerusha Hess
Barney Bear	director	Harman and Ising
Barney Bear	director	George Gordon (animator)
Barney Bear	director	Preston Blair
Barney Bear	director	Michael Lah
Barney Bear	director	Dick Lundy (animator)
Umrao Jaan	director	Muzaffar Ali
Way Out West (1937 film)	director	James W. Horne
Mahou Sentai Magiranger	director	Katsuya Watanabe
Mahou Sentai Magiranger	director	Shōjirō Nakazawa
Mahou Sentai Magiranger	director	Noboru Takemoto
Mahou Sentai Magiranger	director	Nobuhiro Suzuki
I Not Stupid	director	Jack Neo
Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie	director	Shuki Levy
Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie	director	David Winning
Demon Seed	director	Donald Cammell
Return to Never Land	director	Robin Budd
Return to Never Land	director	Donovan Cook
Dead Things	director	James A. Contner
The Hollywood Knights	director	Floyd Mutrux
The Pentagon Wars	director	Richard Benjamin
Sheep in the Big City	director	Karen Villarreal
Heart's Desire (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
The Million Dollar Hotel	director	Wim Wenders
Heartbreak Ridge	director	Clint Eastwood
Encino Man	director	Les Mayfield
Distant Shadow	director	Howard J. Ford
Love's Brother	director	Jan Sardi
Tom White (film)	director	Alkinos Tsilimidos
I'll Sleep When I'm Dead (film)	director	Mike Hodges
Dancing Romeo	director	Cy Endfield
Intolerable Cruelty	director	Coen brothers
Intolerable Cruelty	director	Coen brothers
Dead Man's Switch (The Outer Limits)	director	Jeff Woolnough
Goodbye, Dragon Inn	director	Tsai Ming-liang
Sesame Street Presents Follow That Bird	director	Ken Kwapis
Almost Heroes	director	Christopher Guest
Project Grizzly	director	Peter Lynch
Ice Princess	director	Tim Fywell
Bewitched (2005 film)	director	Nora Ephron
In Good Company (2004 film)	director	Paul Weitz (filmmaker)
The Upside of Anger	director	Mike Binder
Inside Dish	director	Stephen Crisman
Scooby-Doo! in Arabian Nights	director	Jun Falkenstein
Scooby-Doo! in Arabian Nights	director	Joanna Romersa
Isidingo	director	Raymond Sargeant
Isidingo	director	Johnny Barbuzano
Isidingo	director	Krijay Govender
Isidingo	director	Sthembiso Mathenjwa
Thunderbirds Are Go	director	David Lane (director)
Thunderbird 6	director	David Lane (director)
Manhunt (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
The Believer (film)	director	Henry Bean
Revolution (1985 film)	director	Hugh Hudson
Make Mine Music	director	Jack Kinney
Make Mine Music	director	Clyde Geronimi
Make Mine Music	director	Hamilton Luske
Make Mine Music	director	Joshua Meador
Make Mine Music	director	Robert Cormack
Peking Opera Blues	director	Tsui Hark
Steal This Movie!	director	Robert Greenwald
The Ballad of Jack and Rose	director	Rebecca Miller
Bigger Than the Sky	director	Al Corley
Po Mo Knock Knock	director	Greg Pak
Silver Bullet (film)	director	Dan Attias
The Invisible Man (film)	director	James Whale
The Woodsman	director	Nicole Kassell
Champagne Charlie (film)	director	Alberto Cavalcanti
Mondovino	director	Jonathan Nossiter
Seijuu Sentai Gingaman	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Seijuu Sentai Gingaman	director	Masato Tsujino
Seijuu Sentai Gingaman	director	Takao Nagaishi
Seijuu Sentai Gingaman	director	Hajime Konaka
Seijuu Sentai Gingaman	director	Satoshi Morota
Noel (film)	director	Chazz Palminteri
Animalympics	director	Steven Lisberger
Little Black Book	director	Nick Hurran
Moon Child (2003 film)	director	Takahisa Zeze
Home Soil	director	Corey Allen
Prefontaine (film)	director	Steve James (producer)
Sockbaby	director	John Soares
Sockbaby	director	Doug TenNapel
Screwy Squirrel	director	Tex Avery
This Gun for Hire	director	Frank Tuttle
Behind the Sun (film)	director	Walter Salles
Frailty	director	Bill Paxton
Two or Three Things I Know About Her	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Feasibility Study (The Outer Limits)	director	Ken Girotti
Prospero's Books	director	Peter Greenaway
Afghan Breakdown	director	Vladimir Bortko
Abhimaan (1973 film)	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Zanjeer	director	Prakash Mehra
Walk on Water (film)	director	Eytan Fox
Never Die Alone	director	Ernest Dickerson
Agatha (film)	director	Michael Apted
The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess	director	Eiji Aonuma
White Zombie (film)	director	Victor Hugo Halperin
Fresh (1994 film)	director	Boaz Yakin
Im toten Winkel	director	André Heller
Im toten Winkel	director	Othmar Schmiderer
The Ring (1927 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
A Scanner Darkly (film)	director	Richard Linklater
Fun in Acapulco	director	Richard Thorpe
Fun in Acapulco	director	Michael D. Moore
Call Northside 777	director	Henry Hathaway
Panic in the Streets (film)	director	Elia Kazan
The Night That Panicked America	director	Joseph Sargent
New Lease (The Outer Limits)	director	Jason Priestley
The Voice of Reason (The Outer Limits)	director	Neil Fearnley
Halloween: Resurrection	director	Rick Rosenthal
The Glam Metal Detectives	director	Peter Richardson (actor)
Kadhalan	director	S. Shankar
The 27th Day	director	William Asher
The Woman in the Window	director	Fritz Lang
Hairspray (1988 film)	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
Almost Summer	director	Martin Davidson
Criss Cross (film)	director	Robert Siodmak
Melody Time	director	Jack Kinney
Melody Time	director	Clyde Geronimi
Melody Time	director	Hamilton Luske
Melody Time	director	Wilfred Jackson
The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad	director	Jack Kinney
The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad	director	Clyde Geronimi
The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad	director	James Algar
Freaked	director	Alex Winter
Freaked	director	Tom Stern (director)
Freaked  DVD   1	director	Alex Winter
Freaked  DVD   1	director	Tom Stern (director)
The Rookie (2002 film)	director	John Lee Hancock
Forgiveness (2004 film)	director	Ian Gabriel
Much Ado About Nothing (film)	director	Kenneth Branagh
Rolling Kansas	director	Thomas Haden Church
They Might Be Giants (film)	director	Anthony Harvey
Hiroshima mon amour	director	Alain Resnais
Supergirl (film)	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Die Hippie, Die	director	Trey Parker
Find Me Guilty	director	Sidney Lumet
Electra Glide in Blue	director	James William Guercio
Clear and Present Danger (film)	director	Phillip Noyce
Dark Water (2002 film)	director	Hideo Nakata
Cromwell (film)	director	Ken Hughes
No Way Out (1950 film)	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Bushwhacked (film)	director	Greg Beeman
Marooned (film)	director	John Sturges
Downhill (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
God of War (video game)	director	David Jaffe
Money Talks	director	Brett Ratner
Avatar: The Last Airbender	director	Lauren MacMullan
Avatar: The Last Airbender	director	Dave Filoni
Avatar: The Last Airbender	director	Giancarlo Volpe
Avatar: The Last Airbender	director	Ethan Spaulding
Avatar: The Last Airbender	director	Joaquim Dos Santos
What's Up, Tiger Lily?	director	Woody Allen
What's Up, Tiger Lily?	director	Senkichi Taniguchi
Mighty Joe Young (1949 film)	director	Ernest B. Schoedsack
The Curse of the Cat People	director	Robert Wise
Kansas Pacific (film)	director	Ray Nazarro
Scared Stiff (1953 film)	director	George Marshall (director)
Circle (Eddie Izzard)	director	Anastasia Pappas
Hearts and Minds (The Outer Limits)	director	Brad Turner (director)
Cypher (film)	director	Vincenzo Natali
Number Seventeen	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Rich and Strange	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Murder!	director	Alfred Hitchcock
The Last Dragon	director	Michael Schultz
5 Fingers	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Chump Change (film)	director	Stephen Burrows
No Holds Barred (1989 film)	director	Thomas J. Wright
The Seventh Bullet	director	Ali Khamraev
Brokeback Mountain	director	Ang Lee
Mr. Bug Goes to Town	director	Dave Fleischer
The Krays (film)	director	Peter Medak
The Elusive Avengers	director	Edmond Keosayan
Dersu Uzala (1975 film)	director	Akira Kurosawa
Swimming to Cambodia	director	Jonathan Demme
The Color of Pomegranates	director	Sergei Parajanov
Nightwatch (1997 film)	director	Ole Bornedal
The Five Heartbeats	director	Robert Townsend (actor)
Fairly Secret Army	director	Roy Ward Baker
Year of the Dragon (film)	director	Michael Cimino
Raja Hindustani	director	Dharmesh Darshan
Eddie Murphy Raw	director	Robert Townsend (actor)
How to Steal a Million	director	William Wyler
The Emissary	director	Cliff Bole
Thunderbolt (1995 film)	director	Gordon Chan
Thunderbolt (1995 film)	director	Sammo Hung
Thunderbolt (1995 film)	director	Jackie Chan
Thunderbolt (1995 film)	director	Cho Wing
Thunderbolt (1995 film)	director	Michell Wong
Thunderbolt (1995 film)	director	Horace Ma
Thunderbolt (1995 film)	director	Amy Lam
Thunderbolt (1995 film)	director	Dante Lam
Thunderbolt (1995 film)	director	Frankie Chan
Children's Island (film)	director	Kay Pollak
The Prisoner of Second Avenue	director	Melvin Frank
The Extra Girl	director	F. Richard Jones
Karan Arjun	director	Rakesh Roshan
The Hockey Sweater	director	Sheldon Cohen
A Zed & Two Noughts	director	Peter Greenaway
Godzilla 2000	director	Takao Okawara
Billy the Kid and the Green Baize Vampire	director	Alan Clarke
Hard Target	director	John Woo
Stepmom (film)	director	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
The Bad News Bears in Breaking Training	director	Michael Pressman
The Andorian Incident	director	Roxann Dawson
Breaking the Ice (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Terry Windell
Shadowlands (film)	director	Richard Attenborough
Niagara (1953 film)	director	Henry Hathaway
Heart of Glory	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Reviews on the Run	director	Victor Lucas
Saathiya	director	Shaad Ali
Baadshah (film)	director	Abbas-Mustan
The Stranger (1946 film)	director	Orson Welles
Les Vampires	director	Louis Feuillade
The Purple Rose of Cairo	director	Woody Allen
Dante's Inferno (1935 film)	director	Harry Lachman
The Cuckoo (film)	director	Aleksandr Rogozhkin
The New Breed (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
The Two Jakes	director	Jack Nicholson
Final Fantasy XIII	director	Motomu Toriyama
The Arsenal of Freedom	director	Les Landau
Caesar and Cleopatra (film)	director	Gabriel Pascal
Hedgehog in the Fog	director	Yuriy Norshteyn
Near Dark	director	Kathryn Bigelow
Fandango (1985 film)	director	Kevin Reynolds (director)
The Decline of Western Civilization III	director	Penelope Spheeris
Civilization (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Mike Vejar
Fortunate Son (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	LeVar Burton
Ace in the Hole (film)	director	Billy Wilder
Valerie 23	director	Timothy Bond
Woodland Critter Christmas	director	Trey Parker
Used Cars	director	Robert Zemeckis
City on Fire (1987 film)	director	Ringo Lam
Let It Ride (film)	director	Joe Pytka
At Home Among Strangers	director	Nikita Mikhalkov
Saw II	director	Darren Lynn Bousman
Tribunal (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
The Young Poisoner's Handbook	director	Benjamin Ross
Walk the Line	director	James Mangold
Baby Snakes	director	Frank Zappa
Valiant (2005 film)	director	Gary Chapman (artist/actor)
Anand (1971 film)	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Oh, Mr Porter!	director	Marcel Varnel
The Interpreter	director	Sydney Pollack
Saint Joan (film)	director	Otto Preminger
From the Drain	director	David Cronenberg
Lady in the Water	director	M. Night Shyamalan
Gettysburg (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
He Got Game	director	Spike Lee
Masculine Feminine	director	Jean-Luc Godard
A Woman Is a Woman	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Ram Teri Ganga Maili	director	Raj Kapoor
Symbiosis (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Win Phelps
The Big Sleep (1946 film)	director	Howard Hawks
The Big Sleep (1978 film)	director	Michael Winner
Trial by Fire (The Outer Limits)	director	Jonathan Glassner
Whew!	director	Bill Carruthers
Wing (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Flight of the Navigator	director	Randal Kleiser
The Sugarland Express	director	Steven Spielberg
Family Values (The Outer Limits)	director	Michael Rohl
Patient Zero (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
Abduction (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
One (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Kenneth Biller
Mare Nostrum (film)	director	Rex Ingram (director)
Return to Glennascaul	director	Hilton Edwards
Mississippi Mermaid	director	François Truffaut
Shoot the Piano Player	director	François Truffaut
Champagne (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Easy Virtue (1928 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
The Bible: In the Beginning	director	John Huston
The Wild Party (1975 film)	director	James Ivory (director)
My Dad's the Prime Minister	director	Juliet May
Siberiade	director	Andrei Konchalovsky
End of Days (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Marita Grabiak
The Sixth	director	Samvel Gasparov
Skin of Evil	director	Joseph L. Scanlan
Hearts in Atlantis (film)	director	Scott Hicks
Gangster No. 1	director	Paul McGuigan (filmmaker)
Sliding Doors	director	Peter Howitt
A Generation	director	Andrzej Wajda
Judah L. Magnes Museum	director	Curator
Dil To Pagal Hai	director	Yash Chopra
Assassin of Youth	director	Elmer Clifton
Blood Brothers (The Outer Limits)	director	Tibor Takács (director)
The Apple Dumpling Gang (film)	director	Norman Tokar
Peak Performance (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Scheerer
Sandor slash Ida (film)	director	Henrik Georgsson
Shades of Gray (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Second Soul	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Monster A Go-Go	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Monster A Go-Go	director	Bill Rebane
Nothing in Common	director	Garry Marshall
K Street (TV series)	director	Steven Soderbergh
The Pompatus of Love	director	Richard Schenkman
White Light Fever	director	Tibor Takács (director)
Guess Who (film)	director	Kevin Rodney Sullivan
A Clockwork Orange (film)	director	Stanley Kubrick
Martin Lawrence Live: Runteldat	director	David Raynr
Alfalfa's Aunt	director	George Sidney
Shadow (1956 film)	director	Jerzy Kawalerowicz
Under the Bed (The Outer Limits)	director	René Bonnière
Operation Dumbo Drop	director	Simon Wincer
Wintertime	director	John Brahm
Straight and Narrow (The Outer Limits)	director	Joseph L. Scanlan
Mr. Monk and the Candidate	director	Dean Parisot
Elizabethtown (film)	director	Cameron Crowe
Battle for Ozzfest	director	Lisa Caruso
Battle for Ozzfest	director	Rick Telles
Zero Hour!	director	Hall Bartlett
After Dark, My Sweet	director	James Foley
Odds Against Tomorrow	director	Robert Wise
The Long Night (1947 film)	director	Anatole Litvak
The Game of Their Lives (2005 film)	director	David Anspaugh
Mr. Monk Meets Dale the Whale	director	Hard Rock Miners
Big Bird in China	director	Jon Stone
Just My Luck (2006 film)	director	Donald Petrie
Screaming Mimi (film)	director	Gerd Oswald
The Allnighter (film)	director	Tamar Simon Hoffs
On se calme et on boit frais à Saint-Tropez	director	Max Pécas
Night Train (1959 film)	director	Jerzy Kawalerowicz
Hercules (1998 TV series)	director	Phil Weinstein
The Legend of Tarzan	director	Steve Loter
The Legend of Tarzan	director	Chris Buck
Deliver Us from Eva	director	Gary Hardwick
Carbon Copy (film)	director	Michael Schultz
White Men Can't Jump	director	Ron Shelton
Mother Joan of the Angels	director	Jerzy Kawalerowicz
So Dear to My Heart	director	Harold D. Schuster
So Dear to My Heart	director	Hamilton Luske
Night Moves (film)	director	Arthur Penn
Only the Strong	director	Sheldon Lettich
Billy Budd (film)	director	Peter Ustinov
Cold Front (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
Musafir (2004 film)	director	Sanjay Gupta (director)
A Kiss Before Dying (1991 film)	director	James Dearden
Bits of Love (The Outer Limits)	director	Neil Fearnley
Chef Aid	director	Trey Parker
Homeboys in Outer Space	director	Albert Alarr
Homeboys in Outer Space	director	Gerry Cohen (director)
Homeboys in Outer Space	director	Matthew Diamond
Homeboys in Outer Space	director	Tony Singletary
Homeboys in Outer Space	director	Glynn Turman
Embrace of the Vampire	director	Anne Goursaud
A Little Romance	director	George Roy Hill
Tetsuo: The Iron Man	director	Shinya Tsukamoto
Dark Passage (film)	director	Delmer Daves
8 Million Ways to Die	director	Hal Ashby
Swimming with Sharks	director	George Huang (director)
These Are the Voyages...	director	Allan Kroeker
School's Out! The Musical	director	Butch Hartman
Autumn Leaves (film)	director	Robert Aldrich
The Phantom of the Opera (1989 film)	director	Dwight H. Little
Stay Tuned (film)	director	Peter Hyams
Life (film)	director	Ted Demme
The Brother from Another Planet	director	John Sayles
Gilda	director	Charles Vidor
Namukku Parkkan Munthiri Thoppukal	director	Padmarajan
Blood, Guts, Bullets and Octane	director	Joe Carnahan
Virtual Future (The Outer Limits)	director	Joseph L. Scanlan
A Man Apart	director	F. Gary Gray
Dead Stop	director	Roxann Dawson
Strike It Rich (film)	director	James Scott
Fair Game (1995 film)	director	Andrew Sipes
A Raisin in the Sun (film)	director	Daniel Petrie
Five Corners (film)	director	Tony Bill
The God of Cookery	director	Stephen Chow
The God of Cookery	director	Lee Lik-chi
Living Hell (The Outer Limits)	director	Graeme Campbell (director)
Phantom Below	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
Attack of the Giant Leeches	director	Bernard L. Kowalski
Insignificance (film)	director	Nicolas Roeg
The Cutting Edge	director	Paul Michael Glaser
Help! I'm a Fish	director	Stefan Fjeldmark
Help! I'm a Fish	director	Michael Hegner
Help! I'm a Fish	director	Greg Manwaring
Hum Tum	director	Kunal Kohli
The Deadly Mantis	director	Nathan H. Juran
Police Academy 5: Assignment Miami Beach	director	Alan Myerson
Robinson Crusoe on Mars	director	Byron Haskin
Harlem Nights	director	Eddie Murphy
Zebrahead (film)	director	Anthony Drazan
The Girl on the Bridge	director	Patrice Leconte
What a Way to Go!	director	J. Lee Thompson
102 Dalmatians	director	Kevin Lima
Teacher's Pet (1930 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Oddworld: Stranger's Wrath	director	Lorne Lanning
The Family Stone	director	Thomas Bezucha
Little Buddha	director	Bernardo Bertolucci
Mahogany (film)	director	Berry Gordy
Film Socialisme	director	Jean-Luc Godard
The Mudge Boy	director	Michael Burke
Pups Is Pups	director	Robert F. McGowan
Alpha Dog	director	Nick Cassavetes
Imaginary Heroes	director	Dan Harris (screenwriter)
Trouble Man	director	Ivan Dixon
The Enchanted Cottage (1945 film)	director	John Cromwell (director)
Lords of Dogtown	director	Catherine Hardwicke
Men of Honor	director	George Tillman, Jr.
Nice Time	director	Claude Goretta
Nice Time	director	Alain Tanner
Unleashed (film)	director	Louis Leterrier
Black Cloud	director	Rick Schroder
Ley's Line	director	Osamu Fukutani
Premonition (2004 film)	director	Tsuruta Norio
Sennenbi	director	Naoki Segi
Tony Takitani	director	Jun Ichikawa
The Twilight Samurai	director	Yoji Yamada
Au revoir les enfants	director	Louis Malle
Leprechaun (film)	director	Mark Jones (screenwriter)
White Mischief	director	Michael Radford
Tais-toi !	director	Francis Veber
Corner of the Eye	director	Stuart Gillard
Dark Matters (The Outer Limits)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Hangar 18 (film)	director	James L. Conway
Stitch in Time	director	Mario Azzopardi
Urban Legends: Final Cut	director	John Ottman
They're a Weird Mob (film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Boy Who Turned Yellow	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Silver Fleet	director	Vernon Sewell
The Silver Fleet	director	Gordon Wellesley
In the Presence of a Clown	director	Ingmar Bergman
Sade (film)	director	Benoît Jacquot
Help!... It's the Hair Bear Bunch!	director	William Hanna
Help!... It's the Hair Bear Bunch!	director	Joseph Barbera
The Funky Phantom	director	William Hanna
The Funky Phantom	director	Joseph Barbera
Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End	director	Gore Verbinski
Enlarged to Show Detail 2	director	Carter B. Smith
The Edge of the World	director	Michael Powell (director)
Age of Consent (film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
Jeepers Creepers (2001 film)	director	Victor Salva
Real Women Have Curves	director	Patricia Cardoso
National Centre for Radio Astrophysics	director	Swarnakanti Ghosh
The Year of the Sex Olympics	director	Michael Elliott
Crisis (1946 film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
Cartman Gets an Anal Probe	director	Trey Parker
The Howling (film)	director	Joe Dante
Cooley High	director	Michael Schultz
The Conversion (The Outer Limits)	director	Rebecca De Mornay
The Grotesque (film)	director	John-Paul Davidson
Quality of Mercy (The Outer Limits)	director	Brad Turner (director)
Varsity Blues (film)	director	Brian Robbins
The Voyage Home (The Outer Limits)	director	Tibor Takács (director)
Underworld (1985 film)	director	George Pavlou
Willard (1971 film)	director	Daniel Mann
Eat the Rich (film)	director	Peter Richardson (actor)
Twisted Obsession	director	Fernando Trueba
Get Carter (2000 film)	director	Stephen Kay
The Night and the Moment	director	Anna Maria Tatò
Kansas City (1996 film)	director	Robert Altman
The Evening Star	director	Robert Harling
The Designated Mourner	director	David Hare (playwright)
The Big Brass Ring	director	George Hickenlooper
A Wish for Wings That Work    1	director	Skip Jones
The Hairdresser's Husband	director	Patrice Leconte
Pacific Heights (film)	director	John Schlesinger
The Freshman (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Joss Whedon
Vertical Limit	director	Martin Campbell
Jack-Jack Attack	director	Brad Bird
Rosetta (film)	director	Dardenne brothers
Rosetta (film)	director	Dardenne brothers
Battle Clash	director	Makoto Kano (video game designer)
The Message (The Outer Limits)	director	Joseph L. Scanlan
The Choice (The Outer Limits)	director	Mark Sobel
Out of Bounds (1986 film)	director	Richard Tuggle
Duplex (film)	director	Danny DeVito
Living Conditions	director	David Grossman (director)
Turn Left, Turn Right	director	Johnnie To
Turn Left, Turn Right	director	Wai Ka-Fai
Secrets (film)	director	Frank Borzage
Saat Hindustani	director	Khwaja Ahmad Abbas
Two of a Kind (1983 film)	director	John Herzfeld
Lotna	director	Andrzej Wajda
Babes on Broadway	director	Busby Berkeley
Babes on Broadway	director	Vincente Minnelli
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (film)	director	Michael Schultz
Santo Contra los Zombis	director	Benito Alazraki
Brothers (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
The Mirror Crack'd	director	Guy Hamilton
Ma vie en rose	director	Alain Berliner
Good Morning Britain	director	Nicholas Ferguson
A Ship to India	director	Ingmar Bergman
The Losing Edge	director	Trey Parker
Design Museum	director	Deyan Sudjic
The Siege (Stargate Atlantis)	director	Martin Wood
La usurpadora	director	Beatriz Sheridan
La usurpadora	director	Nathalie Lartilleux
Big Trouble (film)	director	Barry Sonnenfeld
Kissing Jessica Stein	director	Charles Herman-Wurmfeld
The Stendhal Syndrome	director	Dario Argento
The Harsh Light of Day (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	James A. Contner
Blastfighter	director	Lamberto Bava
Lantana (film)	director	Ray Lawrence (film director)
The Monkey's Uncle	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
The Misadventures of Merlin Jones	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
WUSA (film)	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Naked (film)	director	Mike Leigh
Link (film)	director	Richard Franklin (director)
Freeway II: Confessions of a Trickbaby	director	Matthew Bright
Naruto the Movie 2: Legend of the Stone of Gelel	director	Hirotsugu Kawasaki
Baabul (2006 film)	director	Ravi Chopra
Escape from Alcatraz (film)	director	Don Siegel
Bulldog Drummond's Revenge	director	Louis King
Born to Kill (1947 film)	director	Robert Wise
Fear in the Night	director	Maxwell Shane
Loving You	director	Hal Kanter
Frankenstein (1910 film)	director	J. Searle Dawley
G.I. Blues	director	Norman Taurog
G.I. Blues	director	Michael D. Moore
Twin Town	director	Kevin Allen (actor)
The End (film)	director	Burt Reynolds
The End (film)	director	James Best
Pervirella	director	Alex Chandon
Wild in the Country	director	Philip Dunne (writer)
Step into Liquid	director	Dana Brown
Goin' Down the Road	director	Donald Shebib
Company (film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Snow Day (film)	director	Chris Koch
I, Robot (1995 The Outer Limits)	director	Adam Nimoy
If These Walls Could Talk (The Outer Limits)	director	Tibor Takács (director)
Birthright (The Outer Limits)	director	William Fruet
The Son of Kong	director	Ernest B. Schoedsack
SICK: The Life & Death of Bob Flanagan, Supermasochist	director	Kirby Dick
Family Business (TV series)	director	Jay Blumenfield
Family Business (TV series)	director	Anthony Marsh
The End of Evangelion	director	Kazuya Tsurumaki
The End of Evangelion	director	Hideaki Anno
Incident at Loch Ness	director	Zak Penn
Great White (film)	director	Enzo G. Castellari
Big B (film)	director	Amal Neerad
In the Heat of the Night (film)	director	Norman Jewison
L.I.E.	director	Michael Cuesta
Every Which Way but Loose (film)	director	James Fargo
Amazon Women on the Moon	director	Joe Dante
Amazon Women on the Moon	director	Carl Gottlieb
Amazon Women on the Moon	director	Peter Horton
Amazon Women on the Moon	director	John Landis
Amazon Women on the Moon	director	Robert K. Weiss
Shiroi Kyotō	director	Satsuo Yamamoto
Stuart Saves His Family	director	Harold Ramis
Fear, Itself	director	Tucker Gates
Rescue 911	director	Allison Grodner
Élisa (film)	director	Jean Becker (director)
The Squid and the Whale	director	Noah Baumbach
Last Woman on Earth	director	Roger Corman
The Return of the Pink Panther	director	Blake Edwards
Village of the Damned (1960 film)	director	Wolf Rilla
Village of the Damned (1995 film)	director	John Carpenter
Roma (1972 film)	director	Federico Fellini
Nights of Cabiria	director	Federico Fellini
The Lost World of Mitchell & Kenyon	director	Emma Hindley
Return from Witch Mountain	director	John Hough (director)
Space Cowboys	director	Clint Eastwood
Barfly (film)	director	Barbet Schroeder
Whirlpool (film)	director	Otto Preminger
Resurrection (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
Unnatural Selection (The Outer Limits)	director	Joseph L. Scanlan
Turner & Hooch	director	Roger Spottiswoode
Ed (film)	director	Bill Couturié
Karin's Face	director	Ingmar Bergman
After the Rehearsal	director	Ingmar Bergman
Hour of the Wolf	director	Ingmar Bergman
Cartman's Silly Hate Crime 2000	director	Trey Parker
Queer Duck	director	Xeth Feinberg
I Hear You Calling	director	Mario Azzopardi
The Flintstone Kids	director	Arthur Davis (animator)
The Flintstone Kids	director	Carl Urbano
Jeannie (TV series)	director	Charles August Nichols
Speed Buggy	director	Charles August Nichols
Goober and the Ghost Chasers	director	Charles August Nichols
Inch High, Private Eye	director	Charles August Nichols
Buford and the Galloping Ghost	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Buford and the Galloping Ghost	director	Carl Urbano
A History of Violence (film)	director	David Cronenberg
Tower of Terror (film)	director	D. J. MacHale
Beauty Shop	director	Bille Woodruff
El crimen del Padre Amaro	director	Carlos Carrera
Series 7: The Contenders	director	Daniel Minahan
Spin-Off (game show)	director	Bob Schwarz
The Decks Ran Red	director	Andrew L. Stone
Ninne Pelladutha	director	Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi
Mind over Matter (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
Nowhere in Africa	director	Caroline Link
Beyond the Veil (The Outer Limits)	director	Chris Brancato
101 Dalmatians II: Patch's London Adventure	director	Jim Kammerud
Breakdown (film)	director	Jonathan Mostow
Enos (TV series)	director	Bernard McEveety
Smokey and the Bandit Part 3	director	Dick Lowry
Kidd Video	director	Bud Schaetzle
How to Make an American Quilt	director	Jocelyn Moorhouse
Night Watch (2004 film)	director	Timur Bekmambetov
First Anniversary (The Outer Limits)	director	Brad Turner (director)
The Gauntlet (film)	director	Clint Eastwood
Shivering Shakespeare	director	Robert A. McGowan
The Brave	director	Johnny Depp
Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo	director	Mike Mitchell (director)
My Six Convicts	director	Hugo Fregonese
Worlds Apart (The Outer Limits)	director	Brad Turner (director)
Simpsons Already Did It	director	Trey Parker
Last Days (film)	director	Gus Van Sant
Weight Gain 4000	director	Trey Parker
Weight Gain 4000	director	Matt Stone
Volcano (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Volcano (South Park)	director	Matt Stone
Big Gay Al's Big Gay Boat Ride	director	Trey Parker
Death (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Death (South Park)	director	Matt Stone
Damien (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Pinkeye (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Pinkeye (South Park)	director	Matt Stone
Starvin' Marvin (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Wild at Heart (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Grossman (director)
The Refuge (The Outer Limits)	director	Ken Girotti
D.E.B.S. (2004 film)	director	Angela Robinson
Inconstant Moon (The Outer Limits)	director	Joseph L. Scanlan
Gigi (1958 film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Envy (2004 film)	director	Barry Levinson
Krakatoa, East of Java	director	Bernard L. Kowalski
Problem Child 3: Junior in Love	director	Greg Beeman
Wet & Wild: Slippery When Wet	director	Scott Allen
Titanic (TV miniseries)	director	Robert Lieberman
Tell Your Children	director	Donald Crisp
Mayrig	director	Henri Verneuil
Black Knight (film)	director	Gil Junger
Les Misérables (1998 film)	director	Bille August
Joi Baba Felunath	director	Satyajit Ray
The League of Gentlemen's Apocalypse	director	Steve Bendelack
Big Bug Man	director	Bob Bendetson
Big Bug Man	director	Peter Shin
Miss Congeniality 2: Armed and Fabulous	director	John Pasquin
Margaret's Museum	director	Mort Ransen
From Within (The Outer Limits)	director	Neil Fearnley
The Heist (The Outer Limits)	director	Brad Turner (director)
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (2005 film)	director	Doug Liman
Kingdom Hearts II	director	Tetsuya Nomura
XXx: State of the Union	director	Lee Tamahori
A Lot Like Love	director	Nigel Cole
Kicking & Screaming	director	Jesse Dylan
Kicking and Screaming (1995 film)	director	Noah Baumbach
Afterlife (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
The Girl Who Knew Too Much (1969 film)	director	Francis D. Lyon
The Most Beautiful	director	Akira Kurosawa
Looking for Richard	director	Al Pacino
SuperTed	director	Dave Edwards (animator)
The Deprogrammers	director	Joseph L. Scanlan
Mission Kashmir	director	Vidhu Vinod Chopra
Sanshiro Sugata Part II	director	Akira Kurosawa
How I Won the War	director	Richard Lester
Recess: School's Out	director	Chuck Sheetz
The Rookie (1990 film)	director	Clint Eastwood
Paradise (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
The Killers (1964 film)	director	Don Siegel
Tarzan (1999 film)	director	Chris Buck
Tarzan (1999 film)	director	Kevin Lima
The Light Brigade (The Outer Limits)	director	Michael Keusch
Just the Ten of Us	director	Jim Johnston (director)
Just the Ten of Us	director	Howard Storm (director)
Just the Ten of Us	director	John Tracy (director)
Crash (2004 film)	director	Paul Haggis
The Honeymooners (film)	director	John Schultz (director)
Wakko's Wish	director	Liz Holzman
Wakko's Wish	director	Rusty Mills
Wakko's Wish	director	Tom Ruegger
Forklift Driver Klaus – The First Day on the Job	director	Stefan Prehn
Forklift Driver Klaus – The First Day on the Job	director	Jörg Wagner
The Adventures of Rex and Rinty	director	Ford Beebe
The Adventures of Rex and Rinty	director	B. Reeves Eason
Falling Star (The Outer Limits)	director	Ken Girotti
Minotaur (film)	director	Jonathan English (director)
Mission to Moscow	director	Michael Curtiz
Kid Galahad	director	Phil Karlson
The Comedy Company	director	Jo Lane
The Comedy Company	director	Ian McFadyen
The Juniper Tree (film)	director	Nietzchka Keene
The Toast of New Orleans	director	Norman Taurog
George Washington (film)	director	David Gordon Green
Shirt Tales	director	George Gordon (animator)
Shirt Tales	director	Carl Urbano
Live Free or Die Hard	director	Len Wiseman
Love Liza	director	Todd Louiso
Out of Body (The Outer Limits)	director	Ken Girotti
Vanishing Act (The Outer Limits)	director	Jonathan Glassner
The Sentence (The Outer Limits)	director	Joseph L. Scanlan
Girls! Girls! Girls!	director	Norman Taurog
Hue and Cry (film)	director	Charles Crichton
Old Yeller (1957 film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Maid in Manhattan	director	Wayne Wang
The Q and the Grey	director	Cliff Bole
Mayabazar	director	Kadri Venkata Reddy
The Cure (1995 film)	director	Peter Horton
Phantom Lady (film)	director	Robert Siodmak
Second Thoughts (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
It Happened at the World's Fair	director	Norman Taurog
Serenade (film)	director	Anthony Mann
Kissin' Cousins	director	Gene Nelson
Re-generation (The Outer Limits)	director	Brenton Spencer
The Touch (1971 film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
The Passion of Anna	director	Ingmar Bergman
A Southern Yankee	director	Edward Sedgwick
Red's Dream	director	John Lasseter
The Rite (1969 film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
The New Odd Couple	director	Joel Zwick
For the First Time (1959 film)	director	Rudolph Maté
The Squaw Man (1914 film)	director	Oscar Apfel
The Squaw Man (1914 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Airplane II: The Sequel	director	Ken Finkleman
Guadalcanal Diary (film)	director	Lewis Seiler
Yaadein (2001 film)	director	Subhash Ghai
Chocolat (2000 film)	director	Lasse Hallström
Girl Happy	director	Boris Sagal
Girl Happy	director	Jack Aldworth
Ghulam	director	Vikram Bhatt
Ghulam	director	Mukesh Bhatt
Convoy (1978 film)	director	Sam Peckinpah
Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam	director	Sanjay Leela Bhansali
Josh (2000 film)	director	Mansoor Khan
I Married a Princess	director	Chris Harty
Return to the Blue Lagoon	director	William A. Graham (director)
Superstar (film)	director	Bruce McCulloch
Last Supper (The Outer Limits)	director	Helen Shaver
When in Rome (2002 film)	director	Steve Purcell
Tickle Me	director	Norman Taurog
Tickle Me	director	Arthur Jacobson
Northland (film)	director	Ernest Borneman
Champion (1949 film)	director	Mark Robson
Pixote	director	Héctor Babenco
Dragon Ball Z: Super Android 13!	director	Kazuhito Kikuchi
Dragon Ball Z: The World's Strongest	director	Daisuke Nishio
Puteri Gunung Ledang (film)	director	Saw Teong Hin
Fear and Trembling (film)	director	Alain Corneau
Valérie	director	Denis Héroux
Attack Force Z	director	Tim Burstall
Harum Scarum	director	Gene Nelson
Harum Scarum	director	Eddie Saeta
Doctor in the House	director	Ralph Thomas
Frankie and Johnny (1991 film)	director	Garry Marshall
Le Dernier Combat	director	Luc Besson
Frankie and Johnny (1966 film)	director	Frederick de Cordova
Frankie and Johnny (1966 film)	director	Herbert S. Greene
Paradise, Hawaiian Style	director	Michael D. Moore
Spinout	director	Norman Taurog
Spinout	director	James A. Rosenberger
Haven (film)	director	Frank E. Flowers
The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes	director	Billy Wilder
Easy Come, Easy Go (film)	director	John Rich (director)
Easy Come, Easy Go (film)	director	Robert Goodstein
Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke	director	Mahesh Bhatt
The Brain That Wouldn't Die	director	Joseph Green (filmmaker)
Charulata	director	Satyajit Ray
The Killers (1946 film)	director	Robert Siodmak
Double Trouble (1967 film)	director	Norman Taurog
Double Trouble (1967 film)	director	Robert Goodstein
Bridget Jones's Diary (film)	director	Sharon Maguire
AWESOM-O	director	Trey Parker
Jamón, jamón	director	Bigas Luna
SuperTex	director	Jan Schütte
Black and White (1999 television film)	director	Yuri Zeltser
Clambake	director	Arthur H. Nadel
The Tomb of Ligeia	director	Roger Corman
Bebe's Boobs Destroy Society	director	Trey Parker
Stay Away, Joe	director	Peter Tewksbury
Stay Away, Joe	director	Robert Goodstein
All About Mormons	director	Trey Parker
Do the Handicapped Go to Hell?	director	Trey Parker
Boom Town (film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Biker Boyz	director	Reggie Rock Bythewood
The Millionairess	director	Anthony Asquith
Drew Carey's Green Screen Show	director	Marv Newland
Drew Carey's Green Screen Show	director	John R. Dilworth
Drew Carey's Green Screen Show	director	Cordell Barker
Speedway (film)	director	Norman Taurog
Speedway (film)	director	Robert Goodstein
The Quality of Life (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Jonathan Frakes
Live a Little, Love a Little	director	Norman Taurog
Tintorera	director	René Cardona Jr.
Charro!	director	Charles Marquis Warren
The Trouble with Girls	director	Peter Tewksbury
The Trouble with Girls	director	George Templeton
The Red Curtain Trilogy	director	Baz Luhrmann
Stream of Consciousness (The Outer Limits)	director	Joe Nimziki
Seeing Red (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Michael Gershman (director)
Cazuza – O Tempo Não Pára	director	Walter Carvalho
Cazuza – O Tempo Não Pára	director	Sandra Werneck
Dark Rain (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit	director	Nick Park
Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit	director	Steve Box
The Swarm (film)	director	Irwin Allen
Smoke (film)	director	Wayne Wang
Smoke (film)	director	Paul Auster
The Buzz on Maggie	director	Dave Wasson
The Camp (The Outer Limits)	director	Jonathan Glassner
Jackovasaurus	director	Matt Stone
Tupac: Resurrection	director	Lauren Lazin
Indiana Jones and the Infernal Machine	director	Hal Barwood
Payday (1972 film)	director	Daryl Duke
Two Guys Naked in a Hot Tub	director	Trey Parker
Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas	director	Alex Mann
Fire (1996 film)	director	Deepa Mehta
The 36th Chamber of Shaolin	director	Lau Kar-leung
Resident Evil (video game)	director	Shinji Mikami
Resident Evil (video game)  yes   1	director	Shinji Mikami
Pay Day (1922 film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Arrivederci Roma (film)	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
The Ghost and Mr. Chicken	director	Alan Rafkin
The Best of Youth	director	Marco Tullio Giordana
Carry On Camping	director	Gerald Thomas
Summer of '42	director	Robert Mulligan
Tempests (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
Zubeidaa	director	Shyam Benegal
Extreme Engineering	director	Peter Frumkin
Extreme Engineering	director	Olympia Stone
I Will Remember You (Angel)	director	David Grossman (director)
The Initiative	director	James A. Contner
Jewbilee	director	Trey Parker
Taal (film)	director	Subhash Ghai
Kaante	director	Sanjay Gupta (director)
Fire Birds	director	David Green (director)
Dil Se	director	Mani Ratnam
Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose: The Forgotten Hero	director	Shyam Benegal
Belphegor, Phantom of the Louvre	director	Jean-Paul Salomé
Whisky Romeo Zulu	director	Enrique Piñeyro (actor)
The Bouncer	director	Takashi Tokita
The Bouncer	director	Seiichi Ishii
Awakening (The Outer Limits)	director	George Bloomfield
Meenaxi: A Tale of Three Cities	director	M. F. Husain
Water (1985 film)	director	Dick Clement
The Solid Gold Cadillac	director	Richard Quine
Coma (film)	director	Michael Crichton
La Reine Margot (1994 film)	director	Patrice Chéreau
Music of the Spheres (The Outer Limits)	director	David Warry-Smith
I'm Bout It	director	Master P
Beverly of Graustark	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
Electronic Labyrinth: THX 1138 4EB	director	George Lucas
Ark (2004 film)	director	Kenny Hwang
Pecker (film)	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
Steaming (1985 film)	director	Joseph Losey
Stark Raving Mad (film)	director	David Schneider (writer)
Cyrano de Bergerac (1990 film)	director	Jean-Paul Rappeneau
Mr. Mom	director	Stan Dragoti
A Bell for Adano	director	Henry King (director)
The Magdalene Sisters	director	Peter Mullan
More American Graffiti	director	Bill L. Norton
Escape to Victory	director	John Huston
The Revelations of Becka Paulson	director	Steven Weber (actor)
Phantasm (film)	director	Don Coscarelli
Warwick High School (Newport News)	director	International Baccalaureate
Freak Strike	director	Trey Parker
According to Spencer	director	Shane Edelman
The Crippled Masters	director	Joe Law
The Changeling (film)	director	Peter Medak
Time's Arrow (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Les Landau
The Aunty Jack Show	director	Maurice Murphy (director)
An Ancient Tale: When the Sun Was a God	director	Jerzy Hoffman
The Hanging Tree	director	Delmer Daves
King Arthur & the Knights of Justice	director	Stephan Martinière
King Arthur & the Knights of Justice	director	Michael Donovan
Bodies of Evidence (The Outer Limits)	director	Melvin Van Peebles
A Special Edition	director	Mario Azzopardi
Not Without My Daughter	director	Brian Gilbert (director)
Night on the Galactic Railroad    1	director	Gisaburō Sugii
Blood Sucking Freaks	director	Joel M. Reed
Pangs	director	Michael Lange
Kansas City Confidential	director	Phil Karlson
The Reflecting Skin (film)	director	Philip Ridley
The Glenn Miller Story	director	Anthony Mann
Not Fade Away (Angel)	director	Jeffrey Jackson Bell
The Adventures of André and Wally B.	director	Alvy Ray Smith
Gingerbread (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
Rookie of the Year (film)	director	Daniel Stern (actor)
Where the Boys Are	director	Henry Levin
Manichitrathazhu	director	Fazil
Manichitrathazhu	director	Priyadarshan
Manichitrathazhu	director	Siddique-Lal
Manichitrathazhu	director	Sibi Malayil
Coneheads (film)	director	Steve Barron
A Bill of Divorcement	director	George Cukor
Dino Crisis	director	Shinji Mikami
Mindwalk	director	Bernt Amadeus Capra
Tell Them Willie Boy Is Here	director	Abraham Polonsky
The Cat from Outer Space	director	Norman Tokar
Chopin: Desire for Love	director	Jerzy Antczak
Stir Crazy (film)	director	Sidney Poitier
NetForce (film)	director	Robert Lieberman
Red Sorghum	director	Zhang Yimou
The Cook, the Thief, His Wife & Her Lover	director	Peter Greenaway
Krypto the Superdog	director	Scott Jeralds
America's Team	director	NFL Films
The Odd Angry Shot	director	Tom Jeffrey
Proper Condom Use	director	Trey Parker
Shadow of the Colossus	director	Fumito Ueda
Deadfall (1993 film)	director	Christopher Coppola
Barabbas (1961 film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Casa Bonita (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Tales from the Cryptkeeper	director	Laura Shepherd
The Paul Hogan Show	director	Peter Faiman
The Fugitive (1993 film)	director	Andrew Davis (film director)
Hi, Mom!	director	Brian De Palma
Woo (film)	director	Daisy von Scherler Mayer
Stardom	director	Denys Arcand
The Promised Land	director	Andrzej Wajda
Stealing Beauty	director	Bernardo Bertolucci
The Rachel Papers	director	Damian Harris
Sorrell and Son	director	Herbert Brenon
The Women on the Roof	director	Carl-Gustav Nykvist
Speedy (film)	director	Ted Wilde
House of D	director	David Duchovny
Star Wars: Revelations	director	Shane Felux
Dead Celebrities	director	Trey Parker
The Legend of 1900	director	Giuseppe Tornatore
The Art of War (film)	director	Christian Duguay (director)
Damage Control (TV series)	director	Sebastian Doggart
White Nights (1985 film)	director	Taylor Hackford
Big Money Hustlas	director	John Cafiero
The People Under the Stairs	director	Wes Craven
The Beast with Five Fingers	director	Robert Florey
Hearts and Minds (film)	director	Peter Davis (director)
The Caroline Rhea Show	director	Debbie Miller
The Caroline Rhea Show	director	Caroline Rhea
A Single Girl	director	Benoît Jacquot
The Legend of Bhagat Singh	director	Rajkumar Santoshi
Dhoom	director	Sanjay Gadhvi
Yamakasi (film)	director	Ariel Zeitoun
Yamakasi (film)	director	Julien Seri
The Plague of the Zombies	director	John Gilling
Kisna: The Warrior Poet	director	Subhash Ghai
In a Mirror, Darkly	director	James L. Conway
Raincoat (film)	director	Rituparno Ghosh
The Legend of Zorro	director	Martin Campbell
The 300 Spartans	director	Rudolph Maté
Quality of Life (film)	director	Benjamin Morgan
Timerider: The Adventure of Lyle Swann	director	William Dear
Bowery Blitzkrieg	director	Wallace Fox
Underworld (1927 film)	director	Josef von Sternberg
The Unfaithful Wife	director	Claude Chabrol
The Deluge (film)	director	Jerzy Hoffman
The Pied Piper of Cleveland	director	Arthur Cohen
With Fire and Sword (film)	director	Jerzy Hoffman
Mystical Ninja Starring Goemon	director	Etsunobu Ebisu
Red Desert (film)	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Quick Change	director	Howard Franklin
Quick Change	director	Bill Murray
Les Mistons	director	François Truffaut
Stonewall (film)	director	Nigel Finch
Les malheurs d'Alfred	director	Pierre Richard
Bade Miyan Chote Miyan	director	David Dhawan
Salangai Oli	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
The Smothers Brothers Show	director	Charles Barton
The Smothers Brothers Show	director	Frederick de Cordova
The Smothers Brothers Show	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Something's Got to Give	director	George Cukor
Die Hard Arcade	director	Makoto Uchida
Scott Tenorman Must Die	director	Eric Stough
Vidocq (2001 film)	director	Pitof
Rokk í Reykjavík	director	Friðrik Þór Friðriksson
Through a Glass Darkly (film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
The Blue Gardenia	director	Fritz Lang
American Pimp	director	Hughes brothers
American Pimp	director	Hughes brothers
The Colbert Report	director	Jim Hoskinson
The Legend of Suriyothai	director	Chatrichalerm Yukol
Darkman	director	Sam Raimi
White Oleander (film)	director	Peter Kosminsky
Rising Sun (film)	director	Philip Kaufman
Care Bears: Journey to Joke-a-lot	director	Mike Fallows
Bachelor Party (film)	director	Neal Israel
Cat Orgy	director	Trey Parker
Karla (film)	director	Joel Bender
Spun	director	Jonas Åkerlund
100 Rifles	director	Tom Gries
Where the Buffalo Roam	director	Art Linson
El Topo	director	Alejandro Jodorowsky
Bio Zombie	director	Wilson Yip
Redneck Zombies	director	Pericles Lewnes
Wild Zero	director	Tetsuro Takeuchi
The Roots of Heaven	director	John Huston
The Day of the Dolphin	director	Mike Nichols
Don't Make Waves	director	Alexander Mackendrick
Eye of the Devil	director	J. Lee Thompson
Lumière and Company	director	Lumière and Company#Directors
The Crossing (2000 film)	director	Robert Harmon
Sometimes in April	director	Raoul Peck
Cuban Rebel Girls	director	Barry Mahon
Cannibal Women in the Avocado Jungle of Death	director	J. F. Lawton
Anniyan	director	S. Shankar
Hoodlum (film)	director	Bill Duke
Kingpin (film)	director	Bobby Farrelly
Kingpin (film)	director	Peter Farrelly
Outrageous Fortune (film)	director	Arthur Hiller
Koma (film)	director	Law Chi-leung
House of Wax (2005 film)	director	Jaume Collet-Serra
The Truth About Jane and Sam	director	Derek Yee
When I Fall in Love... with Both	director	Samson Chiu
House of Harmony	director	Marco Serafini
Minefield (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	James A. Contner
Nothing Sacred (film)	director	William A. Wellman
Kekexili: Mountain Patrol	director	Lu Chuan
Road Gang	director	Louis King
Masters of the Maze	director	Richard S. Kline
The War (film)	director	Jon Avnet
Cancelled (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Snow Falling on Cedars (film)	director	Scott Hicks
National Lampoon's European Vacation	director	Amy Heckerling
Crossover (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	David Livingston
Bayside Shakedown: The Movie	director	Katsuyuki Motohiro
Gleaming the Cube	director	Graeme Clifford
Torque (film)	director	Joseph Kahn
The Fat Spy	director	Joseph Cates
Chalk (TV series)	director	Juliet May
Mesa of Lost Women	director	Ron Ormond
Troll (film)	director	John Carl Buechler
Teenage Zombies	director	Jerry Warren
Voodoo Woman	director	Edward L. Cahn
Frankenstein Conquers the World	director	Ishirō Honda
The Creeping Terror  Creep!   1	director	Pete Schuermann
They Saved Hitler's Brain	director	David Bradley (director)
Black Belt Jones	director	Robert Clouse
The Beverly Hillbillies (film)	director	Penelope Spheeris
The Bourne Ultimatum (film)	director	Paul Greengrass
The Gathering Storm (1974 film)	director	Herbert Wise
A King in New York	director	Charlie Chaplin
Casper: A Spirited Beginning	director	Sean McNamara (director)
Pocket Money	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Green Tea (film)	director	Zhang Yuan
Greetings (film)	director	Brian De Palma
The God Who Wasn't There	director	Brian Flemming
Australian Rules (film)	director	Paul Goldman
Under Suspicion (2000 film)	director	Stephen Hopkins (director)
Jeffrey (film)	director	Christopher Ashley
Priest (1994 film)	director	Antonia Bird
Bottoms Up (Bottom episode)	director	Ed Bye
Ninja Academy	director	Nico Mastorakis
The Thirteen Chairs	director	Nicolas Gessner
The Thirteen Chairs	director	Luciano Lucignani
Death Dimension	director	Al Adamson
The Execution of Private Slovik	director	Lamont Johnson
Monkey Business (1952 film)	director	Howard Hawks
The New Janitor	director	Charlie Chaplin
Dark Star (film)	director	John Carpenter
Stratagem (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Mike Vejar
Pola X	director	Leos Carax
Evolver (film)	director	Mark Rosman
Alien Intruder	director	Ricardo Jacques Gale
Impact (film)	director	Arthur Lubin
Eye of the Beholder (film)	director	Stephan Elliott
Saving Star Wars	director	Gary Wood (filmmaker)
Paheli	director	Amol Palekar
Mullet (film)	director	David Caesar
Bullet in the Head	director	John Woo
Tanner on Tanner	director	Robert Altman
Secondhand Lions	director	Tim McCanlies
Tout Va Bien	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Tout Va Bien	director	Jean-Pierre Gorin
The Enforcer (1951 film)	director	Bretaigne Windust
The Enforcer (1951 film)	director	Raoul Walsh
The Beyond (film)	director	Lucio Fulci
Wrongfully Accused	director	Pat Proft
Jeanne d'Arc (1900 film)	director	Georges Méliès
Dr. Terror's House of Horrors	director	Freddie Francis
Off and Running	director	Edward Bianchi
Naked Gun 33⅓: The Final Insult	director	Peter Segal
Valerie and Her Week of Wonders (film)	director	Jaromil Jireš
Pusher (film)	director	Nicolas Winding Refn
Starvin' Marvin in Space	director	Trey Parker
Lime Street (TV series)	director	Ray Austin (director)
Lime Street (TV series)	director	Earl Bellamy
The Miracle Maker (2000 film)	director	Derek W. Hayes
The Miracle Maker (2000 film)	director	Stanislav Sokolov
The Death Camp of Tolerance	director	Trey Parker
The Big Broadcast of 1938	director	Mitchell Leisen
Alexander the Great (1956 film)	director	Robert Rossen
Bad Boys (1983 film)	director	Rick Rosenthal
Welcome to Mooseport	director	Donald Petrie
The Lords of Flatbush	director	Martin Davidson
A Stranger Among Us	director	Sidney Lumet
Boxcar Bertha	director	Martin Scorsese
Who's That Knocking at My Door	director	Martin Scorsese
Carve Her Name with Pride	director	Lewis Gilbert
Taste of Cherry	director	Abbas Kiarostami
BBQ with Bobby Flay	director	Lauren Metzger
BBQ with Bobby Flay	director	Gordon Recht
Daffy Duck's Quackbusters	director	Greg Ford
Daffy Duck's Quackbusters	director	Friz Freleng
Daffy Duck's Quackbusters	director	Chuck Jones
Daffy Duck's Quackbusters	director	Robert McKimson
People Will Talk	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
The Clairvoyant	director	Maurice Elvey
The Ninth Day	director	Volker Schlöndorff
Pusher II	director	Nicolas Winding Refn
Troop Beverly Hills	director	Jeff Kanew
Butters' Very Own Episode	director	Eric Stough
Gigantic (A Tale of Two Johns)	director	A. J. Schnack
The Harder They Fall	director	Mark Robson
The Godfather Saga	director	Francis Ford Coppola
The Godfather Saga  The Godfather Trilogy: 1901–1980   1	director	Francis Ford Coppola
The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe	director	Andrew Adamson
Payback (1999 film)	director	Brian Helgeland
The Island (1980 film)	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
No Regrets for Our Youth	director	Akira Kurosawa
Nick of Time (film)	director	John Badham
Monster-in-Law	director	Robert Luketic
The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian	director	Andrew Adamson
The Flamingo Kid	director	Garry Marshall
Crazy/Beautiful	director	John Stockwell (actor)
Moonlight Mile (film)	director	Brad Silberling
Singin' in the Rain	director	Gene Kelly
Singin' in the Rain	director	Stanley Donen
Lego Star Wars: Revenge of the Brick	director	Mark Hamill
Pulp (1972 film)	director	Mike Hodges
Spookyfish	director	Trey Parker
Desert Fury	director	Lewis Allen (director)
Dark City (1998 film)	director	Alex Proyas
Au Hasard Balthazar	director	Robert Bresson
Teorema (film)	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
My Life as McDull	director	Toe Yuen
Close-Up (film)	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Different from the Others	director	Richard Oswald
Growing Up Live	director	Hamish Hamilton (director)
Joseph in the Land of Egypt (film)	director	George Roland
The Klansman	director	Terence Young (director)
The Klansman	director	Ridgeway Callow
Gary Larson's Tales from the Far Side	director	Marv Newland
The Americanization of Emily	director	Arthur Hiller
Pre-School (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
What? (film)	director	Roman Polanski
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang	director	Shane Black
Another State of Mind (film)	director	Adam Small
Another State of Mind (film)	director	Dog's Eye View
Black Angel	director	Roy William Neill
Gerry Anderson's New Captain Scarlet	director	David Lane (director)
V for Vendetta (film)	director	James McTeigue
Atomic Train	director	David Jackson (director)
Atomic Train	director	Dick Lowry
Battle Circus (film)	director	Richard Brooks
Sleeping Dogs (1977 film)	director	Roger Donaldson
Criminal Nature (The Outer Limits)	director	Steve Anker
The Hunt (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
Dadah Is Death	director	Jerry London
Cardassians (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Cliff Bole
Faith Based Initiative	director	Christopher Misiano
9½ Weeks	director	Adrian Lyne
Kyun! Ho Gaya Na...	director	Samir Karnik
The Finale (Everybody Loves Raymond)	director	Gary Halvorson
The Pianist (2002 film)	director	Roman Polanski
Wah-Wah	director	Richard E. Grant
Provoked (film)	director	Jag Mundhra
Radio (2003 film)	director	Michael Tollin
Padre Coraje	director	Martín Saban
Padre Coraje	director	Sebastián Pivotto
Why We Fight (2005 film)	director	Eugene Jarecki
Andarivaadu	director	Srinu Vaitla
The Innocents (film)	director	Jack Clayton
Kirk (TV series)	director	Scott Baio
Kirk (TV series)	director	Rich Correll
Kirk (TV series)	director	James Hampton (actor)
Kirk (TV series)	director	Joel Zwick
Fangface	director	Rudy Larriva
Charles II: The Power and The Passion	director	Joe Wright
Dirigible (film)	director	Frank Capra
The Star Maker	director	Giuseppe Tornatore
Tom's Rhinoplasty	director	Trey Parker
Unrepeatable	director	John Gordillo
The Dream Catcher	director	Edward A. Radtke
Only Angels Have Wings	director	Howard Hawks
Teeny Little Super Guy	director	Paul Fierlinger
Broken Flowers	director	Jim Jarmusch
The Exterminator	director	James Glickenhaus
The Nasty Girl	director	Michael Verhoeven
What Do You Say to a Naked Lady?	director	Allen Funt
Who's Your Daddy? (TV series)	director	Bryan O'Donnell
The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1923 film)	director	Wallace Worsley
Threesome (film)	director	Andrew Fleming
The Monolith Monsters	director	John Sherwood (director)
Cartman's Incredible Gift	director	Trey Parker
Land of the Giants	director	Harry Harris (director)
Land of the Giants	director	Sobey Martin
H2O (miniseries)	director	Charles Binamé
Three (2002 film)	director	Kim Ji-woon
Three (2002 film)	director	Nonzee Nimibutr
Three (2002 film)	director	Peter Chan
The Da Vinci Code (film)	director	Ron Howard
Runaway Bride (1999 film)	director	Garry Marshall
That Obscure Object of Desire	director	Luis Buñuel
Warning Shot	director	Buzz Kulik
I Love You, Alice B. Toklas	director	Hy Averback
Arnold's Wrecking Co.	director	Steven E. de Souza
H.M.S. Defiant	director	Lewis Gilbert
The Show Must Go On (ER)	director	John Wells (TV producer)
Rock-a-Doodle	director	Don Bluth
Land and Freedom	director	Ken Loach
Mirror, Mirror (film)	director	Marina Sargenti
Love 'em and Weep	director	Fred Guiol
Nutty Professor II: The Klumps	director	Peter Segal
Trapper Keeper (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? (film)	director	Robert Aldrich
Ida Makes a Movie	director	Kit Hood
Ida Makes a Movie	director	Linda Schuyler
State and Main	director	David Mamet
Dead Reckoning (film)	director	John Cromwell (director)
Return of the Killer Tomatoes	director	John De Bello
The Lady from Shanghai	director	Orson Welles
The Best of 1980–1990    1	director	Donald Cammell
The Best of 1980–1990    1	director	Phil Joanou
The Best of 1980–1990    1	director	List of Latin phrases (E)#et alibi
The Best of 1990–2000    1	director	Kevin Godley
The Best of 1990–2000    1	director	Stéphane Sednaoui
The Best of 1990–2000    1	director	Jonas Åkerlund
The Best of 1990–2000    1	director	Anton Corbijn
The Best of 1990–2000    1	director	List of Latin phrases (E)#et alibi
Dinner at Eight (Frasier episode)	director	James Burrows
Gorgo (film)	director	Eugène Lourié
Momentum (2003 film)	director	James Seale (film director)
Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna	director	Karan Johar
Cheaper by the Dozen 2	director	Adam Shankman
Epidemic (film)	director	Lars von Trier
Year of the Horse	director	Jim Jarmusch
The Pleasure Seekers	director	Jean Negulesco
Brain Damage (film)	director	Frank Henenlotter
Moonlighting (film)	director	Jerzy Skolimowski
La Ronde (1950 film)	director	Max Ophüls
Who Dares Wins (film)	director	Ian Sharp
Rampage (1987 film)	director	William Friedkin
Dino Crisis 2	director	Shu Takumi
The Seinfeld Chronicles	director	Art Wolff
Everything Is Illuminated (film)	director	Liev Schreiber
The Wild Angels	director	Roger Corman
River of No Return	director	Otto Preminger
Sister Kate (TV series)	director	Jeff Melman
Sister Kate (TV series)	director	Noam Pitlik
Two-Lane Blacktop	director	Monte Hellman
An Insomniac's Nightmare	director	Tess Nanavati
Puddle Cruiser	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
2019, After the Fall of New York	director	Sergio Martino
One Wonderful Sunday	director	Akira Kurosawa
A Child from the South	director	Sérgio Rezende
The Little Fox	director	Attila Dargay
Barbarella (film)	director	Roger Vadim
Beneath You	director	Nick Marck
The Last Time I Committed Suicide	director	Stephen Kay
Hannie Caulder	director	Burt Kennedy
Superstar: The Karen Carpenter Story	director	Todd Haynes
Gettin' Square	director	Jonathan Teplitzky
Breaking Glass	director	Brian Gibson (director)
Grumpy Old Men (film)	director	Donald Petrie
Grumpier Old Men	director	Howard Deutch
The Brothers McMullen	director	Edward Burns
Swamp Water	director	Jean Renoir
Where the Sidewalk Ends	director	Otto Preminger
Night and the City	director	Jules Dassin
The Iron Petticoat	director	Ralph Thomas
Comic Book: The Movie	director	Mark Hamill
Carpenter Street	director	Mike Vejar
Terra Prime	director	Marvin V. Rush
The Little Prince (film)	director	Stanley Donen
Demons (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	LeVar Burton
Living in Oblivion	director	Tom DiCillo
Bound (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Allan Kroeker
Divergence (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Barrett
Affliction (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Michael Grossman
The Aenar	director	Mike Vejar
Babel One	director	David Straiton
The Forge (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Michael Grossman
Thérèse (film)	director	Alain Cavalier
Three Times	director	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
White Fire	director	Jean-Marie Pallardy
Drowning Mona	director	Nick Gomez
Café Lumière	director	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
Gamera (film)	director	Noriaki Yuasa
Vive L'Amour	director	Tsai Ming-liang
Countdown (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
RoboCop 3	director	Fred Dekker
Oh, God!	director	Carl Reiner
The Shipment (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Straiton
Wkw/tk/1996@7'55"hk.net	director	Wong Kar-wai
Rajiin	director	Mike Vejar
Anomaly (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Straiton
Kin-dza-dza!	director	Georgi Daneliya
Gorky Park (film)	director	Michael Apted
Ashani Sanket	director	Satyajit Ray
Bushwhacked (Firefly)	director	Tim Minear
The Visitor (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	David Livingston
Hanging Up	director	Diane Keaton
Madadayo	director	Akira Kurosawa
Liquid Crystal Institute	director	Oleg D. Lavrentovich
Double Platinum	director	Robert Allan Ackerman
Duma (film)	director	Carroll Ballard
Final Destination 3	director	James Wong (producer)
Gideon's Daughter	director	Stephen Poliakoff
Cambridge Spies	director	Tim Fywell
Talk to Her	director	Pedro Almodóvar
Anytown, USA (film)	director	Kristian Fraga
Legendary Champions	director	Harry Chapin
The Monster Squad	director	Fred Dekker
Rio Lobo	director	Howard Hawks
Udayananu Tharam	director	Rosshan Andrrews
Reflections (1999 film)	director	Pogus Caesar
Chaos Theory (ER)	director	Jonathan Kaplan
The Cincinnati Kid	director	Norman Jewison
The Expanse (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Allan Kroeker
Bounty (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Roxann Dawson
First Flight (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	LeVar Burton
Cogenitor	director	LeVar Burton
The Breach	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
FUBAR (film)	director	Michael Dowse
The Spanish Prisoner	director	David Mamet
Dark Water (2005 film)	director	Walter Salles
The Wraith	director	Mike Marvin
The Gay Sisters	director	Irving Rapper
Yellowbeard	director	Mel Damski
Silent Night, Deadly Night	director	Charles Sellier
The Cat's Meow	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Break of Hearts	director	Philip Moeller
A Woman Rebels	director	Mark Sandrich
Hatari!	director	Howard Hawks
Male and Female	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Sitting Target	director	Douglas Hickox
Norma Jean & Marilyn	director	Tim Fywell
The Passion of the Jew	director	Trey Parker
Red Eye (film)	director	Wes Craven
The Night of the Generals	director	Anatole Litvak
Christopher Strong	director	Dorothy Arzner
Empire (2002 film)	director	Franc. Reyes
The Greatest Game Ever Played	director	Bill Paxton
Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room	director	Alex Gibney
A Good Woman (film)	director	Mike Barker (film director)
Kid Auto Races at Venice	director	Henry Lehrman
Small Time Crooks	director	Woody Allen
Boomerang (1992 film)	director	Reginald Hudlin
The Red Badge of Courage (film)	director	John Huston
Sometimes They Come Back... Again	director	Adam Grossman
Hanover Street (film)	director	Peter Hyams
Poetic Justice (film)	director	John Singleton
Hocus Pocus (film)	director	Kenny Ortega
The Creature Wasn't Nice	director	Bruce Kimmel
Keeping the Faith	director	Edward Norton
The Three Musketeers (1993 film)	director	Stephen Herek
The New York Ripper	director	Lucio Fulci
Goobacks	director	Trey Parker
Go for Broke! (1951 film)	director	Robert Pirosh
Crash Dive	director	Archie Mayo
Next (2007 film)	director	Lee Tamahori
The Blue Lagoon (1949 film)	director	Frank Launder
Something Wicca This Way Comes	director	John T. Kretchmer
Summer Lovers	director	Randal Kleiser
Crazy Watto	director	John E. Hudgens
Gonin	director	Takashi Ishii
Too Much Johnson	director	Orson Welles
Macbeth (1948 film)	director	Orson Welles
Emperor of the North Pole	director	Robert Aldrich
Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot	director	Roger Spottiswoode
How to Get Ahead in Advertising	director	Bruce Robinson
Tainted	director	Orestes Matacena
Spacehunter: Adventures in the Forbidden Zone	director	Lamont Johnson
Throw Momma from the Train	director	Danny DeVito
Rollercoaster (film)	director	James Goldstone
Mother, Jugs & Speed	director	Peter Yates
Perfect Strangers (1945 film)	director	Alexander Korda
The Wild Ride	director	Harvey Berman
Indiscreet (1958 film)	director	Stanley Donen
The Eternal Jew	director	Fritz Hippler
The First Nudie Musical	director	Mark Haggard
The First Nudie Musical	director	Bruce Kimmel
King of Jazz	director	John Murray Anderson
King of Jazz	director	Paul Fejos
Sylvia Scarlett	director	George Cukor
To Have and Have Not (film)	director	Howard Hawks
Mitchell (film)	director	Andrew McLaglen
Kshana Kshanam	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Pithamagan	director	Bala (director)
The Entity (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Gol Maal (1979 film)	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Murphy's Law (TV series)	director	Brian Kirk
What's in the Box	director	Richard L. Bare
Tarzan, the Ape Man (1981 film)	director	John Derek
The Long Ships (film)	director	Jack Cardiff
Bobby Dazzler	director	Marie Trevor
Ugetsu	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
The Desperate Hours (film)	director	William Wyler
Dead or Alive (film)	director	Takashi Miike
BBS: The Documentary	director	Jason Scott Sadofsky
Hannibal Rising (film)	director	Peter Webber
Intersection (film)	director	Mark Rydell
Basic Instinct 2	director	Michael Caton-Jones
Athena (film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Grandview, U.S.A.	director	Randal Kleiser
The Cookout	director	Lance Rivera
The Famous Teddy Z	director	Frank Bonner
The Famous Teddy Z	director	Richard Dubin
The Famous Teddy Z	director	Hugh Wilson (director)
Missamma	director	L. V. Prasad
Tekken: The Motion Picture	director	Strike Witches
The Girls of Pleasure Island	director	Alvin Ganzer
The Girls of Pleasure Island	director	F. Hugh Herbert
Beau Hunks	director	James W. Horne
The Red Badge of Gayness	director	Trey Parker
The Naked City	director	Jules Dassin
Rififi	director	Jules Dassin
H. G. Wells' War of the Worlds (2005 film)	director	The Asylum
Darna (film)	director	Fernando Poe
Space Precinct	director	Alan Birkinshaw
Space Precinct	director	John Glen (director)
Space Precinct	director	Piers Haggard
Space Precinct	director	Sidney Hayers
Space Precinct	director	Silvio Narizzano
TUGS	director	David Mitton
TUGS	director	Chris Tulloch
Angel Eyes (film)	director	Luis Mandoki
Henry's Cat	director	Bob Godfrey
Knight Rider 2000	director	Alan J. Levi
Knight Rider 2010	director	Sam Pillsbury
Prehistoric Ice Man	director	Eric Stough
PTV (Family Guy)	director	Dan Povenmire
Baran (film)	director	Majid Majidi
Norwood (film)	director	Jack Haley, Jr.
Bagdad Café	director	Percy Adlon
Jurm (film)	director	Vikram Bhatt
Tango & Cash	director	Andrei Konchalovsky
Tango & Cash	director	Albert Magnoli
Junior Bonner	director	Sam Peckinpah
Cartman's Mom Is Still a Dirty Slut	director	Trey Parker
Roger Ebert Should Lay Off the Fatty Foods	director	Trey Parker
Invasion U.S.A. (1952 film)	director	Alfred E. Green
See the Sea	director	François Ozon
Le Mans (film)	director	Lee H. Katzin
Poochakkoru Mookkuthi	director	Priyadarshan
Poochakkoru Mookkuthi	director	Sibi Malayil
The 1 Second Film	director	The 1 Second Film
Lolita (1997 film)	director	Adrian Lyne
Pokémon 4Ever	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
Women of the House	director	Harry Thomason
Cry of the City	director	Robert Siodmak
Driving Lessons	director	Jeremy Brock
The Big Steal	director	Don Siegel
Up the Academy	director	Robert Downey, Sr.
Slackers (film)	director	Dewey Nicks
They Made Me a Fugitive	director	Alberto Cavalcanti
Three... Extremes	director	Fruit Chan
Three... Extremes	director	Park Chan-wook
Three... Extremes	director	Takashi Miike
Izo	director	Takashi Miike
Donnie Brasco (film)	director	Mike Newell (director)
The Singing Fool	director	Lloyd Bacon
The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D	director	Robert Rodriguez
The Secret Life of Words	director	Isabel Coixet
Other People's Money	director	Norman Jewison
Old Gringo	director	Luis Puenzo
Fudge (TV series)	director	Bob Clark
Fudge (TV series)	director	Anson Williams
Fudge (TV series)	director	Kristoffer Tabori
Fudge (TV series)	director	Frank Bonner
The Man Without a Past	director	Aki Kaurismäki
The Prince and the Showgirl	director	Laurence Olivier
Pathfinder (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Mike Vejar
Big Wednesday	director	John Milius
Ladies of the Chorus	director	Phil Karlson
Night Man	director	Allan Eastman
Night Man	director	Glen A. Larson
Night Man	director	David Winning
The Theory of Flight	director	Paul Greengrass
The Circle (2000 film)	director	Jafar Panahi
The Alligator People	director	Roy Del Ruth
The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp	director	Frederick Hazlitt Brennan
The Gathering (2002 film)	director	Brian Gilbert (director)
Wolfen (film)	director	Michael Wadleigh
Glengarry Glen Ross (film)	director	James Foley
There's No Business Like Show Business (film)	director	Walter Lang
Da Boom Crew	director	Bruce W. Smith
The Glass Bottom Boat	director	Frank Tashlin
Midnight Lace	director	David Miller (director)
Father Goose (film)	director	Ralph Nelson
The Cutter	director	William Tannen
Duets	director	Bruce Paltrow
Halloween II	director	Rick Rosenthal
Halloween II	director	John Carpenter
Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers	director	Dwight H. Little
Halloween 5: The Revenge of Michael Myers	director	Dominique Othenin-Girard
Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers	director	Joe Chappelle
Oil Storm	director	James Erskine (director)
Cup-tie Honeymoon	director	John E. Blakeley
It's a Wonderful World (1939 film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Shenandoah (film)	director	Andrew McLaglen
Conjoined Fetus Lady	director	Trey Parker
Chibi-Robo!	director	Kenichi Nishi
Glory Road (film)	director	James Gartner
I've Heard the Mermaids Singing	director	Patricia Rozema
Sabah (film)	director	Ruba Nadda
Nayagan	director	Mani Ratnam
Disturbing Behavior	director	David Nutter
The Old Negro Space Program	director	Andy Bobrow
Super Giant	director	Teruo Ishii
Super Giant  2   1	director	Teruo Ishii
Super Giant  3   1	director	Teruo Ishii
Super Giant  4   1	director	Teruo Ishii
Super Giant  5   1	director	Teruo Ishii
Super Giant  6   1	director	Teruo Ishii
Super Giant  7   1	director	Akira Mitsuwa
Super Giant  8   1	director	Chogi Akasaka
Super Giant  9   1	director	Chogi Akasaka
Nightmare Alley (film)	director	Edmund Goulding
Green for Danger (film)	director	Sidney Gilliat
Planet Prince	director	Eijirō Wakabayashi
Life Support (TV series)	director	John Eastway
Life Support (TV series)	director	David McDonald
Amen.	director	Costa-Gavras
Take My Life...Please!	director	Gus Trikonis
Wicked City (film)	director	Yoshiaki Kawajiri
Flightplan	director	Robert Schwentke
House of Bamboo	director	Samuel Fuller
It Came from Outer Space	director	Jack Arnold (director)
The Sentinel (1977 film)	director	Michael Winner
The Super Inframan	director	Shan Hua
When a Stranger Calls (1979 film)	director	Fred Walton
False Profits	director	Cliff Bole
The Mighty Peking Man	director	Ho Meng-hua
Stealth (film)	director	Rob Cohen
How to Make a Monster (2001 film)	director	George Huang (director)
HouseSitter	director	Frank Oz
Blood and Black Lace	director	Mario Bava
Annamayya (film)	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Psycho IV: The Beginning	director	Mick Garris
The Baby-Sitters Club (TV series)	director	Noel Black
The Big Trail	director	Raoul Walsh
Falcons (film)	director	Friðrik Þór Friðriksson
Cold Fever	director	Friðrik Þór Friðriksson
Rome, Open City	director	Roberto Rossellini
Umberto D.	director	Vittorio De Sica
Up Close & Personal	director	Jon Avnet
Daughters of the Dust	director	Julie Dash
2 Young	director	Derek Yee
Humor Risk	director	Richard Smith (silent film director)
A Fine Madness	director	Irvin Kershner
At Five in the Afternoon	director	Samira Makhmalbaf
Grace, Replaced	director	James Burrows
The Reaping	director	Stephen Hopkins (director)
Demetrius and the Gladiators	director	Delmer Daves
Evangelion: Death and Rebirth	director	Hideaki Anno
Evangelion: Death and Rebirth	director	Kazuya Tsurumaki
Meet the Robinsons	director	Stephen J. Anderson
Bolt (2008 film)	director	Chris Williams (director)
Bolt (2008 film)	director	Byron Howard
The Cut (2005 U.S. TV series)	director	Sam Dock
They Call Me MISTER Tibbs!	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Frankenfish	director	Mark A.Z. Dippé
The Street with No Name	director	William Keighley
Major Barbara (film)	director	Gabriel Pascal
Krrish	director	Rakesh Roshan
The Girl Can't Help It	director	Frank Tashlin
The First Wives Club	director	Hugh Wilson (director)
The Real Blonde	director	Tom DiCillo
The Curse of the Jade Scorpion	director	Woody Allen
Desperately Seeking Susan	director	Susan Seidelman
A Face in the Crowd (film)	director	Elia Kazan
Bodysong	director	Simon Pummell
Supervixens	director	Russ Meyer
Tere Naam	director	Satish Kaushik
The Wild Geese	director	Andrew McLaglen
Common Law Cabin	director	Russ Meyer
Good Morning and... Goodbye!	director	Russ Meyer
Up! (1976 film)	director	Russ Meyer
Savage Dawn	director	Simon Nuchtern
Into the Night (film)	director	John Landis
Safe (film)	director	Todd Haynes
The 40-Year-Old Virgin	director	Judd Apatow
Mission: Impossible III	director	J. J. Abrams
Printer's Devil	director	Ralph Senensky
The Sea Wolves	director	Andrew McLaglen
The Electric Horseman	director	Sydney Pollack
Bionic Six	director	Osamu Dezaki
The Bone Collector	director	Phillip Noyce
Railroaded!	director	Anthony Mann
Tail Lights Fade	director	Malcolm Ingram
P.S.I.entology	director	Pitchshifter
Some Assembly Required (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Bruce Seth Green
Reptile Boy	director	David Greenwalt
The Dark Age	director	Bruce Seth Green
The Wrong Box	director	Bryan Forbes
List of Bionicle media	director	Terry Shakespeare
List of Bionicle media	director	David Molina (director)
List of Bionicle media	director	Mark Baldo
Chesty Anderson, USN	director	Ed Forsyth
Passionada	director	Dan Ireland
Passion (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Michael Gershman (director)
Mr. Monk and the Sleeping Suspect	director	Jerry Levine
Once Upon a Time (The Twilight Zone)	director	Norman Z. McLeod
I Sing the Body Electric (The Twilight Zone)	director	James Sheldon
I Sing the Body Electric (The Twilight Zone)	director	William Claxton
13 Moons	director	Alexandre Rockwell
Inland Empire (film)	director	David Lynch
Ginger Snaps Back	director	Grant Harvey
The Beast of Yucca Flats	director	Coleman Francis
Drawing Restraint 9	director	Matthew Barney
Inseminoid	director	Norman J. Warren
X-Men: The Last Stand	director	Brett Ratner
Phaedra (film)	director	Jules Dassin
Connections (TV series)	director	Mick Jackson (director)
Go Fish (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Semel
Becoming (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Joss Whedon
Kounterfeit	director	John Mallory Asher
The Man Called Flintstone	director	Joseph Barbera
The Man Called Flintstone	director	William Hanna
Seems Like Old Times (film)	director	Jay Sandrich
Belly (film)	director	Hype Williams
Rocket Brothers (Kashmir DVD)	director	Kasper Torsting
Match Point	director	Woody Allen
Ju-on: The Grudge	director	Takashi Shimizu
Survivorman	director	Les Stroud
Investigations (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Les Landau
Ferris Bueller (TV series)	director	Bill Bixby
The Bat (1959 film)	director	Crane Wilbur
The Man with My Face (film)	director	Edward Montagne
Dracula Has Risen from the Grave	director	Freddie Francis
Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed	director	Terence Fisher
The Ignorant Fairies	director	Ferzan Özpetek
Death Wish (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	James L. Conway
Revulsion (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Kenneth Biller
Message in a Bottle (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Nancy Malone
Living Witness	director	Tim Russ
Latent Image (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Mike Vejar
The Voyager Conspiracy (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Terry Windell
Virtuoso (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Les Landau
Life Line (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Terry Windell
Light of Day	director	Paul Schrader
Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man	director	Simon Wincer
Stealing Harvard	director	Bruce McCulloch
Harry and the Hendersons	director	William Dear
Hum Aapke Hain Kaun...!	director	Sooraj R. Barjatya
Mujhse Shaadi Karogi	director	David Dhawan
Judwaa	director	David Dhawan
The Hatchet Man	director	William A. Wellman
The Outcast (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Scheerer
Hard Rain (film)	director	Mikael Salomon
Cry of the Banshee	director	Gordon Hessler
Cartmanland	director	Trey Parker
American Pop	director	Ralph Bakshi
Hardware Wars	director	Ernie Fosselius
Himitsu Sentai Goranger	director	Kōichi Takemoto
Himitsu Sentai Goranger	director	Minoru Yamada
Himitsu Sentai Goranger	director	Katsuhito Taguchi
Himitsu Sentai Goranger	director	Hidetoshi Kitamura
Himitsu Sentai Goranger	director	Michio Konishi
Spy Hard	director	Rick Friedberg
Went the Day Well?	director	Alberto Cavalcanti
100 Centre Street	director	Sidney Lumet
Time Changer	director	Rich Christiano
Farewells	director	Wojciech Jerzy Has
How to Be Loved	director	Wojciech Jerzy Has
Now and Then (film)	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
Le Samouraï	director	Jean-Pierre Melville
Cuna de lobos	director	Carlos Téllez
Cuna de lobos	director	Antonio Acevedo
Bustin' Loose (film)	director	Oz Scott
Bustin' Loose (film)	director	Michael Schultz
Fatal Instinct	director	Carl Reiner
Haunted Honeymoon	director	Gene Wilder
Love at First Bite	director	Stan Dragoti
Vänner och fiender	director	Bengt Bauler
Vänner och fiender	director	Mats Borg
The Revenge (film)	director	Andrzej Wajda
The Contest	director	Tom Cherones
Othello (1952 film)	director	Orson Welles
Princess Raccoon	director	Seijun Suzuki
Sepet	director	Yasmin Ahmad
The Hallelujah Trail	director	John Sturges
The Hour-Glass Sanatorium	director	Wojciech Jerzy Has
Bunty Aur Babli	director	Shaad Ali
Stuck on You (film)	director	Farrelly brothers
Titanic (1943 film)	director	Werner Klingler
Titanic (1943 film)	director	Herbert Selpin
Heartburn (film)	director	Mike Nichols
Santa Who?	director	William Dear
Out of Time (2003 film)	director	Carl Franklin
Heart of Dixie	director	Martin Davidson
Scooby-Doo and the Witch's Ghost	director	Jim Stenstrum
Last Night (1998 film)	director	Don McKellar
The Trip (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
Fun with Veal	director	Trey Parker
Dracula's Daughter	director	Lambert Hillyer
Valmont (film)	director	Miloš Forman
Three Seasons	director	Tony Bui
Brute Force (1947 film)	director	Jules Dassin
Ordet	director	Carl Theodor Dreyer
A Yank in the RAF	director	Henry King (director)
Socrates in Love	director	Isao Yukisada
The Animal	director	Luke Greenfield
Running Scared (1986 film)	director	Peter Hyams
See No Evil, Hear No Evil	director	Arthur Hiller
Fagel Attraction	director	James Burrows
Lila Says	director	Ziad Doueiri
Operation Snatch	director	Robert Day (director)
Earth vs. the Flying Saucers	director	Fred F. Sears
My Baby's Daddy	director	Cheryl Dunye
The Legend of Billie Jean	director	Matthew Robbins (screenwriter)
Up the Creek (1984 film)	director	Robert Butler (director)
Clara's Heart	director	Robert Mulligan
A Touch of Fever	director	Ryōsuke Hashiguchi
Cyber Seduction: His Secret Life	director	Tom McLoughlin
Professor Chaos	director	Trey Parker
Adventures of Captain Marvel	director	William Witney
Adventures of Captain Marvel	director	John English (director)
Experiment Perilous	director	Jacques Tourneur
Arrival (The Prisoner)	director	Don Chaffey
Cornered (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
One Man Band (film)	director	Andrew Jimenez
One Man Band (film)	director	Mark Andrews (filmmaker)
Raw Deal (1948 film)	director	Anthony Mann
The Red House (film)	director	Delmer Daves
The Alps	director	Stephen Judson
Cherry Falls	director	Geoffrey Wright
Serpent of the Nile	director	William Castle
Toofan (film)	director	Ketan Desai
Schisms (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Wiemer
The Devil's Rejects	director	Rob Zombie
The Mouse and His Child (film)	director	Charles Swenson
The Mouse and His Child (film)	director	Fred Wolf
December Boys	director	Rod Hardy
Gone (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Fury
À travers la forêt	director	Jean-Paul Civeyrac
Dil Ka Rishta	director	Naresh
Paradise (1982 film)	director	Stuart Gillard
Born Yesterday (1950 film)	director	George Cukor
Johnny Stool Pigeon	director	William Castle
Coffy	director	Jack Hill
Killadelphia (DVD)	director	Doug Spangenberg
Sub Rosa (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Jonathan Frakes
The Book of Pooh	director	Mitchell Kriegman
The Book of Pooh	director	Dean Gordon (director)
Diamond Men	director	Cohen v. Cowles Media Co.
White Skin	director	Daniel Roby
The Sandlot	director	David M. Evans
Zero Day (film)	director	Ben Coccio
Action Jackson	director	Craig R. Baxley
Girlfight	director	Karyn Kusama
Ferry to Hong Kong	director	Lewis Gilbert
Snoopy, Come Home	director	Bill Melendez
Bon Voyage, Charlie Brown (and Don't Come Back!!)	director	Bill Melendez
Bon Voyage, Charlie Brown (and Don't Come Back!!)	director	Phil Roman
Little Bill (TV series)	director	Robert Scull
Little Bill (TV series)	director	Jennifer Oxley
Rome (TV series)	director	Michael Apted
The Celluloid Closet	director	Rob Epstein
The Celluloid Closet	director	Jeffrey Friedman (filmmaker)
The Cleveland–Loretta Quagmire	director	James Purdum
North by North Quahog	director	Peter Shin
Christine (1983 film)	director	John Carpenter
Cannonball (film)	director	Paul Bartel
Handle with Care (1977 film)	director	Jonathan Demme
Robin and Marian	director	Richard Lester
Human Instrumentality Project (film)	director	Alex Gingell
Human Instrumentality Project (film)	director	Fightstar
Human Instrumentality Project (film)	director	Alex Westaway
Human Instrumentality Project (film)	director	Philip Koch
The Gumball Rally	director	Charles Bail
Mezame No Hakobune	director	Mamoru Oshii
Mezame No Hakobune	director	Hiroyuki Hayashi
The Sound Barrier	director	David Lean
In Her Shoes (film)	director	Curtis Hanson
My Little Chickadee	director	Edward F. Cline
Spasms	director	William Fruet
The War of the Gargantuas	director	Ishirō Honda
The Andromeda Breakthrough	director	John Elliot (author)
Dominion: Prequel to the Exorcist	director	Paul Schrader
Let's Do It Again (1953 film)	director	Alexander Hall
Cruising (film)	director	William Friedkin
Aventure malgache	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Art Gallery of New South Wales	director	Edmund Capon
Idlewild (film)	director	Bryan Barber
Wednesday 9:30 (8:30 Central)	director	Robert Berlinger
Wednesday 9:30 (8:30 Central)	director	Peter Tolan
Wednesday 9:30 (8:30 Central)	director	Ted Wass (actor)
Carry On Abroad	director	Gerald Thomas
24Seven (TV series)	director	Emma Lindley
Crash (1996 film)	director	David Cronenberg
Deadline at Dawn	director	Harold Clurman
Mommie Dearest (film)	director	Frank Perry
Never Been Kissed	director	Raja Gosnell
Where Silence Has Lease	director	Winrich Kolbe
Drop Zone (film)	director	John Badham
Pilot (M*A*S*H)	director	Gene Reynolds
The Legend of Hell House	director	John Hough (director)
Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island	director	Jim Stenstrum
Trixie (film)	director	Alan Rudolph
Rainforest Shmainforest	director	Trey Parker
Mystic India	director	H. Keith Melton
Original Gangstas	director	Larry Cohen
Danny Deckchair	director	Jeff Balsmeyer
Sexual Harassment Panda	director	Eric Stough
Still Smokin (film)	director	Tommy Chong
Hotel (1967 film)	director	Richard Quine
The Black Cat (1934 film)	director	Edgar G. Ulmer
Donkey Kong Country (TV series)	director	Mike Fallows
Still Game	director	Michael Hines
Qpid	director	Cliff Bole
Bloodlines (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Les Landau
One More Saturday Night (film)	director	Dennis Klein
The Miracle of Our Lady of Fatima	director	John Brahm
Edison (film)	director	David J. Burke
Silverado (film)	director	Lawrence Kasdan
Dream House (game show)	director	Dick Schneider
Teachers (film)	director	Arthur Hiller
Lady Beware	director	Karen Arthur
The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka	director	Trey Parker
The Arrow	director	Don McBrearty
T2 3-D: Battle Across Time	director	James Cameron
T2 3-D: Battle Across Time	director	J. Jon Bruno
T2 3-D: Battle Across Time	director	Stan Winston
The Way to the Stars	director	Anthony Asquith
The Evil of Frankenstein	director	Freddie Francis
Bangaaradha Manushya	director	Siddalingaiah
Mystery of the Wax Museum	director	Michael Curtiz
The Kiss of the Vampire	director	Don Sharp
Dracula: Prince of Darkness	director	Terence Fisher
The Butcher's Wife	director	Terry Hughes (director)
Rascals (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Adam Nimoy
Herbie Rides Again	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Rasputin, the Mad Monk	director	Don Sharp
The Gorgon	director	Terence Fisher
Johnny Dangerously	director	Amy Heckerling
The Dream Team (film)	director	Howard Zieff
Desperate Measures (film)	director	Barbet Schroeder
The Curse of the Werewolf	director	Terence Fisher
The Brides of Dracula	director	Terence Fisher
Road House (1948 film)	director	Jean Negulesco
Deconstructing Harry	director	Woody Allen
Samson & Goliath	director	Joseph Barbera
Samson & Goliath	director	William Hanna
Cannonball Run 2001	director	Rick Telles
Snow Dogs	director	Brian Levant
Tumbledown	director	Richard Eyre
Glory Daze	director	Rich Wilkes
Arizona Dream	director	Emir Kusturica
Bhavni Bhavai	director	Ketan Mehta
Mirch Masala	director	Ketan Mehta
Maya Memsaab	director	Ketan Mehta
The Skeleton Key	director	Iain Softley
Here Comes the Neighborhood	director	Eric Stough
The Adventures of Mark Twain (1944 film)	director	Irving Rapper
The Treatment (2001 film)	director	Xiaolong Zheng
Psycho II (film)	director	Richard Franklin (director)
Psycho III	director	Anthony Perkins
Thalavattam	director	Priyadarshan
Waqt: The Race Against Time	director	Vipul Amrutlal Shah
Beyond the Forest	director	King Vidor
The Big Clock (film)	director	John Farrow
Songcatcher	director	Maggie Greenwald
I Dream Too Much	director	John Cromwell (director)
I Love You to Death	director	Lawrence Kasdan
The Hill (film)	director	Sidney Lumet
The Password Is Courage	director	Andrew L. Stone
Night of the Demon	director	Jacques Tourneur
The Wacky Molestation Adventure	director	Trey Parker
I Married a Witch	director	René Clair
Scars of Dracula	director	Roy Ward Baker
Two Hands (1999 film)	director	Gregor Jordan
Medicine Man (film)	director	John McTiernan
MacArthur's Children	director	Masahiro Shinoda
Jump the Shark (The X-Files)	director	Cliff Bole
Steel (film)	director	Kenneth Johnson (producer)
The Golden Child	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Mary Reilly (film)	director	Stephen Frears
Asspen	director	Trey Parker
Foxes (film)	director	Adrian Lyne
Nice Dreams	director	Tommy Chong
Red Scorpion	director	Joseph Zito
Factory Girl	director	George Hickenlooper
Nora (film)	director	Pat Murphy (director)
Fire Maidens from Outer Space	director	Cy Roth
Something You Can Do with Your Finger	director	Trey Parker
Yo Yogi!	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Yo Yogi!	director	Carl Urbano
Requiem for a Heavyweight	director	Ralph Nelson
The Robbery	director	Tom Cherones
Darr	director	Yash Chopra
Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode	director	Debashis Chatterjee
One Shot (film)	director	Ranjan Ramanayake
The Arsenal Stadium Mystery	director	Thorold Dickinson
Wings of Courage	director	Jean-Jacques Annaud
Chief Surgeon Who?	director	E.W. Swackhamer
Son of the Sheik	director	George Fitzmaurice
The Sheik (film)	director	George Melford
Porky's II: The Next Day	director	Bob Clark
Porky's Revenge!	director	James Komack
FernGully: The Last Rainforest	director	Bill Kroyer
The Gorilla (1939 film)	director	Allan Dwan
Moonlight Express	director	Daniel Lee (film director)
The Moose (M*A*S*H)	director	Hy Averback
American Desi	director	Piyush Dinker Pandya
Navy SEALs (film)	director	Lewis Teague
Tapestry (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Les Landau
I Walked with a Zombie	director	Jacques Tourneur
Hitman (1997 film)	director	R. Dani
The Captive Heart	director	Basil Dearden
My Name is Nobody	director	Tonino Valerii
There's Always Vanilla	director	George A. Romero
Rock Around the Clock (film)	director	Fred F. Sears
The St. Valentine's Day Massacre (film)	director	Roger Corman
The Sasquatch Gang	director	Tim Skousen
Message in a Bottle (film)	director	Luis Mandoki
The House on 92nd Street	director	Henry Hathaway
A Foreign Field	director	Charles Sturridge
The Quest (film)	director	Jean-Claude Van Damme
Weekend (1967 film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
The Country Bears	director	Peter Hastings (director)
Lajja (film)	director	Rajkumar Santoshi
The Prizefighter and the Lady	director	W. S. Van Dyke
The Prizefighter and the Lady	director	Howard Hawks
Kandahar (2001 film)	director	Mohsen Makhmalbaf
The Canterbury Tales (film)	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
We Got It Made	director	Jim Drake (director)
We Got It Made	director	Alan Rafkin
Cherry, Harry & Raquel!	director	Russ Meyer
Nickelodeon (film)	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Godzilla, King of the Monsters!	director	Terry Morse
Godzilla, King of the Monsters!	director	Ishirō Honda
An Innocent Man (film)	director	Peter Yates
The House of Yes	director	Mark Waters (director)
Japanese Devils	director	Minoru Matsui
King Kong Escapes	director	Ishirō Honda
The Black Sleep	director	Reginald Le Borg
A Walk in the Clouds	director	Alfonso Arau
Homi Bhabha National Institute	director	Ravi Grover
Jagged Little Pill, Live	director	Alanis Morissette
Bitter Jester	director	Maija DiGiorgio
Moby Dick (1956 film)	director	John Huston
The Life and Death of Peter Sellers	director	Stephen Hopkins (director)
Mike, Lu & Og	director	Alexander Tatarsky
Četverored	director	Jakov Sedlar
If It's Tuesday, This Must Be Belgium	director	Mel Stuart
The Return of the Fellowship of the Ring to the Two Towers	director	Trey Parker
Dus	director	Anubhav Sinha
Heaven and Earth (1990 film)	director	Haruki Kadokawa
Blood and Sand (1922 film)	director	Fred Niblo
The Eagle (1925 film)	director	Clarence Brown
Les Misérables (1934 film)	director	Raymond Bernard
Wow (film)	director	Claude Jutra
Yankee Doodle Doctor	director	Lee Philips (actor)
Bananas, Crackers and Nuts	director	Bruce Bilson
The Chinese Feast	director	Tsui Hark
Suspect (film)	director	Peter Yates
Striking Distance	director	Rowdy Herrington
Porterhouse Blue	director	Robert Knights
Sindhooram	director	Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi
World Wide Recorder Concert	director	Eric Stough
Danger Lights	director	George B. Seitz
Highway 301 (film)	director	Andrew L. Stone
Slim (film)	director	Ray Enright
FeardotCom	director	William Malone (director)
Roadhouse 66	director	John Mark Robinson
Museum of the History of Science, Oxford	director	Jim Bennett (historian)
Flashback (1990 film)	director	Franco Amurri
The Optimists (1973 film)	director	Anthony Simmons (writer)
The Odd Job	director	Peter Medak
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse (film)	director	Rex Ingram (director)
Dev (film)	director	Govind Nihalani
Colors (film)	director	Dennis Hopper
The Harrad Experiment	director	Ted Post
The Harrad Experiment  Harrad Summer   1	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
Amityville II: The Possession	director	Damiano Damiani
The Junkman	director	H. B. Halicki
Azadi (film)	director	Anthony Maras
Mysterious Skin	director	Gregg Araki
The Man Who Saw Tomorrow	director	Robert Guenette
The Birth of Japan	director	Hiroshi Inagaki
The Juror	director	Brian Gibson (director)
Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid	director	Sam Peckinpah
U.S. Marshals (film)	director	Stuart Baird
Side Street (1950 film)	director	Anthony Mann
The Man from Laramie	director	Anthony Mann
Battle of Neretva (film)	director	Veljko Bulajić
A Stolen Life (1946 film)	director	Curtis Bernhardt
A Stolen Life (1946 film)	director	Jack Gage (director)
Dawn of Mana	director	Koichi Ishii
Twisted Metal 4	director	Jonathan Beard
A Prairie Home Companion (film)	director	Robert Altman
My Future Self n' Me	director	Trey Parker
My Future Self n' Me	director	Eric Stough
North Country (film)	director	Niki Caro
Small Sacrifices	director	David Greene (director)
Ghosts of the Abyss	director	James Cameron
Swept Away (1974 film)	director	Lina Wertmüller
On the Ropes	director	Nanette Burstein
On the Ropes	director	Brett Morgen
With Six You Get Eggroll	director	Howard Morris
Bobby (1973 film)	director	Raj Kapoor
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze	director	Michael Pressman
Awaara	director	Raj Kapoor
Shree 420	director	Raj Kapoor
Shout at the Devil (film)	director	Peter R. Hunt
Donald in Mathmagic Land	director	Hamilton Luske
Donald in Mathmagic Land	director	Wolfgang Reitherman
Donald in Mathmagic Land	director	Les Clark
Donald in Mathmagic Land	director	Joshua Meador
Quintuplets 2000	director	Trey Parker
Twilight's Last Gleaming	director	Robert Aldrich
White Man's Burden (film)	director	Desmond Nakano
Times Square (film)	director	Allan Moyle
The Eiger Sanction (film)	director	Clint Eastwood
Pornstar Pets	director	Margie Schnibbe
One Song a Day Takes Mischief Away	director	Krešo Golik
Ned (film)	director	Abe Forsythe
Slaughter High	director	George Dugdale
Slaughter High	director	Mark Ezra
Slaughter High	director	Peter Litten
The Emperor's Nightingale	director	Jiří Trnka
The Emperor's Nightingale	director	Miloš Makovec
Flying Virus	director	Jeff Hare
Out of the Wilderness	director	Steve Kroschel
A Crack in the Floor	director	Sean Stanek
A Crack in the Floor	director	Corbin Timbrook
Urban Safari	director	Reto Salimbeni
Ice Cream Man (film)	director	Paul Norman (director)
Body Bags (film)	director	John Carpenter
Body Bags (film)	director	Tobe Hooper
Wild Cactus	director	Jag Mundhra
Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood	director	Paris Barclay
Khuda Kay Liye	director	Shoaib Mansoor
The Libertine (2004 film)	director	Laurence Dunmore
Murder (film)	director	Anurag Basu
Jules and Jim	director	François Truffaut
The Brady Bunch Movie	director	Betty Thomas
The Independent (film)	director	Stephen Kessler
Eve's Bayou	director	Kasi Lemmons
Airport 1975	director	Jack Smight
Yearbook (TV series)	director	Hank O'Karma
Girls Just Want to Have Fun (film)	director	Alan Metter
Punk's Not Dead (film)	director	Susan Dynner
Anne (Buffy the Vampire Slayer episode)	director	Joss Whedon
Tombstone, the Town Too Tough to Die	director	William C. McGann
Mystery of Mamo	director	Sōji Yoshikawa
Broken Arrows	director	Reid Gershbein
The Small One	director	Don Bluth
Merry Christmas, Charlie Manson!	director	Eric Stough
Ju Dou	director	Zhang Yimou
Ju Dou	director	Yang Fengliang
Sarkar (film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Mom and Dad Save the World	director	Greg Beeman
C'était un rendez-vous	director	Claude Lelouch
Merry Andrew (film)	director	Michael Kidd
Beah: A Black Woman Speaks	director	Lisa Gay Hamilton
Highway 61 (film)	director	Bruce McDonald (film director)
The Pursuit of Happyness	director	Gabriele Muccino
Brats	director	James Parrott
Sarfarosh	director	John Matthew Matthan
Never Never Land (film)	director	Paul Annett
I'll Be Home for Christmas (1998 film)	director	Arlene Sanford
The Backyardigans	director	David Palmer
Big Business (1929 film)	director	James W. Horne
Big Business (1929 film)	director	Leo McCarey
The Flintstones Meet Rockula and Frankenstone	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
The Adventures of Ford Fairlane	director	Renny Harlin
Zoot Suit (film)	director	Luis Valdez
Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier	director	Norman Foster (director)
Lonely Are the Brave	director	David Miller (director)
Bend of the River	director	Anthony Mann
The Far Country	director	Anthony Mann
Last Laugh (M*A*S*H)	director	Don Weis
Powerhouse (TV series)	director	John Gray (director)
Duet (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	James L. Conway
Nine Queens	director	Fabián Bielinsky
The Big Show (TV series)	director	Steve Binder
The Big Show (TV series)	director	Tony Charmoli
Last Man Standing (Australian TV series)	director	Daniel Nettheim
Last Man Standing (Australian TV series)	director	Adrian Holmes
Last Man Standing (Australian TV series)	director	Emma Freeman
Last Man Standing (Australian TV series)	director	Elise McCredie
Last Man Standing (Australian TV series)	director	Steve Jodrell
Last Man Standing (Australian TV series)	director	Jeffrey Walker
Last Man Standing (Australian TV series)	director	Pino Amenta
Last Man Standing (Australian TV series)	director	Grant Brown
Last Man Standing (Australian TV series)	director	Ian Gilmore
Last Man Standing (Australian TV series)	director	Declan Eames
Love Potion No. 9 (film)	director	Dale Launer
Loggerheads (film)	director	Tim Kirkman
The Stone Tape	director	Peter Sasdy
Breakin'	director	Joel Silberg
The Delta Force (film)	director	Menahem Golan
Executive Action (film)	director	David Miller (director)
Mad Hot Ballroom	director	Marilyn Argrelo
Flashback (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Soldier's Girl	director	Frank Pierson
The Stoned Age	director	James Melkonian
Raja Harishchandra	director	Dadasaheb Phalke
Bheema	director	N. Linguswamy
Human Resources (film)	director	Laurent Cantet
Time Out (2001 film)	director	Laurent Cantet
Trouble Every Day (film)	director	Claire Denis
Jack Frost (1998 film)	director	Troy Miller
The Passenger (1975 film)	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Kireedam (1989 film)	director	Sibi Malayil
Past Prologue	director	Winrich Kolbe
Victim of the Brain	director	Piet Hoenderdos
Two Mules for Sister Sara	director	Don Siegel
Forever Red	director	Koichi Sakamoto
The Cheap Detective	director	Robert Moore (director)
Sparkle (1976 film)	director	Sam O'Steen
Brocket 99	director	Nilesh Patel (filmmaker)
The Siege	director	Edward Zwick
Improper Conduct	director	Néstor Almendros
Improper Conduct	director	Orlando Jiménez Leal
Hardware (film)	director	Richard Stanley (film director)
A Tiger Walks	director	Norman Tokar
A Study in Terror	director	James Hill (British director)
Little Women (1949 film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Little Women (1933 film)	director	George Cukor
A Man Alone (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants	director	Trey Parker
Second Skin (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Les Landau
The Secret War of Harry Frigg	director	Jack Smight
Hard Times (1975 film)	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Bunker Bean	director	William Hamilton
Bunker Bean	director	Edward Kelly (director)
Tin Men	director	Barry Levinson
Head On (1998 film)	director	Ana Kokkinos
Vortex (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Rubí	director	Eric Morales
Rubí	director	Benjamín Cann
Hong Haier	director	Chang Cheh
Chithram	director	Priyadarshan
The Wrong Arm of the Law	director	Cliff Owen
Sister My Sister	director	Nancy Meckler
True Crime (1996 film)	director	Pat Verducci
Class of '96	director	Peter Horton
Class of '96	director	Tom Moore (director)
Class of '96	director	Bethany Rooney
Rembetiko (film)	director	Costas Ferris
The Glass Slipper	director	Charles Walters
The Boy Who Could Fly	director	Nick Castle
When You Remember Me	director	Harry Winer
A Sidewalk Astronomer	director	Jeffrey Jacobs
Hippocratic Oath (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	René Auberjonois (actor)
The Trials of Oscar Wilde	director	Ken Hughes
Let Him Have It	director	Peter Medak
Head Above Water	director	Jim Wilson (producer)
Babel (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Captive Pursuit	director	Corey Allen
Shopgirl	director	Anand Tucker
Return to the 36th Chamber	director	Lau Kar-leung
Don't Be Afraid of the Dark (1973 film)	director	John Newland
The Satan Bug	director	John Sturges
Hustle & Flow	director	Craig Brewer
War of Nerves (M*A*S*H)	director	Alan Alda
Into the Blue (2005 film)	director	John Stockwell (actor)
OK Connery	director	Alberto De Martino
Juvenile (film)	director	Takashi Yamazaki (film director)
Mad Dogs and Servicemen	director	Hy Averback
Oscar (1967 film)	director	Édouard Molinaro
Man with the Screaming Brain	director	Bruce Campbell
The Buccaneer (1958 film)	director	Anthony Quinn
Gone in 60 Seconds (1974 film)	director	H. B. Halicki
Played	director	Sean Stanek
Roseland (film)	director	James Ivory (director)
It's All Gone Pete Tong	director	Michael Dowse
16 Blocks	director	Richard Donner
Live at the Aladdin Las Vegas	director	Sanaa Hamri
Les Visiteurs	director	Jean-Marie Poiré
Spy Groove	director	Elliot M. Bour
Spy Groove	director	Saul Andrew Blinkoff
Hemp for Victory	director	Raymond Evans
Kilukkam	director	Priyadarshan
Nostalghia	director	Andrei Tarkovsky
Eye for an Eye (1996 film)	director	John Schlesinger
Little Voice (film)	director	Mark Herman
Taras Bulba (1962 film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
Zabriskie Point (film)	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Clash by Night	director	Fritz Lang
The New Adventures of Tarzan	director	Edward A. Kull
The New Adventures of Tarzan	director	Wilbur F. McGaugh
Kevin of the North	director	Bob Spiers
Guarding Tess	director	Hugh Wilson (director)
Me You Them	director	Andrucha Waddington
Yana's Friends	director	Arik Kaplun
Year of the Devil	director	Petr Zelenka
Streetheart	director	Charles Binamé
The Winchester Tapes	director	Burt Metcalfe
Alam Ara	director	Ardeshir Irani
Sniper 2	director	Craig R. Baxley
The China Lake Murders	director	Alan Metzger
He Said, She Said	director	Ken Kwapis
He Said, She Said	director	Marisa Silver
Henry & June	director	Philip Kaufman
Selfless (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Solomon (producer)
Bio-Dome	director	Jason Bloom (director)
National Security (film)	director	Dennis Dugan
Nosferatu the Vampyre	director	Werner Herzog
Angel Face (1952 film)	director	Otto Preminger
So Long at the Fair	director	Terence Fisher
Daughters Courageous	director	Michael Curtiz
Fortress (1993 film)	director	Stuart Gordon
Rubber Johnny	director	Chris Cunningham
Macao (film)	director	Josef von Sternberg
Macao (film)	director	Nicholas Ray
Light Years (film)	director	René Laloux
For Keeps (film)	director	John G. Avildsen
Dust Devil (1993 film)	director	Richard Stanley (film director)
The Sorcerers	director	Michael Reeves
Passenger 57	director	Kevin Hooks
Fright Night II	director	Tommy Lee Wallace
The Soul of a Man	director	Wim Wenders
Mr. Monk Takes Manhattan	director	Randall Zisk
The Name's the Same	director	Herbert Hirschman
Arabian Nights (1974 film)	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
The Man Who Killed Don Quixote	director	Terry Gilliam
Son of Frankenstein	director	Rowland V. Lee
Frankenstein Created Woman	director	Terence Fisher
GoBots: Battle of the Rock Lords	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
The Astronaut's Wife	director	Rand Ravich
The Young One	director	Luis Buñuel
Phase IV	director	Saul Bass
Ådalen 31	director	Bo Widerberg
Being Eve	director	Peter Salmon (Filmmaker)
WiseGirls	director	David Anspaugh
The Thaw (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Marvin V. Rush
Betty Blue	director	Jean-Jacques Beineix
The Nagus	director	David Livingston
Overboard (film)	director	Garry Marshall
Dillinger (1945 film)	director	Max Nosseck
Something Wicked This Way Comes (film)	director	Jack Clayton
Whistle Stop (film)	director	Léonide Moguy
Peace on Earth (film)	director	Harman and Ising
Jagte Raho	director	Sombhu Mitra
Bhumika	director	Shyam Benegal
Blast from the Past (film)	director	Hugh Wilson (director)
Great Hotels	director	Sylvia Caminer
Heroes Shed No Tears (1986 film)	director	John Woo
Asian Charlie's Angels	director	Michael Mak
At Close Range	director	James Foley
Frat House	director	Todd Phillips
Frat House	director	Andrew Gurland
The Life and Times of David Lloyd George	director	John Hefin
The Cry of the Owl (1987 film)	director	Claude Chabrol
Kandukondain Kandukondain	director	Rajiv Menon
The Fugitive (Twilight Zone)	director	Richard L. Bare
Out of the Blue (1979 TV series)	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
Out of the Blue (1979 TV series)	director	John Tracy (director)
Porgy and Bess (film)	director	Otto Preminger
Ike's Wee Wee	director	Trey Parker
Blue Fin	director	Carl Schultz
Malice (film)	director	Harold Becker
The Chimes of Big Ben	director	Don Chaffey
Flesh and Bone (film)	director	Steve Kloves
Jefferson in Paris	director	James Ivory (director)
The Pallbearer	director	Matt Reeves
Ready to Rumble	director	Brian Robbins
The Intern	director	Michael Lange
Bounce (film)	director	Don Roos
The Anniversary Party	director	Jennifer Jason Leigh
The Anniversary Party	director	Alan Cumming
Princess Caraboo (film)	director	Michael Austin (writer)
First of the Summer Wine	director	Gareth Gwenlan
First of the Summer Wine	director	Mike Stephens
She's the One	director	Edward Burns
The Yakuza	director	Sydney Pollack
Brothers and Sisters of the Toda Family	director	Yasujirō Ozu
800 Bullets (film)	director	Álex de la Iglesia
Fall Out (The Prisoner)	director	Patrick McGoohan
The Toll of the Sea	director	Chester M. Franklin
The Playhouse (film)	director	Buster Keaton
The Playhouse (film)	director	Edward F. Cline
Heavens Above!	director	Boulting brothers
Heavens Above!	director	Boulting brothers
Graffiti Bridge (film)	director	Prince (musician)
Can't Stop the Music	director	Nancy Walker
The Fallen Idol (film)	director	Carol Reed
The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries	director	James T. Walker
The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries	director	Karl Toerge
The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries	director	Lenord Robinson
The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries	director	Al Zegler
The Sylvester & Tweety Mysteries	director	Charles Visser
Unconditional Love (film)	director	P. J. Hogan
The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest	director	Mike Milo
Storyteller (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Marita Grabiak
Rush Hour 3	director	Brett Ratner
Cleopatra Jones	director	Jack Starrett
Spontaneous Combustion (South Park)	director	Matt Stone
Earth (1998 film)	director	Deepa Mehta
3 Ninjas (film)	director	Jon Turteltaub
Being Bobby Brown	director	April Lundy
Being Bobby Brown	director	Kwame Nyanning
The Turning Point (1977 film)	director	Herbert Ross
Night Train to Munich	director	Carol Reed
Bring on the Night (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Grossman (director)
Angoor (1982 film)	director	Gulzar
Extras	director	Ricky Gervais
Extras	director	Stephen Merchant
Candleshoe	director	Norman Tokar
The King of the Kickboxers	director	Lucas Lowe
Macunaíma (film)	director	Joaquim Pedro de Andrade
The Big Bang (1987 film)	director	Picha
Showtime (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Michael Grossman
Saints and Soldiers	director	Ryan Little
Thunder Bay (film)	director	Anthony Mann
No Highway in the Sky	director	Henry Koster
The Jackpot	director	Walter Lang
Hergé's Adventures of Tintin	director	Ray Goossens
Carbine Williams	director	Richard Thorpe
Mr. Hobbs Takes a Vacation	director	Henry Koster
Romance & Cigarettes	director	John Turturro
Monterey Pop	director	D. A. Pennebaker
The Lemon Drop Kid	director	Sidney Lanfield
The Lemon Drop Kid	director	Frank Tashlin
Good Girls Don't (TV series)	director	Timothy Busfield
Nightwatching	director	Peter Greenaway
Snoops (1999 TV series)	director	Allan Arkush
Snoops (1999 TV series)	director	Miguel Arteta
Snoops (1999 TV series)	director	Arvin Brown
Snoops (1999 TV series)	director	Dennie Gordon
Snoops (1999 TV series)	director	Michael Lange
Snoops (1999 TV series)	director	Joe Napolitano
Snoops (1999 TV series)	director	Bethany Rooney
Scarecrow (1973 film)	director	Jerry Schatzberg
Big Jake (film)	director	George Sherman
The Paper	director	Ron Howard
Kevin Spencer (TV series)	director	Dave Bigelow
Apocalypse Now Redux	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Carol Duvall Show	director	Don Colliver
Carol Duvall Show	director	Jim Stimpson
Quest of the Delta Knights	director	James Dodson (director)
Death Machine	director	Stephen Norrington
The Homecoming (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Winrich Kolbe
The Circle (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Corey Allen
The Siege (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Sexo, pudor y lágrimas	director	Antonio Serrano
Son of Paleface	director	Frank Tashlin
Modern Girls	director	Jerry Kramer (director)
Freaky Friday (2003 film)	director	Mark Waters (director)
Doctor Detroit	director	Michael Pressman
The Parent Trap (1998 film)	director	Nancy Meyers
Ek Ajnabee	director	Apoorva Lakhia
Transformers (film)	director	Michael Bay
Invasive Procedures (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Les Landau
August Rush	director	Kirsten Sheridan
Our Dancing Daughters	director	Harry Beaumont
Ernest Goes to Jail	director	John R. Cherry III
Balance (film)	director	Christoph Lauenstein
Balance (film)	director	Wolfgang Lauenstein
Crack-Up (1946 film)	director	Irving Reis
Rhinestone (film)	director	Bob Clark
Me and You and Everyone We Know	director	Miranda July
Butt Out	director	Trey Parker
Ben and Me	director	Hamilton Luske
Robot Carnival	director	Atsuko Fukushima
Robot Carnival	director	Katsuhiro Otomo
Robot Carnival	director	Kōji Morimoto
Robot Carnival	director	Hidetoshi Omori
Robot Carnival	director	Yasuomi Umetsu
Robot Carnival	director	Hiroyuki Kitazume
Robot Carnival	director	Mao Lamdo
Robot Carnival	director	Hiroyuki Kitakubo
Robot Carnival	director	Takashi Nakamura
The Little Island	director	Richard Williams (animator)
240-Robert	director	Richard Benedict
240-Robert	director	Christian I. Nyby II
The Frogmen	director	Lloyd Bacon
Clan of the White Lotus	director	Lo Lieh
Divorcing Jack (film)	director	David Caffrey
Barsaat (1949 film)	director	Raj Kapoor
Barsaat (1995 film)	director	Rajkumar Santoshi
Lucía, Lucía	director	Antonio Serrano
Moment by Moment	director	Jane Wagner
Parwana (1971 film)	director	Jyoti Swaroop
Street Trash	director	J. Michael Muro
Bell, Book and Candle	director	Richard Quine
D.C. Cab	director	Joel Schumacher
The FBI Story	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Gone Nutty	director	Carlos Saldanha
Arlington Road	director	Mark Pellington
Home of the Brave (1986 film)	director	Laurie Anderson
Clean and Sober	director	Glenn Gordon Caron
Brainstorm (1965 film)	director	William Conrad
Rock & Rule	director	Clive A. Smith
MouseHunt (film)	director	Gore Verbinski
Ghost Rider (film)	director	Mark Steven Johnson
My Favorite Brunette	director	Elliott Nugent
The Devil and Daniel Mouse	director	Clive A. Smith
Undead (film)	director	Spierig brothers
Undead (film)	director	Spierig brothers
Havoc (film)	director	Barbara Kopple
Dark City (1950 film)	director	William Dieterle
Free Zone (film)	director	Amos Gitai
The Flying Saucer	director	Mikel Conrad
Twisted Nerve	director	Boulting brothers
Deadly Friend	director	Wes Craven
Nora Prentiss	director	Vincent Sherman
Ultraman (2004 film)	director	Kazuya Konaka
Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo	director	Sam Firstenberg
Damien: Omen II	director	Don Taylor (actor/director)
The Rainmaker (1956 film)	director	Joseph Anthony
Ocean's Eleven (2001 film)	director	Steven Soderbergh
Welcome to Woop Woop	director	Stephan Elliott
Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya?	director	David Dhawan
Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya?    1	director	Himesh Reshammiya
Lost City (Stargate SG-1)	director	Martin Wood
Gold (1974 film)	director	Peter R. Hunt
The Descent	director	Neil Marshall
Inside the Walls of Folsom Prison	director	Crane Wilbur
The Palm Beach Story	director	Preston Sturges
Mr. & Mrs. '55	director	Guru Dutt
Necessary Evil (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	James L. Conway
2000 Malibu Road	director	Joel Schumacher
Groom Lake (film)	director	William Shatner
Helen of Troy (film)	director	Robert Wise
Vegas Vacation	director	Stephen Kessler
The Driller Killer	director	Abel Ferrara
Ms. 45	director	Abel Ferrara
Malibu Shores	director	Chip Chalmers
Malibu Shores	director	Martha Mitchell (director)
Malibu Shores	director	Patrick Norris
Malibu Shores	director	David Semel
The Unfaithful	director	Vincent Sherman
The Pirate Movie	director	Ken Annakin
The Racket (1951 film)	director	John Cromwell (director)
Hellfighters (film)	director	Andrew McLaglen
The Jury (TV serial)	director	Pete Travis
The Wire (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Kim Friedman
Code Unknown	director	Michael Haneke
The Killer in Me	director	David Solomon (producer)
Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls	director	Trey Parker
Great Expectations (1946 film)	director	David Lean
Judas Kiss (1998 film)	director	Sebastian Gutierrez
North West Frontier (film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
Country Dance (film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
Houseboat (film)	director	Melville Shavelson
Boomerang (1947 film)	director	Elia Kazan
The Bat (1926 film)	director	Roland West
Tarzan the Ape Man (1932 film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Frankenhooker	director	Frank Henenlotter
Solarbabies	director	Alan Johnson (choreographer)
The Party Animal	director	David Beaird
Fallen Angel (1945 film)	director	Otto Preminger
Session 9	director	Brad Anderson (director)
Maniac Cop	director	William Lustig
Prom Queen: The Marc Hall Story	director	John L'Ecuyer
Maniac Cop 2	director	William Lustig
Maniac Cop III: Badge of Silence	director	William Lustig
Maniac Cop III: Badge of Silence	director	Joel Soisson
Maniac (1980 film)	director	William Lustig
River's Edge	director	Tim Hunter (director)
The Last Horror Film	director	David Winters (choreographer)
Who Do I Gotta Kill?	director	Frank Rainone
The Legend of Lizzie Borden	director	Paul Wendkos
One Magic Christmas	director	Phillip Borsos
Never Leave Me	director	David Solomon (producer)
The Cheyenne Social Club	director	Gene Kelly
The Spirit of St. Louis (film)	director	Billy Wilder
The Groove Tube	director	Ken Shapiro
Sour Grapes (film)	director	Larry David
Salaam Bombay!	director	Mira Nair
For Richer or Poorer	director	Bryan Spicer
Mera Naam Joker	director	Raj Kapoor
Return of the Living Dead Part II	director	Ken Wiederhorn
Battle Lines (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Get It Done	director	Doug Petrie
Hell's Bells (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Solomon (producer)
Without a Clue	director	Thom Eberhardt
The Roaring Twenties	director	Raoul Walsh
Shikoku (film)	director	Shunichi Nagasaki
Midnight Madness (film)	director	Michael Nankin
Drum (1976 film)	director	Steve Carver
Savage Guns	director	Demofilo Fidani
Ace High (1968 film)	director	Giuseppe Colizzi
Lily B. Goode	director	John Whitesell
In My Room (Grounded for Life episode)	director	Paul Lazarus
I Wanna Be Suspended	director	Ken Kwapis
Orca (film)	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Devil with a Plaid Skirt	director	Craig Zisk
Action Mountain High	director	John Whitesell
Stealing a Nation	director	John Pilger
How to Murder Your Wife	director	Richard Quine
It Should Happen to You	director	George Cukor
Jimmy's Got a Gun	director	Paul Lazarus
Jimmy Was Kung-Fu Fighting	director	Brad Copeland
Loser (Grounded for Life episode)	director	John Blanchard
The Long, Long Trailer	director	Vincente Minnelli
Dracula 3000	director	Darrell Roodt
Wish You Were Here (1987 film)	director	David Leland
The Missouri Breaks	director	Arthur Penn
Goin' South	director	Jack Nicholson
Once Upon a Time (The Prisoner)	director	Patrick McGoohan
Blood and Wine	director	Bob Rafelson
Shadowplay (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Robert Scheerer
Nadodikkattu	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Night on Earth	director	Jim Jarmusch
Gotcha! (1985 film)	director	Jeff Kanew
Viridiana	director	Luis Buñuel
The Alternate	director	David Carson (director)
Shrek 4-D	director	Simon J. Smith
Resident Evil: Extinction	director	Russell Mulcahy
First Date (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Grossman (director)
Potential (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	James A. Contner
Same Time, Same Place	director	James A. Contner
Grave (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	James A. Contner
Sleeper (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Alan J. Levi
Buffy vs. Dracula	director	David Solomon (producer)
Help (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Rick Rosenthal
Him (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Michael Gershman (director)
Conversations with Dead People	director	Nick Marck
Lies My Parents Told Me	director	David Fury
Two to Go	director	Bill L. Norton
Dirty Girls	director	Michael Gershman (director)
Out to Sea	director	Martha Coolidge
Angie (film)	director	Martha Coolidge
Deal of a Lifetime	director	Paul Levine
The Odd Couple II	director	Howard Deutch
One Eight Seven	director	Kevin Reynolds (director)
Empty Places	director	James A. Contner
Thank You for Smoking	director	Jason Reitman
Psych-Out	director	Richard Rush (director)
Skulhedface (video)	director	Oderus Urungus
The Crossing Guard	director	Sean Penn
Toofan	director	Pervaiz Rana
Friday the 13th Part 2	director	Steve Miner
Starship Troopers 2: Hero of the Federation	director	Phil Tippett
The Crazies (1973 film)	director	George A. Romero
The Storyteller (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	David Livingston
TerrorVision	director	Ted Nicolaou
Nightmares (1983 film)	director	Joseph Sargent
Let America Laugh	director	Lance Bangs
Humongous	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Mecha-Streisand	director	Trey Parker
BloodRayne (film)	director	Uwe Boll
The Peanut Butter Solution	director	Michael Rubbo
Alvin Purple	director	Tim Burstall
Bewafaa	director	Dharmesh Darshan
Gaslight (1940 film)	director	Thorold Dickinson
Gaslight (1944 film)	director	George Cukor
Cemetery Man	director	Michele Soavi
The Legend of the 7 Golden Vampires	director	Roy Ward Baker
The Legend of the 7 Golden Vampires	director	Chang Cheh
Angels & Insects	director	Philip Haas
Losin' It	director	Curtis Hanson
Simon Birch	director	Mark Steven Johnson
Progress (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Les Landau
The Prophecy	director	Gregory Widen
Stereo (film)	director	David Cronenberg
If Wishes Were Horses	director	Robert Legato
Pauly Shore Is Dead	director	Pauly Shore
Basket Case (film)	director	Frank Henenlotter
International House (1933 film)	director	A. Edward Sutherland
The New Guy	director	Ed Decter
Baby Face (film)	director	Alfred E. Green
So Dark the Night	director	Joseph H. Lewis
Touched (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Solomon (producer)
Alien Lockdown	director	Tim Cox
Love Camp 7	director	Lee Frost
Women in Cellblock 9	director	Jesús Franco
Crimes of the Future	director	David Cronenberg
Ultraman Nexus	director	Kazuya Konaka
Ultraman Nexus	director	Miki Nemoto
Ultraman Nexus	director	Tsugumi Kitaura
Ultraman Nexus	director	Yuichi Abe
Ultraman Nexus	director	Takeshi Yagi
Ultraman Nexus	director	Naoki Ohara
Sleeping Beauty (1959 film)	director	Les Clark
Sleeping Beauty (1959 film)	director	Eric Larson
Sleeping Beauty (1959 film)	director	Wolfgang Reitherman
Yamata no Orochi no Gyakushū	director	Takami Akai
The King of Marvin Gardens	director	Bob Rafelson
Ride in the Whirlwind	director	Monte Hellman
Virtual Boy Wario Land	director	Hiroji Kiyotake
Knockaround Guys	director	Brian Koppelman
Knockaround Guys	director	David Levien
O.C. and Stiggs	director	Robert Altman
Mr. Monk Goes to Jail	director	Jerry Levine
Gay Purr-ee	director	Abe Levitow
Twisted Desire	director	Craig R. Baxley
Talk Radio (film)	director	Oliver Stone
The Succubus	director	Trey Parker
Good Neighbor Sam	director	David Swift (director)
The Amazing Mr. X	director	Bernard Vorhaus
Kill!	director	Kihachi Okamoto
Devil's Pond	director	Joel Viertel
Tokyo Drifter	director	Seijun Suzuki
Behind Locked Doors	director	Budd Boetticher
Jury Duty (film)	director	John Fortenberry
Blue Moon (2002 film)	director	Andrea Maria Dusl
Dobermann (film)	director	Jan Kounen
Submerged	director	Anthony Hickox
The Tingler	director	William Castle
Queen Kelly	director	Erich von Stroheim
Queen Kelly	director	Edmund Goulding
Queen Kelly	director	Richard Boleslavsky
Queen Kelly	director	Sam Wood
Queen Kelly	director	Gloria Swanson
Queen Kelly	director	Gregg Toland
Things Are Tough All Over	director	Thomas K. Avildsen
Kidnapped (1995 film)	director	Ivan Passer
Kidnapped (1971 film)	director	Delbert Mann
Kidnapped (1938 film)	director	Otto Preminger
Kidnapped (1938 film)	director	Alfred L. Werker
No Place Like Home (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Solomon (producer)
The Shooting	director	Monte Hellman
Ensign Pulver	director	Joshua Logan
Hells Angels on Wheels	director	Richard Rush (director)
The Rebel Rousers	director	Martin B. Cohen
The Fortune	director	Mike Nichols
The Border (1982 film)	director	Tony Richardson
Too Late for Tears	director	Byron Haskin
A Ticket to Tomahawk	director	Richard Sale (director)
A Killer Among Us	director	Peter Levin
Homicide (1991 film)	director	David Mamet
Little Children (film)	director	Todd Field
Clubhouses (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
The Arena (2001 film)	director	Timur Bekmambetov
Legacy (TV series)	director	Bill Duke
Legacy (TV series)	director	Sandy Smolan
Legacy (TV series)	director	Stephen Surjik
Legacy (TV series)	director	Randall Zisk
Sky High (2005 film)	director	Mike Mitchell (director)
Whale Music (film)	director	Richard J. Lewis
I Could Go On Singing	director	Ronald Neame
Waydowntown	director	Gary Burns (director)
Cobra Verde	director	Werner Herzog
Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl	director	Katsuhito Ishii
The Forsaken (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Les Landau
Silent Tongue	director	Sam Shepard
The Ghost and Mrs. Muir	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Backbeat (film)	director	Iain Softley
Queen of Outer Space	director	Edward Bernds
Dramatis Personae (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Cliff Bole
All Over Me (film)	director	Alex Sichel
Welcome to the Dollhouse	director	Todd Solondz
Gentleman (film)	director	S. Shankar
Armored Car Robbery	director	Richard Fleischer
Fool for Love (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Nick Marck
Real Me (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Grossman (director)
The Replacement	director	James A. Contner
Beauty and the Beasts	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
Faith, Hope & Trick	director	James A. Contner
Homecoming (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Greenwalt
Band Candy	director	Michael Lange
Revelations (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	James A. Contner
Out of My Mind (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Grossman (director)
Elling	director	Petter Næss
A Place in the Sun (film)	director	George Stevens
7 Faces of Dr. Lao	director	George Pal
Deutschland sucht den Superstar	director	Bruce Gowers
Champagne for Caesar	director	Richard Whorf
Sleeping Bride	director	Hideo Nakata
Gone Fishin' (film)	director	Christopher Cain
Österreichische Galerie Belvedere	director	Agnes Husslein
The Brylcreem Boys	director	Terence Ryan
Camp (film)	director	Todd Graff
Herbie Goes Bananas	director	Vincent McEveety
Ice Age: The Meltdown	director	Carlos Saldanha
Armageddon Game	director	Winrich Kolbe
Don's Party	director	Bruce Beresford
Blood on the Moon	director	Robert Wise
Daikyojū Gappa	director	Haruyasu Noguchi
Puberty Blues	director	Bruce Beresford
Defending Your Life	director	Albert Brooks
TV 101	director	Scott Brazil
TV 101	director	Eric Laneuville
TV 101	director	Sam Pillsbury
TV 101	director	Bethany Rooney
TV 101	director	Jan Eliasberg
TV 101	director	Bruce Seth Green
TV 101	director	Sam Weisman
Edges of the Lord	director	Yurek Bogayevicz
The Players Club	director	Ice Cube
March of the Penguins	director	Luc Jacquet
Stealing Home	director	Steven Kampmann
Stealing Home	director	William Porter
Slither (2006 film)	director	James Gunn (filmmaker)
Disco Pigs	director	Kirsten Sheridan
Nightmare (1956 film)	director	Maxwell Shane
Salaam Namaste	director	Siddharth Anand
Deadlock (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Bionicle: Mask of Light: The Movie	director	Terry Shakespeare
Bionicle: Mask of Light: The Movie	director	David Molina (animator)
Last House Standing	director	Chao Gan
Last House Standing	director	Zi Liang (director)
Eureka (2000 film)	director	Shinji Aoyama
Apocalypto	director	Mel Gibson
Act of Violence	director	Fred Zinnemann
Lucan (TV series)	director	David Greene (director)
Disaster (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
Are You There God? It's Me, Jesus	director	Eric Stough
LolliLove	director	Jenna Fischer
National Lampoon's Pledge This!	director	William Heins
Thriller (U.S. TV series)	director	John Brahm
Thriller (U.S. TV series)	director	Herschel Daugherty
Thriller (U.S. TV series)	director	Paul Henreid
Thriller (U.S. TV series)	director	Douglas Heyes
Thriller (U.S. TV series)	director	Arthur Hiller
Thriller (U.S. TV series)	director	Mitchell Leisen
Thriller (U.S. TV series)	director	Ida Lupino
Thriller (U.S. TV series)	director	John Newland
Thriller (U.S. TV series)	director	Ted Post
Mad Love (1935 film)	director	Karl Freund
Hooked on Monkey Fonics	director	Trey Parker
The Specials (film)	director	Craig Mazin
The Land Before Time II: The Great Valley Adventure	director	Roy Allen Smith
Double Impact	director	Sheldon Lettich
Munich (film)	director	Steven Spielberg
Q-Less	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Helpless (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	James A. Contner
The Zeppo	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
Bad Girls (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Michael Lange
Consequences (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Michael Gershman (director)
Pride & Prejudice (2005 film)	director	Joe Wright
The Captain's Paradise	director	Anthony Kimmins
The Naked Truth (1957 film)	director	Mario Zampi
That Touch of Mink	director	Delbert Mann
The Manson Family (film)	director	Jim Van Bebber
Ten Little Indians (1965 film)	director	George Pollock (director)
Friday the 13th Part VI: Jason Lives	director	Tom McLoughlin
Four Brothers (film)	director	John Singleton
ESIEE	director	Roger Ceschi
ESIEE  École Supérieure d'Ingénieurs en Électronique et É  1	director	Dominique Perrin
Italian for Beginners	director	Lone Scherfig
Electric Apricot: Quest for Festeroo	director	Les Claypool
Andaaz	director	Raj Kanwar
Looker	director	Michael Crichton
Bolívar Soy Yo	director	Jorge Alí Triana
Nikos the Impaler	director	Andreas Schnaas
15 Storeys High	director	Mark Nunneley
Cherokee Hair Tampons	director	Trey Parker
The Leopard Man	director	Jacques Tourneur
Friday the 13th Part III	director	Steve Miner
The Adventures of Barry McKenzie	director	Bruce Beresford
The Great Raid	director	John Dahl
Melvin Goes to Dinner	director	Bob Odenkirk
Aradhana (1987 film)	director	P. Bharathiraja
Mystery Street	director	John Sturges
Dax (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	David Carson (director)
The Perfect Man	director	Mark Rosman
Deuces Wild	director	Scott Kalvert
Enemies (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Grossman (director)
Choices (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	James A. Contner
The Prom (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Solomon (producer)
City Of	director	Joss Whedon
Lonely Hearts (Angel)	director	James A. Contner
SpiderBabe	director	Johnny Crash (band)
The Closet (2001 film)	director	Francis Veber
The Passenger (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Demonium	director	Andreas Schnaas
Thunder in Guyana	director	Suzanne Wasserman
Black Tuesday (film)	director	Hugo Fregonese
Violent Shit	director	Andreas Schnaas
Rejoined	director	Avery Brooks
Pretty Persuasion	director	Marcos Siega
Fantastic Planet	director	René Laloux
Crazy as a Soup Sandwich	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Baby Geniuses	director	Bob Clark
The Mind of Simon Foster	director	Douglas Jackson
As You Were (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Doug Petrie
Terrance and Phillip: Behind the Blow	director	Trey Parker
Return to Sleepaway Camp	director	Robert Hiltzik
Into the Sun (2005 film)	director	Christopher Morrison
God of Gamblers	director	Wong Jing
Move Along Home	director	David Carson (director)
Prison on Fire	director	Ringo Lam
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (film)	director	Steve Barron
Me Without You (film)	director	Sandra Goldbacher
2001: A Space Travesty	director	Allan A. Goldstein
Somewhere in the Night	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Personal Best (film)	director	Robert Towne
Rolling Thunder (film)	director	John Flynn (director)
Toolbox Murders	director	Tobe Hooper
Society (film)	director	Brian Yuzna
Nang Nak	director	Nonzee Nimibutr
Smithy (1946 film)	director	Ken G. Hall
Muro Ami	director	Marilou Diaz-Abaya
Let the Love Begin	director	Mac Alejandre
Kevin & Perry Go Large	director	Ed Bye
Hexed	director	Alan Spencer
Friday the 13th: A New Beginning	director	Danny Steinmann
Mr. Sunshine (1986 TV series)	director	John Rich (director)
Space Ghost (TV series)	director	William Hanna
Space Ghost (TV series)	director	Joseph Barbera
Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kids	director	Charles Nichols
The New Fred and Barney Show	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
The New Fred and Barney Show	director	Oscar Dufau
The New Fred and Barney Show	director	George Gordon (animator)
Yogi's Space Race	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Yogi's Space Race	director	Carl Urbano
Tunes of Glory	director	Ronald Neame
Bionicle 2: Legends of Metru Nui	director	Terry Shakespeare
Butterfly (1982 film)	director	Matt Cimber
Werewolf (TV series)	director	James Darren
Kenny Dies	director	Trey Parker
Red Sleigh Down	director	Trey Parker
The Road to Hong Kong	director	Norman Panama
Death of a Soldier	director	Philippe Mora
Flushed Away	director	David Bowers (director)
Flushed Away	director	Sam Fell
Doc Hollywood	director	Michael Caton-Jones
The Outrageous Okona	director	Robert O. Becker
And Then There Were None (1974 film)	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
Hostel (2005 film)	director	Eli Roth
The Sinbad Show	director	Debbie Allen
The Sinbad Show	director	Rob Schiller
The Sinbad Show	director	Chuck Vinson
Free Enterprise (film)	director	Robert Meyer Burnett
The Strange Love of Martha Ivers	director	Lewis Milestone
My Voyage to Italy	director	Martin Scorsese
A Married Woman	director	Jean-Luc Godard
La Chinoise	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Operation Concrete	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Une femme coquette	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Death in Brunswick	director	John Ruane (director)
A Story of Water	director	François Truffaut
A Story of Water	director	Jean-Luc Godard
The Little Soldier	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Fidel (film)	director	David Attwood
Les Patterson Saves the World	director	George T. Miller
I.Q. (film)	director	Fred Schepisi
Hanzo the Razor	director	Kenji Misumi
Hanzo the Razor  : The Snare   1	director	Yasuzo Masumura
Hanzo the Razor  : Who's Got the Gold?   1	director	Yoshio Inoue
Walkout (film)	director	Edward James Olmos
Split Second (1992 film)	director	Tony Maylam
Split Second (1992 film)	director	Ian Sharp
Fast Company (1979 film)	director	David Cronenberg
The Specialist	director	Luis Llosa
Dead End (Angel)	director	James A. Contner
The Roller Blade Seven	director	Donald G. Jackson
T-Men	director	Anthony Mann
Proof of Life	director	Taylor Hackford
Three Men and a Cradle	director	Coline Serreau
Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo	director	Mike Bigelow (director)
Tale of Two Sisters	director	Adam Rifkin
He Walked by Night	director	Alfred L. Werker
He Walked by Night	director	Anthony Mann
La Strada	director	Federico Fellini
Fat City (film)	director	John Huston
Ghosts Can't Do It	director	John Derek
Autumn in My Heart	director	Yoon Seok-Ho
Surrender (1987 film)	director	Jerry Belson
Josh Jarman	director	Pip Mushin
My Summer of Love	director	Paweł Pawlikowski
Aquamarine (film)	director	Elizabeth Allen (director)
Blazing Stewardesses	director	Al Adamson
A Lady Without Passport	director	Joseph H. Lewis
Crime Wave (1954 film)	director	André de Toth
The Man Who Knew Too Much (1934 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
The Man Who Knew Too Much (1956 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Jesus' Son	director	Alison Maclean
Statistical Probabilities	director	Anson Williams
One Day in September	director	Kevin Macdonald (director)
The City of the Dead (film)	director	John Llewellyn Moxey
New Year's Day (film)	director	Suri Krishnamma
Spy Game (TV series)	director	Lou Antonio
Spy Game (TV series)	director	James Frawley
Spy Game (TV series)	director	Elodie Keene
Spy Game (TV series)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Spy Game (TV series)	director	John T. Kretchmer
Spy Game (TV series)	director	Les Landau
Spy Game (TV series)	director	Doug Lefler
Spy Game (TV series)	director	Alan J. Levi
Spy Game (TV series)	director	Jefery Levy
Spy Game (TV series)	director	Martha Mitchell (director)
Spy Game (TV series)	director	Oz Scott
Human Desire	director	Fritz Lang
Christmas Holiday	director	Robert Siodmak
In the Dark (Angel)	director	Bruce Seth Green
I Fall to Pieces (Angel)	director	Vern Gillum
Little Boy Lost	director	George Seaton
Double Trouble (TV series)	director	John Bowab
Double Trouble (TV series)	director	Jim Drake (director)
Double Trouble (TV series)	director	Ellen Gittelsohn
Double Trouble (TV series)	director	John Pasquin
Gift of Gab (film)	director	Karl Freund
Sehar	director	Kabeer Kaushik
If Footmen Tire You, What Will Horses Do?	director	Ron Ormond
It's Your Move	director	Peter Bonerz
It's Your Move	director	Jim Drake (director)
It's Your Move	director	John Pasquin
It's Your Move	director	Tony Singletary
Teknolust	director	Lynn Hershman Leeson
7½ Phere	director	Ishaan Trvedi
Hero (Angel)	director	Tucker Gates
Prison on Fire II	director	Ringo Lam
Toad Patrol	director	Nelson Shin
Death Warrant	director	Deran Sarafian
Wake of Death	director	Philippe Martinez
Whispers (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Les Landau
Attack of the Crab Monsters	director	Roger Corman
The Talent Given Us	director	Andrew Wagner
Not of This Earth (1957 film)	director	Roger Corman
Running with Scissors (film)	director	Ryan Murphy (writer)
Bones (2001 film)	director	Ernest Dickerson
Gunman in the Streets	director	Frank Tuttle
Gunman in the Streets	director	Borys Lewin
The Karate Kid, Part III	director	John G. Avildsen
What Price Hollywood?	director	George Cukor
Soul Purpose (Angel)	director	David Boreanaz
Something Blue (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Nick Marck
Doomed (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	James A. Contner
A New Man	director	Michael Gershman (director)
The I in Team	director	James A. Contner
Warsaw Uprising Museum	director	Jan Ołdakowski
Curse of the Pink Panther	director	Blake Edwards
It's a Great Feeling	director	David Butler (director)
Soapdish	director	Michael Hoffman (American director)
Fur (film)	director	Steven Shainberg
The Barchester Chronicles	director	David Giles (director)
The Stuff	director	Larry Cohen
Head Office	director	Ken Finkleman
Paradise (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Corey Allen
The Ring (Angel)	director	Nick Marck
Parting Gifts	director	James A. Contner
The Russian Dolls	director	Cédric Klapisch
Living in Missouri	director	Shaun Peterson (director)
Carbon Creek (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	James A. Contner
Cure (film)	director	Kiyoshi Kurosawa
Female Jungle	director	Bruno VeSota
Apthamitra	director	P. Vasu
Tumko Na Bhool Paayenge	director	Pankaj Parashar
The Sound of Fury (film)	director	Cy Endfield
Judith (1966 film)	director	Daniel Mann
1984 (1956 film)	director	Michael Anderson (director)
The Underworld Story	director	Cy Endfield
Conquest (1937 film)	director	Clarence Brown
Conquest (1937 film)	director	Gustav Machatý
Coyote Ugly (film)	director	David McNally (director)
The Tunnel (2001 film)	director	Roland Suso Richter
Son of the Pink Panther	director	Blake Edwards
2by4	director	Jimmy Smallhorne
First Impressions (Angel)	director	James A. Contner
Are You Now or Have You Ever Been	director	David Semel
Luis (TV series)	director	Jeff Melman
Luis (TV series)	director	Wil Shriner
Cracking Up	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
Cracking Up	director	Michael Spiller
Cracking Up	director	Lev L. Spiro
The Agronomist	director	Jonathan Demme
The Thomas Crown Affair (1968 film)	director	Norman Jewison
The Thomas Crown Affair (1999 film)	director	John McTiernan
Just Like Heaven (film)	director	Mark Waters (director)
If You Could See What I Hear	director	Eric Till
Loophole (1954 film)	director	Harold D. Schuster
Absolute Beginners (film)	director	Julien Temple
Blacula	director	William Crain (filmmaker)
The Extra	director	Kevin Carlin
Red Hot Catholic Love	director	Trey Parker
Southern Comfort (film)	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Any Which Way You Can	director	Buddy Van Horn
D-Tox	director	Jim Gillespie
Jesse James (film)	director	Henry King (director)
Garfield Gets a Life	director	John Sparey
The Return of Frank James	director	Fritz Lang
Riding in Cars with Boys	director	Penny Marshall
Closet Land	director	Radha Bharadwaj
Best Seller	director	John Flynn (director)
In Country	director	Norman Jewison
The General's Daughter (film)	director	Simon West
Tweek vs. Craig	director	Trey Parker
Trudeau (film)	director	Jerry Ciccoritti
The Relic (film)	director	Peter Hyams
Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday	director	Adam Marcus
The Removalists	director	Tom Jeffrey
The Iron Mask	director	Allan Dwan
The Light that Failed	director	William A. Wellman
The Year My Voice Broke	director	John Duigan
You Got F'd in the A	director	Trey Parker
Waiting... (film)	director	Rob McKittrick
The Emperor Waltz	director	Billy Wilder
The Rage in Placid Lake	director	Tony McNamara
November (film)	director	Greg Harrison
The Crow: Wicked Prayer	director	Lance Mungia
Narc (film)	director	Joe Carnahan
Bird (film)	director	Clint Eastwood
There Was a Crooked Man...	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Switching Goals	director	David Steinberg
Don't Tempt Me	director	Agustín Díaz Yanes
Bitters and Blue Ruin	director	Sean Kelley
Rated X (film)	director	Emilio Estevez
Shooting Fish	director	Stefan Schwartz
Brother Sun, Sister Moon	director	Franco Zeffirelli
Grizzly Man	director	Werner Herzog
Summer Sucks	director	Trey Parker
Cartman Joins NAMBLA	director	Eric Stough
Slightly Scarlet	director	Allan Dwan
Night of the Comet	director	Thom Eberhardt
Imagine (film)	director	Steve Gebhardt
Imagine (film)	director	John Lennon
Imagine (film)	director	Yoko Ono
The Last Broadcast (film)	director	Stefan Avalos
The Last Broadcast (film)	director	Lance Weiler
The Self-Destruction of Gia	director	J.J. Martin
Chiriyakhana	director	Satyajit Ray
Sindhu Bhairavi (film)	director	K. Balachander
Shaolin Warrior	director	Lau Kar-leung
Disciples of the 36th Chamber	director	Lau Kar-leung
American Shaolin	director	Lucas Lowe
Carry On Sergeant	director	Gerald Thomas
Blood In Blood Out	director	Taylor Hackford
Blood and Bones	director	Yoichi Sai
The Night of the White Pants	director	Amy Talkington
Front Mission 4	director	Toshiro Tsuchida
Raising Hell (video)	director	Declan Lowney
Trash (film)	director	Paul Morrissey
Billy (1992 TV series)	director	John Bowab
Billy (1992 TV series)	director	Robert Berlinger
Billy (1992 TV series)	director	Howard Storm (director)
Billy (1992 TV series)	director	Sam Weisman
The Break-Up	director	Peyton Reed
Fraternity Vacation	director	James Frawley
Under the Cherry Moon	director	Prince (musician)
Red Zone Cuba	director	Coleman Francis
The Big Picture (film)	director	Christopher Guest
The Chumscrubber	director	Arie Posin
Firecreek	director	Vincent McEveety
Madigan	director	Don Siegel
The Happiest Days of Your Life	director	Frank Launder
The Cassandra Crossing	director	George P. Cosmatos
Hell Ride	director	Larry Bishop
The Last Day of Summer	director	Tadeusz Konwicki
One of Our Dinosaurs Is Missing	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Syriana	director	Stephen Gaghan
Indian Institute of Astrophysics	director	Professor
Living on Tokyo Time	director	Steven Okazaki
The Icelandic Dream	director	Róbert Ingi Douglas
A Man Like Me	director	Róbert Ingi Douglas
Invaders from Mars (1953 film)	director	William Cameron Menzies
Stuart Little (film)	director	Rob Minkoff
The Incredible Shrinking Woman	director	Joel Schumacher
Naruto the Movie 3: Guardians of the Crescent Moon Kingdom	director	Toshiyuki Tsuru
End of the Century: The Story of the Ramones	director	Jim Fields
End of the Century: The Story of the Ramones	director	Michael Gramaglia
Tuttle (M*A*S*H)	director	William Wiard
The Garden (1990 film)	director	Derek Jarman
The Man (film)	director	Les Mayfield
The Formula (1980 film)	director	John G. Avildsen
House of Dark Shadows	director	Dan Curtis
The Jazz Singer (1980 film)	director	Richard Fleischer
The Jazz Singer (1980 film)	director	Sidney J. Furie
The Nude Bomb	director	Clive Donner
Goodnight, Beantown	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
Goodnight, Beantown	director	Bill Bixby
Goodnight, Beantown	director	David Nelson (actor)
Goodnight, Beantown	director	Dick Martin (comedian)
Goodnight, Beantown	director	Bob Sweeney (director)
Goodnight, Beantown	director	Harry Winer
Windows (film)	director	Gordon Willis
Game Over (film)	director	Jason Bourque
Rose Kennedy: A Life to Remember	director	Terry Sanders
Sheena (film)	director	John Guillermin
The Last Supper (1995 film)	director	Stacy Title
Black Friday (2004 film)	director	Anurag Kashyap (director)
Kill Me Again	director	John Dahl
The Happiness of the Katakuris	director	Takashi Miike
At First Sight	director	Irwin Winkler
Prem Sanyas	director	Franz Osten
Prem Sanyas	director	Himanshu Rai
The Scarlet and the Black	director	Jerry London
Mickey's House of Villains	director	Jamie Mitchell
All the Right Moves	director	Michael Chapman (cinematographer)
Crashout	director	Lewis R. Foster
Six Pack (film)	director	Daniel Petrie
The Sword and the Sorcerer	director	Albert Pyun
The Shootist	director	Don Siegel
God of Gamblers Returns	director	Wong Jing
Samson and His Mighty Challenge	director	Giorgio Capitani
Omen IV: The Awakening	director	Dominique Othenin-Girard
The Great Flamarion	director	Anthony Mann
D3: The Mighty Ducks	director	Robert Lieberman
Sonny Boy (1929 film)	director	Archie Mayo
Android Kikaider	director	Yasutada Nagano
Android Kikaider	director	Toyohko Okayama
Mechanical Violator Hakaider	director	Keita Amemiya
Ōkami	director	Hideki Kamiya
Thine Own Self	director	Winrich Kolbe
Gabriel Over the White House	director	Gregory La Cava
The Toys of Caliban	director	Thomas J. Wright
The Chase (1946 film)	director	Arthur Ripley
Green Street	director	Lexi Alexander
Looking for Alibrandi	director	Kate Woods
Paris Is Burning (film)	director	Jennie Livingston
The Private Eyes (1981 film)	director	Lang Elliott
Santa Claus: The Movie	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Valley Girl (film)	director	Martha Coolidge
My Date with Drew	director	Jon Gunn
My Date with Drew	director	Brian Herzlinger
My Date with Drew	director	Brett Winn
Bikini Beach	director	William Asher
Warlock (1989 film)	director	Steve Miner
Judge Dredd (film)	director	Danny Cannon
The Crow: Stairway to Heaven	director	Scott Williams (director)
Tattoo Assassins	director	Bob Gale
Transporter 2	director	Louis Leterrier
The Twelve Tasks of Asterix	director	René Goscinny
The Twelve Tasks of Asterix	director	Albert Uderzo
The Twelve Tasks of Asterix	director	Pierre Watrin
Score (film)	director	Radley Metzger
Cimarron (1931 film)	director	Wesley Ruggles
Cimarron (1960 film)	director	Anthony Mann
The Plague Dogs (film)	director	Martin Rosen (director)
The Plague Dogs (film)	director	Tony Guy
Vaada (film)	director	Satish Kaushik
Men at Work (film)	director	Emilio Estevez
Indian (1996 film)	director	S. Shankar
The Thin Red Line (1964 film)	director	Andrew Marton
Port of New York (film)	director	László Benedek
Night Has a Thousand Eyes	director	John Farrow
School for Scoundrels (1960 film)	director	Robert Hamer
Hope and Fear	director	Winrich Kolbe
The Damned Don't Cry!	director	Vincent Sherman
Ben (film)	director	Phil Karlson
Father, Dear Father	director	William G. Stewart
Out of Darkness	director	Larry Elikann
Death Watch	director	Bertrand Tavernier
It Couldn't Happen Here	director	Jack Bond (director)
Inventing the Abbotts	director	Pat O'Connor (director)
Teresa (2010 telenovela)	director	Mónica Miguel
Croupier (film)	director	Mike Hodges
The Concorde ... Airport '79	director	David Lowell Rich
I'm a Little Bit Country	director	Trey Parker
God Speed You! Black Emperor	director	Mitsuo Yanagimachi
The Sorrow and the Pity	director	Marcel Ophüls
Rise: Blood Hunter	director	Sebastian Gutierrez
The Little People	director	William Claxton
Sword of Gideon	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Yes (film)	director	Sally Potter
Samurai Assassin	director	Kihachi Okamoto
Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny	director	Liam Lynch (musician)
Druids (film)	director	Jacques Dorfmann
Broadway Danny Rose	director	Woody Allen
A Midsummer Night's Sex Comedy	director	Woody Allen
Radio Days	director	Woody Allen
Tough Guys (1986 film)	director	Jeff Kanew
September (film)	director	Woody Allen
Another Woman	director	Woody Allen
Firewall (film)	director	Richard Loncraine
Robbery (film)	director	Peter Yates
Homicidal	director	William Castle
Yellow Submarine (film)	director	George Dunning
Fateless (film)	director	Lajos Koltai
She's So Lovely	director	Nick Cassavetes
U Turn (1997 film)	director	Oliver Stone
One Fine Day (film)	director	Michael Hoffman (American director)
Mr. Saturday Knight	director	Michael Dante DiMartino
Still Crazy (film)	director	Brian Gibson (director)
Lady Helen's Escapade	director	D. W. Griffith
Show People	director	King Vidor
The Omen (2006 film)	director	John Moore (director)
The Mummy: The Animated Series	director	Dick Sebast
Mississippi Masala	director	Mira Nair
Proof (2005 film)	director	John Madden (director)
Ashes and Diamonds (film)	director	Andrzej Wajda
Bad Eggs	director	Tony Martin (comedian)
Counterpoint (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Les Landau
The Vampire Lovers	director	Roy Ward Baker
Baazigar	director	Abbas-Mustan
1942: A Love Story	director	Vidhu Vinod Chopra
Take My Eyes	director	Icíar Bollaín
Soldiers of Salamina (film)	director	David Trueba
Kampanerang Kuba	director	Wenn V. Deramas
Goin' Bulilit	director	Edgar Mortiz
Goin' Bulilit	director	Frasco Mortiz
My Best Fiend	director	Werner Herzog
Midnight (1934 film)	director	Chester Erskine
Tokyo Joe (1949 film)	director	Stuart Heisler
Coast (TV series)	director	Paul Barnett (producer)
White Squall (film)	director	Ridley Scott
No Escape	director	Martin Campbell
The Big Snit	director	Richard Condie
The Raven (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	LeVar Burton
Blue Gate Crossing	director	Yee Chin-yen
Buried on Sunday	director	Paul Donovan (writer)
Village of the Giants	director	Bert I. Gordon
Very Important Person (film)	director	Ken Annakin
I Love a Man in Uniform (film)	director	David Wellington (director)
McClain's Law	director	Corey Allen
New Waterford Girl	director	Allan Moyle
Léolo	director	Jean-Claude Lauzon
Sword of Justice (TV series)	director	Ray Austin (director)
Sword of Justice (TV series)	director	Daniel Haller
Driven	director	Renny Harlin
The Company of Strangers	director	Cynthia Scott
48 Hrs.	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Factotum (film)	director	Bent Hamer
Black Bart (1948 film)	director	George Sherman
Oyster Farmer	director	Anna Reeves
Farewell to the King	director	John Milius
Moving Violations	director	Neal Israel
Mondays in the Sun	director	Fernando León de Aranoa
Nacho Libre	director	Jared and Jerusha Hess
In the City Without Limits	director	Antonio Hernández
The Ascent	director	Larisa Shepitko
Nine Lives (1957 film)	director	Arne Skouen
The Long Riders	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Two Moon Junction	director	Zalman King
Forever (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Marti Noxon
For All Mankind	director	Al Reinert
When Things Were Rotten	director	Norman Abbott
When Things Were Rotten	director	Bruce Bilson
When Things Were Rotten	director	Peter Bonerz
When Things Were Rotten	director	Marty Feldman
When Things Were Rotten	director	Peter H. Hunt
When Things Were Rotten	director	Jerry Paris
When Things Were Rotten	director	Joshua Shelley
Wonderwall (film)	director	Joe Massot
Swept from the Sea	director	Beeban Kidron
Roma (2004 film)	director	Adolfo Aristarain
Tiovivo c. 1950	director	José Luis Garci
Æon Flux (film)	director	Karyn Kusama
Edge of Doom	director	Mark Robson
Nginiig	director	Luis Luigi Santiago
Hello, Frisco, Hello	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Paradise (TV series)	director	Cliff Bole
Paradise (TV series)	director	Harry Harris (director)
Paradise (TV series)	director	Kim Manners
Paradise (TV series)	director	Joseph L. Scanlan
Paradise (TV series)	director	Robert Scheerer
Emission Impossible	director	Peter Shin
The Day the Clown Cried	director	Jerry Lewis
Festival in Cannes	director	Henry Jaglom
Nightmare Ned	director	Donovan Cook
Live Shot	director	Scott Brazil
Live Shot	director	Colin Bucksey
Lone Wolf McQuade	director	Steve Carver
The Fan (1996 film)	director	Tony Scott
Wifemistress	director	Marco Vicario
Chancer	director	Alan Grint
Chancer	director	Laurence Moody
Flesh (1968 film)	director	Paul Morrissey
Beneath Clouds	director	Ivan Sen
The Fountain	director	Darren Aronofsky
Must Love Dogs	director	Gary David Goldberg
School for Seduction	director	Sue Heel
The Trouble with Men and Women	director	Tony Fisher (film director)
Flight of the Eagle	director	Jan Troell
Midnight (1939 film)	director	Mitchell Leisen
Number One (1969 film)	director	Tom Gries
Number One (1998 film)	director	Caroline Kava
Rainbow Bird and Monster Man	director	Dennis K Smith
Four for Venice	director	Vivian Naefe
To End All Wars	director	David Loren Cunningham
Chaos (2005 film)	director	David DeFalco
Britannia Hospital	director	Lindsay Anderson
Charuga	director	Rajko Grlić
Fata Morgana (film)	director	Werner Herzog
The Confessional	director	Robert Lepage
Nô (film)	director	Robert Lepage
Un secreto de Esperanza	director	Leopoldo Laborde
Dead Men Walk	director	Sam Newfield
Night Monster	director	Ford Beebe
Wilt (film)	director	Michael Tuchner
Malaga (film)	director	Richard Sale (director)
The Train Job	director	Joss Whedon
The Man Who Knew Too Little	director	Jon Amiel
Palindromes (film)	director	Todd Solondz
Phantasmagoria: The Visions of Lewis Carroll	director	Marilyn Manson
Tribunal (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Avery Brooks
A Century of Cinema	director	Caroline Thomas
Kaala Patthar	director	Yash Chopra
Semne în pustiu	director	Nicolas Masson
The Killing of a Chinese Bookie	director	John Cassavetes
Loud as a Whisper	director	Larry Shaw (director)
The Schizoid Man (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Les Landau
Mike's New Car	director	Pete Docter
The House Across the Lake (1954 film)	director	Ken Hughes
The Maze (1953 film)	director	William Cameron Menzies
Pokémon: The First Movie	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
Chitty Chitty Death Bang	director	Dominic Polcino
Bitter Rice	director	Giuseppe De Santis
The Omega Directive	director	Victor Lobl
Casino Royale (1967 film)	director	Ken Hughes
Casino Royale (1967 film)	director	John Huston
Casino Royale (1967 film)	director	Joseph McGrath (film director)
Casino Royale (1967 film)	director	Robert Parrish
Casino Royale (1967 film)	director	Val Guest
Casino Royale (1967 film)	director	Richard Talmadge
Genesis (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Gates McFadden
Mind Over Murder	director	Roy Allen Smith
Back to the Beach	director	Lyndall Hobbs
To Love and Die in Dixie	director	Dan Povenmire
The Stepford Wives (1975 film)	director	Bryan Forbes
Meet John Doe	director	Frank Capra
Chronicle of a Disappearance	director	Elia Suleiman
Sikandar (1941 film)	director	Sohrab Modi
Avenging Angelo	director	Martyn Burke
Silent Hill (film)	director	Christophe Gans
Daddie's Little Piece of Dresden China	director	Karen Watson
300 (film)	director	Zack Snyder
Parts: The Clonus Horror	director	Robert S. Fiveson
The Godfather	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Carry On Nurse	director	Gerald Thomas
Rhapsody in August	director	Akira Kurosawa
Play It Again, Sam (1972 film)	director	Herbert Ross
Hera Pheri (2000 film)	director	Priyadarshan
Comfort and Joy (1984 film)	director	Bill Forsyth
Riding the Bus with My Sister	director	Anjelica Huston
Road to Rhode Island	director	Dan Povenmire
Road to Europe	director	Dan Povenmire
In the Army Now (film)	director	Daniel Petrie, Jr.
The 100 Lives of Black Jack Savage	director	Kim Manners
The 100 Lives of Black Jack Savage	director	Tucker Gates
The 100 Lives of Black Jack Savage	director	Bruce Kessler
The 100 Lives of Black Jack Savage	director	David Nutter
The 100 Lives of Black Jack Savage	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
28 Days (film)	director	Betty Thomas
Werner Herzog Eats His Shoe	director	Les Blank
Nocturne (film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
Turbulence (1997 film)	director	Robert Butler (director)
Safe (Firefly)	director	Michael Grossman
Shindig (Firefly)	director	Vern Gillum
Our Mrs. Reynolds	director	Vondie Curtis-Hall
Jaynestown	director	Marita Grabiak
Ariel (Firefly episode)	director	Allan Kroeker
Out of Gas	director	David Solomon (producer)
War Stories (Firefly)	director	James A. Contner
The Message (Firefly)	director	Tim Minear
Heart of Gold (Firefly)	director	Thomas J. Wright
Trash (Firefly)	director	Vern Gillum
Objects in Space	director	Joss Whedon
Showtime (film)	director	Tom Dey
Distant Thunder (1988 film)	director	Rick Rosenthal
Fullmetal Alchemist the Movie: Conqueror of Shamballa	director	Seiji Mizushima
Simon, King of the Witches	director	Bruce Kessler
Omen III: The Final Conflict	director	Graham Baker (director)
Mom and Dad	director	William Beaudine
Take This Job and Shove It (film)	director	Gus Trikonis
Gray Lady Down	director	David Greene (director)
An American Tail: The Treasure of Manhattan Island	director	Larry Latham (director)
French Connection II	director	John Frankenheimer
God of Gamblers II	director	Wong Jing
Guns of El Chupacabra	director	Donald G. Jackson
Hell Comes to Frogtown	director	Donald G. Jackson
Undercover X	director	Scott Shaw
Time Bomb (Angel)	director	Vern Gillum
Brian Wallows and Peter's Swallows	director	Dan Povenmire
Mister T (TV series)	director	Rudy Larriva
Tigerland	director	Joel Schumacher
House of Games	director	David Mamet
Doppelherz	director	Marilyn Manson
River Queen	director	Vincent Ward
C.R.A.Z.Y.	director	Jean-Marc Vallée
The Twelve Chairs (1970 film)	director	Mel Brooks
Five by Five (Angel)	director	James A. Contner
Valentine (film)	director	Jamie Blanks
The Weather Man	director	Gore Verbinski
Bob le flambeur	director	Jean-Pierre Melville
Hollywood Homicide	director	Ron Shelton
The Girl Who Knew Too Much (1963 film)	director	Mario Bava
And Soon the Darkness	director	Robert Fuest
State of Flux	director	Robert Scheerer
The Whip and the Body	director	Mario Bava
Black Sunday (1960 film)	director	Mario Bava
Black Sunday (1960 film)	director	Lee Kresel
Little Cigars (film)	director	Chris Christenberry
The Horrible Dr. Hichcock	director	Riccardo Freda
Katherine (film)	director	Jeremy Kagan
Fletch (film)	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Mieskuoro Huutajat	director	Mika Ronkainen
Death Has a Shadow	director	Peter Shin
I Never Met the Dead Man	director	Michael Dante DiMartino
Vice Squad (film)	director	Gary Sherman (director)
Okraina (1998 film)	director	Pyotr Lutsik
Da Boom	director	The Ren & Stimpy Show
Rush (1991 film)	director	Lili Fini Zanuck
The Mothers-in-Law	director	Desi Arnaz
The Mothers-in-Law	director	Elliott Lewis (radio)
Sith Apprentice	director	John E. Hudgens
The Jedi Hunter	director	John E. Hudgens
Darth Vader's Psychic Hotline	director	John E. Hudgens
Pink Five	director	Trey Stokes
Scary Movie 4	director	David Zucker (filmmaker)
Troops (film)	director	Kevin Rubio
Twisted Metal: Black	director	David Jaffe
Rain (2001 film)	director	Christine Jeffs
Dear Wendy	director	Thomas Vinterberg
Arsène Lupin (2004 film)	director	Jean-Paul Salomé
Kung Fu Mahjong	director	Billy Chung
Kung Fu Mahjong	director	Wong Jing
Lawn Dogs	director	John Duigan
Wild in the Streets	director	Barry Shear
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1941 film)	director	Victor Fleming
Tremors 2: Aftershocks	director	S. S. Wilson
Eyes Without a Face	director	Georges Franju
Mary (1931 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Rumor Has It…	director	Rob Reiner
Winter Light	director	Ingmar Bergman
The Son Also Draws	director	Neil Affleck
Brian: Portrait of a Dog	director	Michael Dante DiMartino
Waisa Bhi Hota Hai Part II	director	Shashanka Ghosh
Perfect Pie	director	Barbara Willis Sweete
Shakes the Clown	director	Bobcat Goldthwait
Michael Jackson's Ghosts	director	Stan Winston
Ghost in the Machine (film)	director	Rachel Talalay
E. Peterbus Unum	director	Rob Renzetti
Jennifer Slept Here	director	John Bowab
Women in Revolt	director	Paul Morrissey
Swamp Women	director	Roger Corman
Bill and Coo	director	Dean Riesner
Timmy 2000	director	Trey Parker
Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education, Santa Catarina	director	Rafael Ábrego Hinojosa
Brigada	director	Aleksei Sidorov
Prom Night (1980 film)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Fallen Art	director	Tomasz Bagiński
Barbershop (TV series)	director	Linda Mendoza
Barbershop (TV series)	director	John Ridley
Barbershop (TV series)	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
Legacy (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Scheerer
Tortured Souls: Animae Damnatae	director	Clive Barker
Brother 2	director	Aleksei Balabanov
Le Cercle rouge	director	Jean-Pierre Melville
Har Dil Jo Pyar Karega	director	Raj Kanwar
Family Guy Viewer Mail 1	director	Pete Michels
Family Guy Viewer Mail 1	director	Michael Dante DiMartino
Futureworld	director	Richard T. Heffron
Legendary Wings	director	Takashi Nishiyama
Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi	director	Sudhir Mishra
Fun with Dick and Jane (1977 film)	director	Ted Kotcheff
Prehysteria trilogy	director	Albert Band
Prehysteria trilogy	director	Charles Band
Prehysteria trilogy	director	David DeCoteau
An Autumn Afternoon	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Cruel Story of Youth	director	Nagisa Oshima
Airborne (1993 film)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
The Scout (film)	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Super Best Friends	director	Trey Parker
Brother (1997 film)	director	Aleksei Balabanov
Christmas Carol: The Movie	director	Jimmy Murakami
The Bingo Long Traveling All-Stars & Motor Kings	director	John Badham
Revolver (film)	director	Guy Ritchie
L'Inferno (film)	director	Giuseppe de Liguoro
Bush Christmas	director	Henri Safran
Lola (1981 film)	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
First Contact (1983 film)	director	Robin Anderson
First Contact (1983 film)	director	Bob Connolly
Christian Rock Hard	director	Trey Parker
Little Nellie Kelly	director	Norman Taurog
Fat Choi Spirit	director	Johnnie To
Fat Choi Spirit	director	Wai Ka-Fai
Aandhi	director	Gulzar
Royal Flash (film)	director	Richard Lester
Maachis	director	Gulzar
Parichay (The Film)	director	Gulzar
Hu Tu Tu	director	Gulzar
Lloyd's of London (film)	director	Henry King (director)
Dummy (film)	director	Greg Pritikin
Chimes at Midnight	director	Orson Welles
Humanity and Paper Balloons	director	Sadao Yamanaka
Hitman City	director	Scott Shaw
Oliver Twist (2005 film)	director	Roman Polanski
Romeo Is Bleeding	director	Peter Medak
Tongues Untied	director	Marlon Riggs
Keys to Tulsa	director	Leslie Greif
Jalsaghar	director	Satyajit Ray
Mahanagar	director	Satyajit Ray
The Lost World (1925 film)	director	Harry O. Hoyt
Critters 2: The Main Course	director	Mick Garris
The Box (2009 film)	director	Richard Kelly (director)
Jarhead (film)	director	Sam Mendes
The Undead (film)	director	Roger Corman
Parash Pathar	director	Satyajit Ray
Nayak (1966 film)	director	Satyajit Ray
Something for Joey	director	Lou Antonio
An Unfinished Life	director	Lasse Hallström
Candy (2006 film)	director	Neil Armfield
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (TV series)	director	Lou Antonio
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (TV series)	director	Dan Attias
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (TV series)	director	Ralph Hemecker
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (TV series)	director	David Jackson (director)
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (TV series)	director	Nick Marck
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (TV series)	director	Sharron Miller
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (TV series)	director	Oz Scott
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (TV series)	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (TV series)	director	Michael Zinberg
Dr. Dolittle (film)	director	Betty Thomas
Descent (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Alexander Singer
Galaxy Goof-Ups	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Galaxy Goof-Ups	director	Carl Urbano
Partridge Family 2200 A.D.	director	Charles August Nichols
Hey There, It's Yogi Bear!	director	Joseph Barbera
Hey There, It's Yogi Bear!	director	William Hanna
Dhoom 2	director	Sanjay Gadhvi
Cyborg (film)	director	Albert Pyun
Queen Christina (film)	director	Rouben Mamoulian
Analyze That	director	Harold Ramis
The Terror (1963 film)	director	Roger Corman
The Terror (1963 film)	director	Francis Ford Coppola
The Terror (1963 film)	director	Monte Hellman
The Terror (1963 film)	director	Jack Hill
The Terror (1963 film)	director	Jack Nicholson
Holy Crap	director	Neil Affleck
A Cow at My Table	director	Jennifer Abbott
Body Parts (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Avery Brooks
Guilty by Suspicion	director	Irwin Winkler
Robinson Crusoe (1997 film)	director	Rod Hardy
Robinson Crusoe (1997 film)	director	George T. Miller
Pilot (Gilmore Girls)	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
Na Tum Jaano Na Hum	director	Arjun Sablok
It's Flashbeagle, Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
Abra-Catastrophe!	director	Butch Hartman
Hum Saath-Saath Hain: We Stand United	director	Sooraj R. Barjatya
Malcolm (film)	director	Nadia Tass
Name Your Adventure	director	Jordan Brady
Name Your Adventure	director	Brian K. Roberts
Name Your Adventure	director	Susan Steinberg (producer)
Name Your Adventure	director	Patrick Taulère
Tart (film)	director	Christina Wayne
Lost and Delirious	director	Léa Pool
Education of a Prince	director	Henri Diamant-Berger
A Woman of the Sea	director	Josef von Sternberg
The Blob (1988 film)	director	Chuck Russell
The Hidden	director	Jack Sholder
Death Is a Bitch	director	Michael Dante DiMartino
Pigsty (film)	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
CI5: The New Professionals	director	Raymond Austin (director)
The Quickening (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	René Auberjonois (actor)
Ministry of Fear	director	Fritz Lang
Lilo & Stitch 2: Stitch Has a Glitch	director	Tony Leondis
Christmas Every Day	director	Larry Peerce
Island of Terror	director	Terence Fisher
On the Double (film)	director	Melville Shavelson
The Land Before Time III: The Time of the Great Giving	director	Roy Allen Smith
The Land Before Time III: The Time of the Great Giving	director	Frederik Du Chau
The Land Before Time III: The Time of the Great Giving	director	Graham Morris
Coonskin (film)	director	Ralph Bakshi
Mac and Me	director	Stewart Raffill
Good Neighbors (film)	director	Jacob Tierney
The Fall of '55	director	Seth Randal
Trancers	director	Charles Band
Surplus: Terrorized into Being Consumers	director	Erik Gandini
Kiss Meets the Phantom of the Park	director	Gordon Hessler
The Anderson Platoon	director	Pierre Schoendoerffer
The Magician (1958 film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
Hardball (1989 TV series)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Hardball (1989 TV series)	director	James Darren
Hardball (1989 TV series)	director	David Hemmings
Hardball (1989 TV series)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Hardball (1989 TV series)	director	Virgil W. Vogel
Bright Leaf	director	Michael Curtiz
Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa	director	Kundan Shah
The Last King of Scotland (film)	director	Kevin Macdonald (director)
Flying Down to Rio	director	Thornton Freeland
Elevated (film)	director	Vincenzo Natali
Just Cause (film)	director	Arne Glimcher
Highlander: The Raven	director	Dennis Berry (director)
If I'm Dyin', I'm Lyin'	director	Swinton O. Scott III
The Center of the World	director	Wayne Wang
The End of the World (1916 film)	director	August Blom
Train Ride	director	Rel Dowdell
Ode to Billy Joe (film)	director	Max Baer, Jr.
Bomb the System	director	Adam Bhala Lough
Daktari	director	Otto Lang (film producer)
Legend of the Lost	director	Henry Hathaway
PR Girls	director	Matt Chow
The Heroic Trio	director	Johnnie To
Nurses (TV series)	director	Robert Berlinger
Nurses (TV series)	director	Andy Cadiff
Nurses (TV series)	director	Terry Hughes (director)
Nurses (TV series)	director	Gil Junger
Flowers of Shanghai	director	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
8½ Women	director	Peter Greenaway
Goodbye South, Goodbye	director	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
Wolves Cry Under the Moon	director	Ho Ping
Good Men, Good Women	director	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
Red Firecracker, Green Firecracker	director	He Ping
Night of the Creeps	director	Fred Dekker
Beyond the Rainbow	director	Christy Cabanne
Left Behind: World at War	director	Craig R. Baxley
A Night in the Show	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Flying Irishman	director	Leigh Jason
Attached	director	Jonathan Frakes
In the Flesh (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Course: Oblivion (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Anson Williams
Cookie (film)	director	Susan Seidelman
Termini Station (film)	director	Allan King
Dersu Uzala (1961 film)	director	Agasi Babayan
Bol (film)	director	Shoaib Mansoor
Juggernaut (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Allan Kroeker
Relativity (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Allan Eastman
Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde	director	Roy Ward Baker
The Impossible Voyage	director	Georges Méliès
Major Dundee	director	Sam Peckinpah
National Lampoon's Gold Diggers	director	Gary Preisler
Bye Bye Blues (film)	director	Anne Wheeler
South of Wawa	director	Robert Boyd
Phileine Says Sorry	director	Robert Jan Westdijk
Proteus (2003 film)	director	John Greyson
Saint Ange	director	Pascal Laugier
Lilies (film)	director	John Greyson
Red Rock West	director	John Dahl
Dunston Checks In	director	Ken Kwapis
Sea of Love (film)	director	Harold Becker
To Paint or Make Love	director	Arnaud Larrieu
To Paint or Make Love	director	Jean-Marie Larrieu
Rings (short film)	director	Jonathan Liebesman
Bus 174	director	José Padilha
Bus 174	director	Felipe Lacerda
Serial Lover	director	James Huth
Once a Hero	director	Kevin Hooks
Once a Hero	director	Claudia Weill
Once a Hero	director	Harry Hurwitz
He Who Gets Slapped	director	Victor Sjöström
When Trumpets Fade	director	John Irvin
The Cranes Are Flying	director	Mikhail Kalatozov
The Satanic Rites of Dracula	director	Alan Gibson (director)
The Pawnshop	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Floorwalker	director	Charlie Chaplin
A Woman	director	Charlie Chaplin
By the Sea (1915 film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
A Jitney Elopement	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Pilgrim (film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Bond	director	Charlie Chaplin
Reckoning (Stargate SG-1)	director	Peter DeLuise
Moebius (Stargate SG-1)	director	Peter DeLuise
Avalon (Stargate SG-1)	director	Andy Mikita
New Order (Stargate SG-1)	director	Andy Mikita
Heroes (Stargate SG-1)	director	Andy Mikita
Redemption (Stargate SG-1)	director	Martin Wood
Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter	director	Joseph Zito
Ethics (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Chip Chalmers
Friday the 13th Part VII: The New Blood	director	John Carl Buechler
The Tramp (film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
One A.M.	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Count (film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Police (1916 film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
A World Apart (film)	director	Chris Menges
Kill Reality	director	Kathy Wetherell
Trees Lounge	director	Steve Buscemi
Animal Factory	director	Steve Buscemi
Lulu on the Bridge	director	Paul Auster
Tom-Yum-Goong	director	Prachya Pinkaew
Threads (Stargate SG-1)	director	Andy Mikita
Citizen Joe	director	Andy Mikita
Lockdown (Stargate SG-1)	director	Will Waring
Zero Hour (Stargate SG-1)	director	Peter Woeste
Grace (Stargate SG-1)	director	Peter Woeste
Virginia City (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Other Guys	director	Adam McKay
Goodbye Iowa	director	David Solomon (producer)
This Year's Girl	director	Michael Gershman (director)
Who Are You (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Joss Whedon
Gamera vs. Jiger	director	Noriaki Yuasa
Gamera vs. Jiger	director	Bret Morrison
The Greatest (1977 film)	director	Tom Gries
The Greatest (1977 film)	director	Monte Hellman
Roc (TV series)	director	Stan Daniels
Roc (TV series)	director	Stan Lathan
Undiscovered	director	Meiert Avis
Where the Wild Things Are (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Solomon (producer)
Supercross (film)	director	Steve Boyum
New Moon Rising (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	James A. Contner
Rebound (2005 film)	director	Steve Carr
Underclassman	director	Marcos Siega
Two Rode Together	director	John Ford
Nightfall (1957 film)	director	Jacques Tourneur
Jis Desh Men Ganga Behti Hai	director	Radhu Karmakar
Nearing Grace	director	Rick Rosenthal
Arcadia of My Youth	director	Tomoharu Katsumata
The Plastic Age (film)	director	Wesley Ruggles
Scandal (1950 film)	director	Akira Kurosawa
A Day's Pleasure	director	Charlie Chaplin
Shoulder Arms	director	Charlie Chaplin
A Dog's Life	director	Charlie Chaplin
Sunnyside (film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Fable of Elvira and Farina and the Meal Ticket	director	Richard Foster Baker
This Is the Night (film)	director	Frank Tuttle
The Rink (film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Terror Train	director	Roger Spottiswoode
Youngblood (1986 film)	director	Peter Markle
Arthur and the Invisibles	director	Luc Besson
One Week (1920 film)	director	Edward F. Cline
One Week (1920 film)	director	Buster Keaton
Hold That Lion!	director	Jules White
Dirty Deeds (2005 film)	director	David Kendall (director)
The Baxter	director	Michael Showalter
Back to the Future: The Ride	director	Douglas Trumbull
Michael & Me	director	Larry Elder
Thieves' Highway	director	Jules Dassin
Chisum	director	Andrew McLaglen
Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi	director	Satyen Bose (director)
Silver Lode (1954 film)	director	Allan Dwan
Julius Caesar (1953 film)	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Killing Me Softly (film)	director	Chen Kaige
The Web (film)	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
Two of a Kind (1951 film)	director	Henry Levin
Secret Beyond the Door	director	Fritz Lang
Unnatural Selection (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Skin Game	director	Paul Bogart
Skin Game	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
The Woods (2006 film)	director	Lucky McKee
Fire and Ice (1983 film)	director	Ralph Bakshi
The Alzheimer Case	director	Erik Van Looy
The World (film)	director	Jia Zhangke
Rain (1932 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
A Matter of Honor	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
The Mirror (1975 film)	director	Andrei Tarkovsky
The Man on the Roof	director	Bo Widerberg
Ebba the Movie	director	Johan Donner
The Hunters (1996 film)	director	Kjell Sundvall
Mohre	director	Raghuvir Kul
Batman: Dead End	director	Sandy Collora
Burlesque on Carmen	director	Charlie Chaplin
In the Park	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Crimson Pirate	director	Robert Siodmak
Half a Life (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Les Landau
The Vagabond (film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Sole Sisters	director	Pierre Jolivet
The Bank (1915 film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Idle Class	director	Charlie Chaplin
Triple Trouble (1918 film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Triple Trouble (1918 film)	director	Leo White
Work (1915 film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Death Hunt	director	Peter R. Hunt
When You Wish Upon a Weinstein	director	Dan Povenmire
The Mighty Celt	director	Pearse Elliot
All Night Long (1962 film)	director	Basil Dearden
Call to Glory	director	Thomas Carter (film director)
Femme Fatale (film)	director	Brian De Palma
Krush Groove	director	Michael Schultz
Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles	director	Simon Wincer
Loser (film)	director	Amy Heckerling
Shadow (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Dan Attias
Listening to Fear	director	David Solomon (producer)
Into the Woods (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Marti Noxon
Checkpoint (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Nick Marck
Blood Ties (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Michael Gershman (director)
Crush (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Dan Attias
I Was Made to Love You	director	James A. Contner
The Adventure of Sherlock Holmes' Smarter Brother	director	Gene Wilder
Flamingo Road (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Sophie Scholl – The Final Days	director	Marc Rothemund
Debating Robert Lee	director	Dan Polier
Bright Leaves (film)	director	Ross McElwee
Rock 'n' Roll High School Forever	director	Deborah Brock
The Dauphin	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Zandalee	director	Sam Pillsbury
Hey Ram	director	Kamal Haasan
Oil (The Young Ones)	director	Paul Jackson (producer)
Boring (The Young Ones)	director	Paul Jackson (producer)
Inside I'm Dancing	director	Damien O'Donnell
Brideless Groom	director	Edward Bernds
30-Second Bunnies Theatre	director	Jennifer Shiman
Cover Girl (film)	director	Charles Vidor
Color of Night	director	Richard Rush (director)
What Have We Learned, Charlie Brown?	director	Bill Melendez
Hanussen (1988 film)	director	István Szabó
Happy New Year, Charlie Brown!	director	Bill Melendez
The Third Wave (film)	director	Anders Nilsson
A Show of Force	director	Bruno Barreto
Walk, Don't Run	director	Charles Walters
Bomb (The Young Ones)	director	Paul Jackson (producer)
Interesting (The Young Ones)	director	Paul Jackson (producer)
Platform (2000 film)	director	Jia Zhangke
Flood (The Young Ones)	director	Paul Jackson (producer)
Brian the Bachelor	director	Dan Povenmire
Closely Watched Trains (film)	director	Jiří Menzel
Last Holiday (2006 film)	director	Wayne Wang
The Illusionist (2006 film)	director	Neil Burger
Madea's Family Reunion	director	Tyler Perry
Madea's Class Reunion	director	Tyler Perry
The Exorcism of Emily Rose	director	Scott Derrickson
The Neanderthal Man	director	Ewald André Dupont
The Agony and the Ecstasy (film)	director	Carol Reed
Damon and Debbie	director	Bob Carlton
Himmelskibet (film)	director	Holger-Madsen
Surviving Picasso	director	James Ivory (director)
Dr. Cyclops	director	Ernest B. Schoedsack
What a Nightmare, Charlie Brown!	director	Phil Roman
What a Nightmare, Charlie Brown!	director	Bill Melendez
It's a Mystery, Charlie Brown	director	Phil Roman
Play It Again, Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
It Was a Short Summer, Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
You're in Love, Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
There's No Time for Love, Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
Charlie Brown's All-Stars	director	Bill Melendez
He's Your Dog, Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
Be My Valentine, Charlie Brown	director	Phil Roman
You're a Good Sport, Charlie Brown	director	Phil Roman
It's Arbor Day, Charlie Brown	director	Phil Roman
It's the Easter Beagle, Charlie Brown	director	Phil Roman
A Gathering of Eagles	director	Delbert Mann
Don't Bother to Knock	director	Roy Ward Baker
Beowulf (2007 film)	director	Robert Zemeckis
It's Your First Kiss, Charlie Brown	director	Phil Roman
Revelations (Stargate SG-1)	director	Martin Wood
The Good Shepherd (film)	director	Robert De Niro
Genesis II (film)	director	John Llewellyn Moxey
Shooting at the Moon (film)	director	Jesse Richards
Shooting at the Moon (film)	director	Nicholas Watson
Everything Goes	director	Andrew Kotatko
Miami Vice (film)	director	Michael Mann (director)
Big Wars	director	Issei Kume
Big Wars	director	Toshifumi Takizawa
Nova (Dutch TV series)	director	Carel Kuyl
No Maps for These Territories	director	Mark Neale
Brass (TV series)	director	Les Chatfield
Ring of Bright Water	director	Jack Couffer
She Lives!	director	Stuart Hagmann
Evan Almighty	director	Tom Shadyac
The Brothers (1972 TV series)	director	Philip Dudley
The District Nurse	director	Peter Edwards
The District Nurse	director	Mary Ridge
Driving School	director	Francesca Joseph
Gie	director	Riri Riza
Ada Apa dengan Cinta?	director	Rudy Soedjarwo
The Giant Spider Invasion	director	Bill Rebane
The Limping Man	director	Cy Endfield
American Pie (film)	director	Paul Weitz (filmmaker)
American Pie (film)	director	Chris Weitz
Someday You'll Find Her, Charlie Brown	director	Phil Roman
You're the Greatest, Charlie Brown	director	Phil Roman
Belle Époque (film)	director	Fernando Trueba
Blackball (film)	director	Mel Smith
The Pink Panther (2006 film)	director	Shawn Levy
Opening Night	director	John Cassavetes
Snoop Dogg's Doggystyle	director	Michael Martin
Within These Walls	director	John Reardon
Within These Walls	director	Peter Moffatt
Within These Walls	director	Paul Annett (director)
Within These Walls	director	Tony Wharmby
Within These Walls	director	Jim Goddard
Within These Walls	director	Christopher Hodson
Within These Walls	director	Bill Bain (director)
Within These Walls	director	Philip Casson
Dough and Dynamite	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Lotus Eaters (TV series)	director	Cyril Coke
The Lotus Eaters (TV series)	director	Douglas Camfield
The Lotus Eaters (TV series)	director	David Cunliffe
The Lotus Eaters (TV series)	director	Viktors Ritelis
Wish Me Luck	director	Bill Hays (director)
The Nth Degree (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Legato
Street Kings	director	David Ayer
Roll Bounce	director	Malcolm D. Lee
Cindy: The Doll Is Mine	director	Bertrand Bonello
The Triumph of Hercules	director	Alberto De Martino
I Love Trouble (1994 film)	director	Charles Shyer
Hercules vs. the Moon Men	director	Giacomo Gentilomo
The Claim	director	Michael Winterbottom
The Munsters Today	director	Norman Abbott
The Munsters Today	director	Bonnie Franklin
Gangsters (TV series)	director	Alastair Reid
Gangsters (TV series)	director	Roger Tucker
Gangsters (TV series)	director	Kenneth Ives
One If by Clam, Two If by Sea	director	Dan Povenmire
Life Is a Circus, Charlie Brown	director	Phil Roman
Parineeta (2005 film)	director	Pradeep Sarkar
She's a Good Skate, Charlie Brown	director	Phil Roman
It's an Adventure, Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
A Charlie Brown Celebration	director	Bill Melendez
Happy Birthday, Charlie Brown	director	Phil Roman
Is This Goodbye, Charlie Brown?	director	Bill Melendez
Snoopy's Getting Married, Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
It's the Girl in the Red Truck, Charlie Brown	director	Walter C. Miller
Snoopy's Reunion	director	Bill Melendez
Fast Times at Buddy Cianci Jr. High	director	Pete Michels
A Man, a Real One	director	Arnaud Larrieu
A Man, a Real One	director	Jean-Marie Larrieu
Stuck Together, Torn Apart	director	Michael Dante DiMartino
Phil the Alien	director	Rob Stefaniuk
Outrageous!	director	Richard Benner
The Last Days	director	James Moll
Pepi, Luci, Bom	director	Pedro Almodóvar
Crocodile Shoes	director	David Richards
Crocodile Shoes	director	Robert Knights
Crocodile Shoes	director	Malcolm Mowbray
Crocodile Shoes	director	Jimmy Nail
The Head of Janus	director	F. W. Murnau
Tomba! 2: The Evil Swine Return	director	Kuniaki Kakuwa
For Love or Money (1993 film)	director	Barry Sonnenfeld
For Love or Money (TV series)	director	Brian Smith
Glenview High	director	Rod Hardy
Time of the Wolf	director	Michael Haneke
Colour Me Kubrick	director	Brian W. Cook
Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo	director	Trey Parker
Mr. Hankey, the Christmas Poo	director	Matt Stone
A Damsel in Distress (film)	director	George Stevens
Love Stinks (film)	director	Jeff Franklin
Rollover (film)	director	Alan J. Pakula
Highwaymen (film)	director	Robert Harmon
The Saragossa Manuscript (film)	director	Wojciech Jerzy Has
8 Women	director	François Ozon
One Million B.C.	director	Hal Roach
One Million B.C.	director	Hal Roach, Jr.
8 Simple Rules for Buying My Teenage Daughter	director	Greg Colton
Phantasm II	director	Don Coscarelli
Scotland, PA	director	Billy Morrissette
The Hucksters	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Echo Point	director	Helen Gaynor
Echo Point	director	Steve Mann
Chickenlover	director	Trey Parker
Heartbreak High	director	Dan Burstall
Heartbreak High	director	Mandy Smith
Welcome Mr. Marshall!	director	Luis García Berlanga
Murmur of the Heart	director	Louis Malle
Tekken (1990 film)	director	Junji Sakamoto
The Adventures of Teddy Ruxpin	director	Chris Schouten
Rockin' in the Rockies	director	Vernon Keays
Death Lives	director	Rob Renzetti
The Kiss Seen Around the World	director	Pete Michels
Idiocracy	director	Mike Judge
Three Men and a Little Lady	director	Emile Ardolino
Bluey (TV series)	director	Graeme Arthur
Bluey (TV series)	director	Gary Conway
Bluey (TV series)	director	George Miller
Bluey (TV series)	director	Kevin James Dobson
Bluey (TV series)	director	David Stevens (screenwriter)
Ziegfeld Follies (film)	director	Lemuel Ayers
Ziegfeld Follies (film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
Ziegfeld Follies (film)	director	Robert Lewis
Ziegfeld Follies (film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Ziegfeld Follies (film)	director	Merrill Pye
Ziegfeld Follies (film)	director	George Sidney
Ziegfeld Follies (film)	director	Charles Waters
Salome of the Tenements	director	Sidney Olcott
How Stella Got Her Groove Back	director	Kevin Rodney Sullivan
From Beijing with Love	director	Lee Lik-chi
From Beijing with Love	director	Stephen Chow
I manegen med Glenn Killing	director	Walter Söderlund
A Stranger Came Home	director	Terence Fisher
The Flame Trees of Thika (TV series)	director	Roy Ward Baker
The Waterdance	director	Neal Jimenez
The Waterdance	director	Michael Steinberg
American Pie Presents: Band Camp	director	Steve Rash
Don't Make Me Over (Family Guy)	director	Sarah Frost
Flop Show	director	Jaspal Bhatti
The Triangle Factory Fire Scandal	director	Mel Stuart
All for the Winner	director	Jeffrey Lau
All for the Winner	director	Corey Yuen
The Truth About Love	director	John Hay (director)
Nothing to Lose (1997 film)	director	Steve Oedekerk
Ratcatcher (film)	director	Lynne Ramsay
The Pink Panther (1963 film)	director	Blake Edwards
A Nero Wolfe Mystery	director	John L'Ecuyer
A Nero Wolfe Mystery	director	Timothy Hutton
A Nero Wolfe Mystery	director	Holly Dale
A Nero Wolfe Mystery	director	James Tolkan
Demolition (The Young Ones)	director	Paul Jackson (producer)
The Harlem Globetrotters Popcorn Machine	director	Tony Mordente
Border Incident	director	Anthony Mann
Leatherface: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III	director	Jeff Burr
Human Traffic	director	Justin Kerrigan
Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!	director	William Hanna
Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!	director	Joseph Barbera
Salmonberries	director	Percy Adlon
Wicked Little Things	director	J. S. Cardone
Destiny (1921 film)	director	Fritz Lang
Highlander: The Search for Vengeance	director	Yoshiaki Kawajiri
Once Upon a Forest	director	Charles Grosvenor
Hope and Glory (TV series)	director	Juliet May
Paycheck (film)	director	John Woo
1990 (TV series)	director	Roger Tucker
Sangharsh (1999 film)	director	Tanuja Chandra
Takeshis'	director	Takeshi Kitano
Frank's Place	director	Neema Barnette
Frank's Place	director	Stan Lathan
Frank's Place	director	Hugh Wilson (director)
The Killing of Sister George	director	Robert Aldrich
The Great Yokai War	director	Takashi Miike
Red Dust	director	Victor Fleming
The Joy of Life	director	Jenni Olson
The New Scooby and Scrappy-Doo Show	director	Ray Patterson
The Fighting 69th	director	William Keighley
D.A.F.T.: A Story About Dogs, Androids, Firemen and Tomatoes	director	Michel Gondry
D.A.F.T.: A Story About Dogs, Androids, Firemen and Tomatoes	director	Roman Coppola
D.A.F.T.: A Story About Dogs, Androids, Firemen and Tomatoes	director	Spike Jonze
D.A.F.T.: A Story About Dogs, Androids, Firemen and Tomatoes	director	Daft Punk
Tai-Pan (film)	director	Daryl Duke
Get Rich or Die Tryin' (film)	director	Jim Sheridan
The Land Before Time IV: Journey Through the Mists	director	Roy Allen Smith
The Cowboys	director	Mark Rydell
Summit (The Outer Limits)	director	James Head
Le Dîner de Cons (film)	director	Francis Veber
You'll Never Get Rich	director	Sidney Lanfield
Police Rescue	director	Michael Carson (television director)
Police Rescue  : The Movie   1	director	Michael Carson (television director)
Swing Girls	director	Shinobu Yaguchi
Cruel Intentions 2	director	Roger Kumble
The Tin Star	director	Anthony Mann
Daltry Calhoun	director	Katrina Holden Bronson
The 13 Ghosts of Scooby-Doo	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
The 13 Ghosts of Scooby-Doo	director	Oscar Dufau
The 13 Ghosts of Scooby-Doo	director	Arthur Davis (animator)
The 13 Ghosts of Scooby-Doo	director	Alan Zaslove
The Care Bears' Big Wish Movie	director	Larry Jacobs
The Care Bears' Big Wish Movie	director	Ron Pitts (director)
Metro (1997 film)	director	Thomas Carter (film director)
Phoenix 2772	director	Taku Sugiyama
Willie Dynamite	director	Gilbert Moses
King of Comedy (1999 film)	director	Stephen Chow
King of Comedy (1999 film)	director	Lee Lik-chi
My World (video)	director	Hamish Hamilton
Down and Dirty Duck	director	Charles Swenson
Love on a Diet	director	Johnnie To
Love on a Diet	director	Wai Ka-Fai
Iceman (film)	director	Fred Schepisi
The Thief (2005 film)	director	Matt Spease
Oscar (1991 film)	director	John Landis
Panic in Year Zero!	director	Ray Milland
Be with Me	director	Eric Khoo
In the Name of the King: A Dungeon Siege Tale	director	Uwe Boll
Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection	director	Voice acting
Out of the Darkness (film)	director	Jud Taylor
16 Years of Alcohol	director	Richard Jobson (television presenter)
-30- (film)	director	Jack Webb
The Murder Man	director	Tim Whelan
The Old Dark House	director	James Whale
Tom and Jerry: The Magic Ring	director	James Tim Walker
Arabesque (film)	director	Stanley Donen
The Scarlet Claw	director	Roy William Neill
The Pearl of Death	director	Roy William Neill
Caged Heat	director	Jonathan Demme
Waterboys (film)	director	Shinobu Yaguchi
Single White Female	director	Barbet Schroeder
Mula Sa Puso	director	Wenn V. Deramas
Mula Sa Puso	director	Ruel S. Bayani
Mula Sa Puso	director	Khryss Adalia
Opernball (film)	director	Urs Egger
Secret Honor	director	Robert Altman
Lawyer Lawyer	director	Joe Ma (film director)
Forbidden City Cop	director	Vincent Kok
Forbidden City Cop	director	Stephen Chow
Polished	director	Ed Gass-Donnelly
Shooting Pains	director	David Croft (TV producer)
Operation Kilt	director	David Croft (TV producer)
Blue Dragon	director	Takuya Matsumoto
The Collaborator	director	Cliff Bole
Saturday Night with Miriam	director	Patrick Cowap
The Untold Story	director	Herman Yau
Dad (film)	director	Gary David Goldberg
Disclosure (film)	director	Barry Levinson
The Drowning Pool (film)	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Cow Days	director	Trey Parker
Dying Young	director	Joel Schumacher
The White Shadow	director	Thomas Carter (film director)
The White Shadow	director	Jackie Cooper
The White Shadow	director	Marc Norman
The White Shadow	director	Bruce Paltrow
The White Shadow	director	Mark Tinker
The White Shadow	director	Virgil W. Vogel
Big Business (1988 film)	director	Jim Abrahams
Emma (1996 film)	director	Douglas McGrath
Medic (TV series)	director	Worthington Miner
Medic (TV series)	director	John Brahm
Medic (TV series)	director	Ted Post
Frankenstein Unbound	director	Roger Corman
Monkeybone	director	Henry Selick
Boudu Saved from Drowning	director	Jean Renoir
The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford	director	Andrew Dominik
The Shiralee (1957 film)	director	Les Norman
Sins of the Father (film)	director	Robert Dornhelm
Vengeance Is Mine (1979 film)	director	Shōhei Imamura
Born to Fight (2004 film)	director	Panna Rittikrai
Modern Problems	director	Ken Shapiro
The Getaway (1994 film)	director	Roger Donaldson
Human Cargo	director	Brad Turner (director)
The Villain (1979 film)	director	Hal Needham
Time of Favor	director	Joseph Cedar
Kippur	director	Amos Gitai
Kadosh	director	Amos Gitai
The Tao of Steve	director	Jenniphr Goodman
Broken Wings (film)	director	Nir Bergman
The Quarrel	director	Eli Cohen (actor)
The Exterminating Angel (film)	director	Luis Buñuel
Alila	director	Amos Gitai
Kedma (film)	director	Amos Gitai
Lord of War	director	Andrew Niccol
Crustacés et Coquillages	director	Olivier Ducastel
Crustacés et Coquillages	director	Jacques Martineau
The Producers (2005 film)	director	Susan Stroman
The Thing About My Folks	director	Raymond De Felitta
Hellbent	director	Paul Etheredge-Ouzts
Where the Truth Lies	director	Atom Egoyan
Waking Moments	director	Alexander Singer
Cry Wolf (2005 film)	director	Jeff Wadlow
Photographing Fairies	director	Nick Willing
Woman on Top	director	Fina Torres
Rita, Sue and Bob Too	director	Alan Clarke
Freddie as F.R.O.7	director	Jon Acevski
North Dallas Forty	director	Ted Kotcheff
The Hazards of Helen	director	J. P. McGowan
The Hazards of Helen	director	James Davis (director)
Jane Eyre (1996 film)	director	Franco Zeffirelli
Jane Eyre (1943 film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Jane Eyre (1970 film)	director	Delbert Mann
Jane Eyre (1983 TV serial)	director	Julian Charles Becket Amyes
Michael and Mary	director	Victor Saville
Pride and Prejudice (1940 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Pride & Prejudice: A Latter-Day Comedy	director	Andrew Black (film director)
The Late Captain Pierce	director	Alan Alda
The Air Up There	director	Paul Michael Glaser
As White as in Snow	director	Jan Troell
Man's Favorite Sport?	director	Howard Hawks
Their Eyes Were Watching God (film)	director	Darnell Martin
How to Eat with Your Butt	director	Trey Parker
Kontroll	director	Nimród Antal
Evita (film)	director	Alan Parker
Water (2005 film)	director	Deepa Mehta
The Plank (1967 film)	director	Eric Sykes
You Were Never Lovelier	director	William A. Seiter
Zodiac (film)	director	David Fincher
Manthan	director	Shyam Benegal
Pyaasa	director	Guru Dutt
The Fiend Who Walked the West	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Around the Bend	director	Jordan Roberts
Eros (film)	director	Wong Kar-wai
Eros (film)	director	Steven Soderbergh
Eros (film)	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
We Don't Live Here Anymore	director	John Curran (director)
L'Alpagueur	director	Philippe Labro
The Iron Maiden	director	Gerald Thomas
The Burmese Harp (1956 film)	director	Kon Ichikawa
The Rolling Stones Rock and Roll Circus (album)	director	Michael Lindsay-Hogg
Desire (1921 film)	director	F. W. Murnau
Jaan-E-Mann	director	Shirish Kunder
Without My Daughter	director	Alexis Kouros
A Lad from Old Ireland	director	Sidney Olcott
My Brother and Me	director	Adam Weissman
Space Sentinels	director	Hal Sutherland
Two for the Money (film)	director	D. J. Caruso
A Ladder to Heaven	director	Trey Parker
Breaking Bonaduce	director	Mark Jacobs (director)
Versus (film)	director	Ryuhei Kitamura
Good Night, and Good Luck	director	George Clooney
The Duellists	director	Ridley Scott
Dusty's Trail	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Dusty's Trail	director	Earl Bellamy
Dusty's Trail	director	Bruce Bilson
Dusty's Trail	director	Russ Mayberry
Dusty's Trail	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Meatballs Part II	director	Ken Wiederhorn
Invisible Ghost	director	Joseph H. Lewis
A Woman to Remember	director	Bob Steele (actor)
Lying Lips (film)	director	Oscar Micheaux
Garçon stupide	director	Lionel Baier
The Fugitive (1947 film)	director	John Ford
The Fugitive (1947 film)	director	Emilio Fernández
Wonder Man (film)	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Flight 29 Down	director	Steve De Jarnatt
Flight 29 Down	director	D. J. MacHale
Flight 29 Down	director	Tim O'Donnell (director)
Moderna Museet	director	Daniel Birnbaum
The War at Home (TV series)	director	Andy Cadiff
The Firemen's Ball	director	Miloš Forman
Vor-Tech: Undercover Conversion Squad	director	Susan Blu
Deep Rising	director	Stephen Sommers
Fat Camp (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Vai que é Mole	director	J.B. Tanko
Jail Bait (1954 film)	director	Ed Wood
State Property 2	director	Damon Dash
Quicksand (1950 film)	director	Irving Pichel
One Man's Hero	director	Lance Hool
Neighbours (film)	director	Norman McLaren
Hag in a Black Leather Jacket	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
Audrey Rose (film)	director	Robert Wise
Memoirs of an Invisible Man (film)	director	John Carpenter
Grand Canyon (1991 film)	director	Lawrence Kasdan
Little Giants	director	Duwayne Dunham
Kuffs	director	Bruce A. Evans
My Antonia (film)	director	Joseph Sargent
Ring: The Final Chapter	director	Fukumoto Yoshito
The Smurfs (film)	director	Raja Gosnell
Without Warning!	director	Arnold Laven
Black Friday (1940 film)	director	Arthur Lubin
Flesh and the Devil	director	Clarence Brown
Dickie Roberts: Former Child Star	director	Sam Weisman
Kinky Boots (film)	director	Julian Jarrold
The Invisible Man Returns	director	Joe May
Diplomatic Academy of Vienna	director	Hans Winkler
Rice Rhapsody	director	Kenneth Bi
The 13th Letter	director	Otto Preminger
Lapin kullan kimallus	director	Åke Lindman
The Reckless Moment	director	Max Ophüls
Devi (1960 film)	director	Satyajit Ray
The Hole (1998 film)	director	Tsai Ming-liang
Aranyer Din Ratri	director	Satyajit Ray
What Time Is It There?	director	Tsai Ming-liang
Parineeta (1942 film)	director	Pashupati Chatterjee
Parineeta (1953 film)	director	Bimal Roy
Parineeta (1969 film)	director	Ajoy Kar
Chickenpox (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Ghare Baire (film)	director	Satyajit Ray
Voces inocentes	director	Luis Mandoki
Such a Long Journey (film)	director	Sturla Gunnarsson
The Prophecy: Forsaken	director	Joel Soisson
So Long, Stooge	director	Claude Berri
The Man Without a Face	director	Mel Gibson
Koshish	director	Gulzar
Screwed the Pooch	director	Pete Michels
Missing in Action (film)	director	Joseph Zito
The Invisible Woman	director	A. Edward Sutherland
When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth	director	Val Guest
Contagion (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Joseph L. Scanlan
A Canção de Lisboa	director	José Cottinelli Telmo
Nina's Tragedies	director	Savi Gavison
Red River Valley (1997 film)	director	Feng Xiaoning
Our Hospitality	director	Buster Keaton
Our Hospitality	director	John G. Blystone
Kaviratna Kalidasa	director	Renuka Sharma
Sinbad and the Eye of the Tiger	director	Sam Wanamaker
Three the Hard Way (film)	director	Gordon Parks, Jr.
Bollywood/Hollywood	director	Deepa Mehta
The Bet (film)	director	Didier Bourdon
The Bet (film)	director	Bernard Campan
Little Fish (film)	director	Rowan Woods
Rapa Nui (film)	director	Kevin Reynolds (director)
Poseidon (film)	director	Wolfgang Petersen
Quigley Down Under	director	Simon Wincer
Sheba, Baby	director	William Girdler
Timebomb (1991 film)	director	Avi Nesher
Invisible Agent	director	Edwin L. Marin
Lavender Castle	director	Chris Taylor
War Crimes (film)	director	Michael G. Thomas
War Crimes (film)	director	Nick S. Thomas
The Icarus Factor	director	Robert Iscove
A. B. and C.	director	Pat Jackson
Pen Pals (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood (film)	director	Callie Khouri
La Vie Sur Terre	director	Abderrahmane Sissako
Monster House (film)	director	Gil Kenan
The First Traveling Saleslady	director	Arthur Lubin
Amends	director	Joss Whedon
Peter's Got Woods	director	Zac Moncrief
The Third Wheel (film)	director	Jordan Brady
The Alternative Factor	director	Gerd Oswald
Shooting the Past	director	Stephen Poliakoff
What Happened to Mary?	director	Charles Brabin
We Are Not Angels	director	Srđan Dragojević
Soldier of Fortune (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Curious George (film)	director	Matthew O'Callaghan
Charlotte's Web (2006 film)	director	Gary Winick
The Survivors (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Les Landau
The Unsuspected	director	Michael Curtiz
Eight Below	director	Frank Marshall (film producer)
The Shaggy Dog (2006 film)	director	Brian Robbins
Hey Good Lookin' (film)	director	Ralph Bakshi
Ginrin	director	Genichiro Higuchi
Ginrin	director	Masao Yabe
Employee of the Month (2004 film)	director	Mitch Rouse
A Christmas Carol (1971 film)	director	Richard Williams (animator)
The Big Easy (film)	director	Jim McBride
Marie Antoinette (2006 film)	director	Sofia Coppola
Look Both Ways	director	Sarah Watt
Journey's End (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Corey Allen
The Sky's the Limit (film)	director	Edward H. Griffith
The Adventures of Kathlyn	director	Francis J. Grandon
They Won't Believe Me	director	Irving Pichel
Double Whoopee	director	Lewis R. Foster
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 2: Cousin Eddie's Island Adventure	director	Nick Macris
Villains (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Solomon (producer)
Juggernaut (film)	director	Richard Lester
Perfect Castaway	director	James Purdum
Little Women (1978 film)	director	David Lowell Rich
The Black Cat (1941 film)	director	Albert S. Rogell
Abbott and Costello Meet the Invisible Man	director	Charles Lamont
Jungle Book (1942 film)	director	Zoltan Korda
Red Sun	director	Terence Young (director)
Shunkinshō (film)	director	Katsumi Nishikawa
Americathon	director	Neal Israel
Wolf Creek (film)	director	Greg McLean
The Black Dahlia (film)	director	Brian De Palma
Imaginary Friend (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
Die Supernasen	director	Dieter Pröttel
Moon 44	director	Roland Emmerich
Supernova (2000 film)	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Supernova (2000 film)	director	Alan Smithee
Supernova (2000 film)	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Supernova (2000 film)	director	Jack Sholder
Dancing Lady	director	Robert Z. Leonard
When the Raven Flies	director	Hrafn Gunnlaugsson
The Day of the Beast (film)	director	Álex de la Iglesia
Murder at 1600	director	Dwight H. Little
Carnival Story	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
Android (film)	director	Aaron Lipstadt
Solar Crisis (film)	director	Richard C. Sarafian
Nobody Lives Forever (film)	director	Jean Negulesco
Howling III	director	Philippe Mora
Satan Met a Lady	director	William Dieterle
Show Boat (1936 film)	director	James Whale
One False Move	director	Carl Franklin
Bhaji on the Beach	director	Gurinder Chadha
Biwi No.1	director	David Dhawan
The Unholy Wife	director	John Farrow
The Chosen One: Legend of the Raven	director	Lawrence Lanoff
The Noah's Ark Principle	director	Roland Emmerich
Dark Page	director	Les Landau
The Benchwarmers	director	Dennis Dugan
The Shock (1923 film)	director	Lambert Hillyer
A Night in Heaven	director	John G. Avildsen
A Tale of Two Cities (1911 film)	director	William J. Humphrey
The Tune	director	Bill Plympton
Gamera 3: Awakening of Irys	director	Shusuke Kaneko
The Filth and the Fury	director	Julien Temple
Ljeto u zlatnoj dolini	director	Srđan Vuletić
Quarterback Princess	director	Noel Black
Hurry Sundown (film)	director	Otto Preminger
The Sniper (1952 film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio	director	Jane Anderson
Night and the City (1992 film)	director	Irwin Winkler
That's Entertainment, Part II	director	Gene Kelly
Paranoiac (1963 film)	director	Freddie Francis
Nightmare (1964 film)	director	Freddie Francis
Roswell (film)	director	Jeremy Kagan
Overnight Delivery	director	Jason Bloom (director)
I Step Through Moscow	director	Georgi Daneliya
The Woman in Red (1984 film)	director	Gene Wilder
Model Misbehavior	director	Sarah Frost
Brown Sugar (2002 film)	director	Rick Famuyiwa
Pretty Village, Pretty Flame	director	Srđan Dragojević
Pardes (film)	director	Subhash Ghai
The Naked Kiss	director	Samuel Fuller
Into the Labyrinth (TV series)	director	Peter Graham Scott
Possessed (2000 film)	director	Steven E. de Souza
Bob the Butler	director	Gary Sinyor
Ultraman Max	director	Shusuke Kaneko
Ultraman Max	director	Hirochika Muraishi
Ultraman Max	director	Kengo Kaji
Ultraman Max	director	Futoshi Sato
Ultraman Max	director	Takeshi Yagi
Ultraman Max	director	Takashi Miike
Ultraman Max	director	Hideaki Murakami
Ultraman Max	director	Akio Jissoji
Ultraman Max	director	Hiroaki Tochihara
Ultraman Max	director	Toshiyuki Takano
Ultraman Max	director	Toshihiro Iijima
Ultraman Max	director	Kenji Suzuki
Brokedown Palace	director	Jonathan Kaplan
House of 9	director	Steven R. Monroe
Tatie Danielle	director	Étienne Chatiliez
Bedrooms and Hallways	director	Rose Troche
Waterloo Bridge (1940 film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Morgenrot (film)	director	Vernon Sewell
Happiness Is in the Field	director	Étienne Chatiliez
The Clash: Westway to the World	director	Don Letts
Nighthawks (film)	director	Bruce Malmuth
Carson City (1952 film)	director	André de Toth
XChange (film)	director	Allan Moyle
The Secret of NIMH 2: Timmy to the Rescue	director	Dick Sebast
Shadow Builder	director	Jamie Dixon
Circle of Love (film)	director	Roger Vadim
Creature (1985 film)	director	William Malone (director)
The Baker Street Boys	director	Marilyn Fox
The Baker Street Boys	director	Michael Kerrigan
Powder (film)	director	Victor Salva
The People Against O'Hara	director	John Sturges
Pat and Mike	director	George Cukor
The Offspring (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Jonathan Frakes
Vulgar (film)	director	Bryan Johnson (filmmaker)
Swimming (film)	director	Robert J. Siegel
The Other Side of the Bed	director	Emilio Martínez Lázaro
The Keys to the House	director	Gianni Amelio
Watermelon Man (film)	director	Melvin Van Peebles
Bonjour Monsieur Shlomi	director	Shemi Zarhin
Tittybangbang	director	Bob Mortimer
The Girl in Question	director	David Greenwalt
Soup to Nuts	director	Benjamin Stoloff
The Brasher Doubloon	director	John Brahm
Pathfinder (1987 film)	director	Nils Gaup
Fatso (1980 film)	director	Anne Bancroft
Van Abbemuseum	director	Charles Esche
Suicide Club (film)	director	Sion Sono
Bruce Lee and I	director	John Law (film director)
I'll Remember April (film)	director	Bob Clark
Alles auf Zucker!	director	Dani Levy
Buck Rogers in the 25th Century (TV series)  Buck Rogers in the 25th Century   1	director	Daniel Haller
The Flying Car	director	Kevin Smith
Ladies in Lavender	director	Charles Dance
Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation	director	Kim Henkel
La Chienne	director	Jean Renoir
The Story of a Three-Day Pass	director	Melvin Van Peebles
Don't Play Us Cheap	director	Melvin Van Peebles
Identity Crisis (film)	director	Melvin Van Peebles
Big Girls Don't Cry (film)	director	Maria von Heland
License to Drive	director	Greg Beeman
Death Line	director	Gary Sherman (director)
No Direction Home	director	Martin Scorsese
Civil Defense (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Reza Badiyi
Timecode (film)	director	Mike Figgis
The Love Eterne	director	Li Han-hsiang
Farz (2001 film)	director	Raj Kanwar
Dil Hai Tumhaara	director	Kundan Shah
Moon Over Miami (film)	director	Walter Lang
Brick (film)	director	Rian Johnson
Memento (film)	director	Christopher Nolan
To Sir, with Love II	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Lord Have Mercy!	director	Frances-Anne Solomon
The Big Stuffed Dog	director	Robert Fuest
Girls Will Be Girls (film)	director	Richard Day (writer)
Wheelie and the Chopper Bunch	director	Charles August Nichols
Straight-Jacket	director	Richard Day (writer)
Malevolence (film)	director	Stevan Mena
Dragon Eye Congee	director	Chang Kuo-fu
Kept and Dreamless	director	Martín De Salvo
Kept and Dreamless	director	Vera Fogwill
The Gift (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Joss Whedon
Trojan War (film)	director	George Huang (director)
Megalopolis Expressway Trial	director	Katsuji Kanazawa
Megalopolis Expressway Trial	director	Shuji Kataoka
Megalopolis Expressway Trial	director	Yoshihiro Tsukada
Megalopolis Expressway Trial	director	Yoshihiro Tsukada
Megalopolis Expressway Trial	director	Yoshihiro Tsukada
Royal Wedding	director	Stanley Donen
Berlin Express	director	Jacques Tourneur
The Black Scorpion (film)	director	Edward Ludwig
Sleepstalker	director	Turi Meyer
Nathalie...	director	Anne Fontaine (filmmaker)
Bolshevism on Trial	director	Harley Knoles
A Kiss on the Nose	director	Laura Neri
Big Momma's House 2	director	John Whitesell
Happily N'Ever After	director	Paul J. Bolger
The Prophecy II	director	Greg Spence
The Prophecy 3: The Ascent	director	Patrick Lussier
North Sea Hijack	director	Andrew McLaglen
Martha, Inc.: The Story of Martha Stewart	director	Jason Ensler
Phantasms (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Patrick Stewart
No Good Deed	director	Bob Rafelson
11:14	director	Greg Marcks
She's the Man	director	Andy Fickman
Fun with Dick and Jane (2005 film)	director	Dean Parisot
Happy, Texas (film)	director	Mark Illsley
Frankenstein, Jr. and The Impossibles	director	William Hanna
Frankenstein, Jr. and The Impossibles	director	Joseph Barbera
The Atom Ant/Secret Squirrel Show	director	William Hanna
The Atom Ant/Secret Squirrel Show	director	Joseph Barbera
Thelonious Monk: Straight, No Chaser	director	Charlotte Zwerin
Free Jimmy	director	Christopher Nielsen
Scorchers (film)	director	David Beaird
Goal! (film)	director	Danny Cannon
S.F.W.	director	Jefery Levy
Mulholland Falls	director	Lee Tamahori
Playing God (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	David Livingston
One (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
Young at Heart (1954 film)	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Accused of Murder	director	Joseph Kane
Diggers (film)	director	Katherine Dieckmann
Chinthavishtayaya Shyamala	director	Sreenivasan (actor)
Idle Hands	director	Rodman Flender
Krazy Kripples	director	Trey Parker
Shame (1968 film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
Kirikou and the Sorceress	director	Michel Ocelot
Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree	director	Wolfgang Reitherman
Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day	director	Wolfgang Reitherman
Winnie the Pooh and Tigger Too	director	John Lounsbery
Border Radio	director	Allison Anders
Border Radio	director	Dean Lent
Border Radio	director	Kurt Voss
Carlito's Way: Rise to Power	director	Michael Bregman
The Guilty (1947 film)	director	John Reinhardt
3-2-1 Penguins!	director	Tod Carter
3-2-1 Penguins!	director	Tim Hodge
Trapped (1949 film)	director	Richard Fleischer
The Invisible Ray (1936 film)	director	Lambert Hillyer
Baaghi (2000 film)	director	Rajesh Kumar Singh
Patthar Ke Phool	director	Anant Balani
Love (1991 film)	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
In Custody (1993 film)	director	Ismail Merchant
Aitraaz	director	Abbas-Mustan
Teen Kanya	director	Satyajit Ray
The Linguini Incident	director	Richard Shepard
Science Court	director	Loren Bouchard
Science Court	director	Tom Snyder (animator)
The Yoko Factor	director	David Grossman (director)
Three on a Match	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Arthur 2: On the Rocks	director	Bud Yorkin
Rent-A-Cop	director	Jerry London
The Thing with Two Heads	director	Lee Frost
Seputar Indonesia	director	Arief Suditomo
Battles Without Honor and Humanity	director	Kinji Fukasaku
The Audition (short film)	director	Chad Lowe
Aitbaar	director	Mukul S. Anand
Garam Masala (film)	director	Priyadarshan
The Glass Wall	director	Maxwell Shane
Woman on the Run	director	Norman Foster (director)
Greenfingers	director	Joel Hershman
The Last American Virgin	director	Boaz Davidson
That Midnight Kiss	director	Norman Taurog
Topper (TV series)	director	Richard L. Bare
Topper (TV series)	director	Leslie Goodwins
Topper (TV series)	director	Lew Landers
Topper (TV series)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Topper (TV series)	director	Philip Rapp
Troll 2	director	Claudio Fragasso
Troll 2  Best Worst Movie   1	director	Michael Stephenson
Primeval (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	James A. Contner
El Intruso	director	Guillermo Álvarez
Bolero (1984 film)	director	John Derek
Atlantis, the Lost Continent	director	George Pal
The Dark Mirror (film)	director	Robert Siodmak
I, the Jury (1982 film)	director	Richard T. Heffron
War and Peace (1965 film)	director	Sergei Bondarchuk
Sweet Sixteen (2002 film)	director	Ken Loach
Anna in Kungfuland	director	Raymond Yip
Seoul Raiders	director	Jingle Ma
Because You're Mine	director	Alexander Hall
Mouna Raagam	director	Mani Ratnam
Alexandre le bienheureux	director	Yves Robert
A.T.F.	director	Dean Parisot
The Holiday	director	Nancy Meyers
Wordplay (The Twilight Zone)	director	Wes Craven
Will the Real Jerry Lewis Please Sit Down	director	Hal Sutherland
The Secret Lives of Waldo Kitty	director	Hal Sutherland
Runaway (1984 film)	director	Michael Crichton
The Gospel (film)	director	Rob Hardy
Birth of a Nation (1982 film)	director	Mike Newell (director)
Meego (TV series)	director	Rich Correll
Meego (TV series)	director	Joel Zwick
Clues (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Les Landau
The Firm (1988 television film)	director	Alan Clarke
A Low Down Dirty Shame	director	Keenen Ivory Wayans
Holiday in the Sun (film)	director	Steve Purcell
Auto Focus	director	Paul Schrader
Cartman's Mom Is a Dirty Slut	director	Trey Parker
3 Women	director	Robert Altman
The Who, What, or Where Game	director	Dick Schneider
Major League Baseball on NBC	director	Harry Coyle
Major League Baseball on NBC	director	Andy Rosenberg
Major League Baseball on NBC	director	John Gonzalez
Major League Baseball on NBC	director	Doug Grabert
Major League Baseball on NBC	director	Bucky Gunts
Jism (film)	director	Amit Saxena
Ayyam El Sadat	director	Mohamed Khan
In Search of Santa	director	William R. Kowalchuk
Foodfight!	director	Larry Kasanoff
The Maddening	director	Danny Huston
Life in a... Metro	director	Anurag Basu
The Cider House Rules (film)	director	Lasse Hallström
Gone with the Wind (film)	director	Victor Fleming
Gone with the Wind (film)	director	George Cukor
Gone with the Wind (film)	director	Sam Wood
Roadgames	director	Richard Franklin (director)
Stanley Kubrick: A Life in Pictures	director	Jan Harlan
Barsaat (2005 film)	director	Suneel Darshan
Willy the Sparrow	director	József Gémes
Homo Erectus (film)	director	Adam Rifkin
Prime (film)	director	Ben Younger
Buffalo Soldiers (film)	director	Gregor Jordan
Everlasting Regret	director	Stanley Kwan
The Batman vs. Dracula	director	Sam Liu
The Batman vs. Dracula	director	Seung Eun Kim
The Prestige (film)	director	Christopher Nolan
Aquila (TV series)	director	David Bell (television)
Bombay to Goa	director	S. Ramanathan
Barnyard (film)	director	Steve Oedekerk
Shaping Up	director	Michael Lessac
Poison Ivy II: Lily	director	Anne Goursaud
Gold Diggers of 1933	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Family (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Les Landau
Infamous (film)	director	Douglas McGrath
The Crossing (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Livingston
Canamar	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
Future Tense (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
Cease Fire (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Straiton
Dawn (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Roxann Dawson
Stigma (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Livingston
Surf's Up (film)	director	Ash Brannon
Surf's Up (film)	director	Chris Buck
Love & Basketball	director	Gina Prince-Bythewood
Nadja (film)	director	Michael Almereyda
Call to Arms (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Allan Kroeker
Saving Face (film)	director	Alice Wu
Love Jones (film)	director	Theodore Witcher
Wait 'til You're Older	director	Teddy Chan
They (2002 film)	director	Robert Harmon
Tammy (TV series)	director	Leslie Goodwins
Tammy (TV series)	director	Sidney Miller
The Belle of New York	director	Charles Walters
Grim Tales	director	Bob Baldwin
White Christmas (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Star Wreck: In the Pirkinning	director	Timo Vuorensola
The Doberman Gang	director	Byron Chudnow
Prison Song	director	Darnell Martin
The Bay of Love and Sorrows	director	Tim Southam
A Man Escaped	director	Robert Bresson
Grindhouse (film)	director	Robert Rodriguez
Grindhouse (film)	director	Quentin Tarantino
Grindhouse (film)	director	Robert Rodriguez
Grindhouse (film)	director	Rob Zombie
Grindhouse (film)	director	Edgar Wright
Grindhouse (film)	director	Eli Roth
Apoorva Raagangal	director	K. Balachander
Nobel Son	director	Randall Miller
Solo (1996 film)	director	Norberto Barba
Life with Bonnie	director	John Bowab
Life with Bonnie	director	Bonnie Hunt
The Land That Time Forgot (1975 film)	director	Kevin Connor (director)
The Way Ahead	director	Carol Reed
Stanley & Iris	director	Martin Ritt
Children of the Corn II: The Final Sacrifice	director	David Price
The Time Machine (1960 film)	director	George Pal
Eyes of Laura Mars	director	Irvin Kershner
Karen (1964 TV series)	director	Earl Bellamy
My Geisha	director	Jack Cardiff
Night Falls on Manhattan	director	Sidney Lumet
Something Like Happiness	director	Bohdan Sláma
Sunchaser	director	Michael Cimino
Punisher: War Zone	director	Lexi Alexander
The Goddess of 1967	director	Clara Law
Mystery, Alaska	director	Jay Roach
Snow White (1916 film)	director	J. Searle Dawley
Children of the Corn III: Urban Harvest	director	James D.R. Hickox
Michael Lucas' Dangerous Liaisons	director	Michael Lucas (director)
Snakes on a Plane	director	David R. Ellis
101 (album)  101   1	director	D. A. Pennebaker
Amateur (film)	director	Hal Hartley
The Cup	director	Dzongsar Jamyang Khyentse Rinpoche
Alice in Wonderland (1903 film)	director	Cecil Hepworth
Black Fist (film)	director	The Lord of the Rings (1978 film)
Black Fist (film)	director	Richard Kaye
Tokyo Raiders	director	Jingle Ma
The NeverEnding Story (film)	director	Wolfgang Petersen
Child Abduction Is Not Funny	director	Trey Parker
Derek and Clive Get the Horn	director	Russell Mulcahy
Night of the Demon (1980 film)	director	James C. Wasson
Xtro	director	Harry Bromley Davenport
Hinokio	director	Takahiko Akiyama
Hippies (TV series)	director	Martin Dennis
The Desert Fox: The Story of Rommel	director	Henry Hathaway
You Could Drive a Person Crazy	director	David Grossman (director)
Next (Desperate Housewives)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Toilet Paper (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Manjil Virinja Pookkal	director	Fazil
Bad Moon	director	Eric Red
Two Days	director	Sean McGinly
Reach for Glory	director	Philip Leacock
Easy Street (film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Hope Springs (film)	director	Mark Herman
Queen at Wembley	director	List of Brookside characters#T
High Hopes (1988 film)	director	Mike Leigh
End of Days (film)	director	Peter Hyams
Vaali	director	S. J. Surya
The Grey Zone	director	Tim Blake Nelson
Athbhutha Dweepu	director	Vinayan
Nothing (film)	director	Vincenzo Natali
The Match King	director	William Keighley
The Match King	director	Howard Bretherton
You'll Never Get Away from Me	director	Arlene Sanford
The Burning (film)	director	Tony Maylam
Don't Go in the Woods	director	James Bryan (director)
The House on the Edge of the Park	director	Ruggero Deodato
Cannibal Ferox	director	Umberto Lenzi
Haiku Tunnel	director	Jacob Kornbluth
Haiku Tunnel	director	Josh Kornbluth
Bracken's World	director	Herschel Daugherty
Bracken's World	director	Robert Day (director)
Bracken's World	director	Paul Henreid
Bracken's World	director	Lee Philips (actor)
Bracken's World	director	Nicholas Webster
The Last Casino	director	Pierre Gill
Skin Deep (1989 film)	director	Blake Edwards
Genji: Dawn of the Samurai	director	Yoshiki Okamoto
Night Eyes	director	Jag Mundhra
Mouchette	director	Robert Bresson
Alive and Schticking	director	James Burrows
Knightriders	director	George A. Romero
A Severa (film)	director	José Leitão de Barros
A State of Mind	director	Daniel Gordon (film director)
Return of the Roller Blade Seven	director	Donald G. Jackson
The Legend of the Roller Blade Seven	director	Donald G. Jackson
Day of the Warrior	director	Andy Sidaris
FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions	director	Carlos Atanes
Leather Jackets (film)	director	Lee Drysdale
The 9th Company	director	Fyodor Bondarchuk
Honeymoon in Vegas	director	Andrew Bergman
Frostbite (2005 film)	director	Jonathan Schwartz
Stairwell: Trapped in the World Trade Center	director	Jonathan M. Parisen
Diary of a Country Priest	director	Robert Bresson
Samurai Rebellion	director	Masaki Kobayashi
B*A*P*S	director	Robert Townsend (actor)
Bad Cop, Bad Cop	director	Cate Shortland
Bad Cop, Bad Cop	director	David Caesar
Wanted (TV series)	director	Félix Enríquez Alcalá
Wanted (TV series)	director	Guy Bee
Wanted (TV series)	director	Steven DePaul
Wanted (TV series)	director	Davis Guggenheim
Wanted (TV series)	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
Wanted (TV series)	director	Thomas J. Wright
Wanted (TV series)	director	Alex Zakrzewski
Yeh Jo Hai Zindagi	director	Manjul Sinha
Yeh Jo Hai Zindagi	director	Kundan Shah
School Daze	director	Spike Lee
Can Dialectics Break Bricks?	director	René Viénet
Baghban (film)	director	Ravi Chopra
Freshly-Picked Tingle's Rosy Rupeeland	director	Taro Kudo
Anbe Sivam	director	Sundar C.
Aragami	director	Ryuhei Kitamura
Pallavi Anu Pallavi	director	Mani Ratnam
Pagal Nilavu	director	Mani Ratnam
Agni Natchathiram	director	Mani Ratnam
Thalapathi	director	Mani Ratnam
Thiruda Thiruda	director	Mani Ratnam
Iruvar	director	Mani Ratnam
Alaipayuthey	director	Mani Ratnam
Kannathil Muthamittal	director	Mani Ratnam
Aayutha Ezhuthu	director	Mani Ratnam
Fight for Your Life	director	Robert A. Endelson
The Pirate	director	Vincente Minnelli
Onibaba (film)	director	Kaneto Shindō
When Saturday Comes (film)	director	Maria Giese
Dude, Where's the Party?	director	Benny Mathews
Hungama	director	Priyadarshan
Zurdo	director	Carlos Salces
Where the Heart Is (1990 film)	director	John Boorman
Commando Cody: Sky Marshal of the Universe	director	Harry Keller
Commando Cody: Sky Marshal of the Universe	director	Franklin Adreon
Commando Cody: Sky Marshal of the Universe	director	Fred C. Brannon
City of Glass (film)	director	Mabel Cheung
Crackerjack (2002 film)	director	Paul Moloney
Man of the Century	director	Adam Abraham
Identikit	director	Giuseppe Patroni Griffi
Pitfall (1948 film)	director	André de Toth
Last Dance (film)	director	Bruce Beresford
Five Days, Five Nights (1996 film)	director	José Fonseca e Costa
Smash Palace	director	Roger Donaldson
Vital (film)	director	Shinya Tsukamoto
Mad Dog and Glory	director	John McNaughton
Jai Chiranjeeva	director	K. Vijaya Bhaskar
Double Team (film)	director	Tsui Hark
Why Do Fools Fall in Love (film)	director	Gregory Nava
Bee Movie	director	Steve Hickner
Bee Movie	director	Simon J. Smith
Everyone's Hero	director	Colin Brady
Everyone's Hero	director	Christopher Reeve
Everyone's Hero	director	Daniel St. Pierre
Click (2006 film)	director	Frank Coraci
The Great Silence	director	Sergio Corbucci
Code Name: The Cleaner	director	Les Mayfield
Colonel Redl	director	István Szabó
Ludwig (film)	director	Luchino Visconti
Mr. Bill's Real Life Adventures	director	Jim Drake (director)
Eureka (1983 film)	director	Nicolas Roeg
Task Force (film)	director	Delmer Daves
Too Beautiful for You	director	Bertrand Blier
Dungeons & Dragons: Wrath of the Dragon God	director	Gerry Lively
Sonnenallee	director	Leander Haußmann
Boy called Twist	director	Timothy Greene
A Captive in the Land	director	John Berry (film director)
Brother's Keeper (film)	director	Joe Berlinger and Bruce Sinofsky
The Jewel of the Nile	director	Lewis Teague
The Jungle (The Twilight Zone)	director	William Claxton
Uptown Saturday Night	director	Sidney Poitier
For Your Consideration (film)	director	Christopher Guest
The Ghost Ship	director	Mark Robson
Empire of the Ants (film)	director	Bert I. Gordon
Nekro	director	Nicolas Masson
The Punisher (1989 film)	director	Mark Goldblatt
The Punisher (2004 film)	director	Jonathan Hensleigh
Dreamcatcher (film)	director	Lawrence Kasdan
Double Wedding	director	Richard Thorpe
Space Race (TV series)	director	Christopher Miner Spencer
Bambi II	director	Brian Pimental
Salvatore Giuliano (film)	director	Francesco Rosi
Vincent (TV series)	director	Terry McDonough
Inspector Clouseau (film)	director	Bud Yorkin
Ruby in Paradise	director	Victor Nuñez
The Best Man (1999 film)	director	Malcolm D. Lee
They Drive by Night	director	Raoul Walsh
Che (film)	director	Steven Soderbergh
Gas Food Lodging	director	Allison Anders
Electric Dragon 80.000 V	director	Gakuryū Ishii
The Entertainer (film)	director	Tony Richardson
Tales from the Hood	director	Rusty Cundieff
Cheats (film)	director	Andrew Gurland
Love Object	director	Robert Parigi
The Yo-Yo Gang	director	G. B. Jones
Noiseman Sound Insect	director	Kōji Morimoto
In Enemy Hands (film)	director	Tony Giglio
Play Time	director	Jacques Tati
Shasta McNasty	director	Dennis Dugan
Shasta McNasty	director	Savage Steve Holland
Shasta McNasty	director	Neal Israel
Shasta McNasty	director	Tim O'Donnell (director)
Shasta McNasty	director	Craig Zisk
Welcome to Sarajevo	director	Michael Winterbottom
Off the Rack (TV series)	director	Jay Sandrich
Off the Rack (TV series)	director	Noam Pitlik
Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby	director	Adam McKay
Around the World with Willy Fog	director	Luis Ballester
Carolina (film)	director	Marleen Gorris
Dancer, Texas Pop. 81	director	Tim McCanlies
Monsieur Beaucaire (1924 film)	director	Sidney Olcott
One Wonderful Day	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Castles and Dreams	director	Roger Bisson
Ghost Story (film)	director	John Irvin
Rocky Balboa (film)	director	Sylvester Stallone
The Day of the Roses	director	Peter Fisk
Manhood (film)	director	Bobby Roth
Life or Something Like It	director	Stephen Herek
Palmetto (film)	director	Volker Schlöndorff
Ushpizin	director	Gidi Dar
Naran (film)	director	Joshi (director)
The Final Programme (film)	director	Robert Fuest
Mrs Henderson Presents	director	Stephen Frears
Daud (film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Silent Night, Deadly Night 4: Initiation	director	Brian Yuzna
Young Winston	director	Richard Attenborough
But Can They Sing?	director	Alan Carter
But Can They Sing?	director	Steve Paley
The Sheriff of Fractured Jaw	director	Raoul Walsh
The Strange One	director	Jack Garfein
Dead Birds (2004 film)	director	Alex Turner (director)
The Bogus Witch Project	director	Victor Kargan
Bruiser (film)	director	George A. Romero
Life of an American Fireman	director	Edwin Stanton Porter
Legendary Weapons of China	director	Lau Kar-leung
Wondrous Oblivion	director	Paul Morrison (director)
Mr. and Mrs. Iyer	director	Aparna Sen
Bliss (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Cliff Bole
Ghost Lake (film)	director	Jay Woelfel
Ek Hasina Thi	director	Sriram Raghavan
The Masquerader	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Atomic Space Bug	director	Jonathan M. Parisen
The Associate	director	Donald Petrie
The Flame of New Orleans	director	René Clair
Beyond the Poseidon Adventure	director	Irwin Allen
The Gene Generation	director	Pearry Teo
Howling II: Stirba – Werewolf Bitch	director	Philippe Mora
Faithless (2000 film)	director	Liv Ullmann
The Mothman Prophecies (film)	director	Mark Pellington
Pulse (2006 film)	director	Jim Sonzero
Pisaj	director	Chookiat Sakveerakul
The Bodyguard (2004 film)	director	Petchtai Wongkamlao
Broken News	director	John Morton (writer)
Kya Kehna	director	Kundan Shah
Black Dog (film)	director	Kevin Hooks
Le Magnifique	director	Philippe de Broca
Show Business at War	director	Louis de Rochemont
American Dream (film)	director	Barbara Kopple
Yol	director	Yılmaz Güney
Yol	director	Şerif Gören
A Long Ride from Hell	director	Camillo Bazzoni
Hercules Unchained	director	Pietro Francisci
Perfect Stranger (film)	director	James Foley
Storytelling (film)	director	Todd Solondz
Silent Trigger	director	Russell Mulcahy
The Seventh Victim	director	Mark Robson
Castle of Blood	director	Antonio Margheriti
Web of the Spider	director	Antonio Margheriti
The Beautiful Country	director	Hans Petter Moland
The Proposition	director	John Hillcoat
The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift	director	Justin Lin
A Foreign Affair	director	Billy Wilder
Vampire Blvd.	director	Scott Shaw
Super Hero Central	director	Scott Shaw
Slaughterhouse-Five (film)	director	George Roy Hill
The Young Girls of Rochefort	director	Jacques Demy
Michael Jackson's Thriller	director	John Landis
Innocent Blood (film)	director	John Landis
Oscar Wilde (film)	director	Gregory Ratoff
Xiu Xiu: The Sent Down Girl	director	Joan Chen
Cripple Fight	director	Trey Parker
Viruddh... Family Comes First	director	Mahesh Manjrekar
UFOria	director	John Binder
Secret Admirer	director	David Greenwalt
Uncommon Valor	director	Ted Kotcheff
The Prince of Pennsylvania	director	Ron Nyswaner
Cast a Deadly Spell	director	Martin Campbell
Miami Blues	director	George Armitage
The Fog (2005 film)	director	Rupert Wainwright
Shriek If You Know What I Did Last Friday the Thirteenth	director	John Blanchard
Soldier of Orange	director	Paul Verhoeven
Just Like a Woman (1992 film)	director	Christopher Monger
Beach Party	director	William Asher
My Favorite Wife	director	Garson Kanin
Villain (1971 film)	director	Michael Tuchner
Move Over, Darling	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
Sparks (TV series)	director	Stan Daniels
Sparks (TV series)	director	Kim Friedman
Sparks (TV series)	director	Leonard R. Garner, Jr.
Sparks (TV series)	director	Ed. Weinberger
Born to Defence	director	Jet Li
Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger	director	Shōhei Tōjō
Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger	director	Takeshi Ogasawara
Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger	director	Tarō Sakamoto
Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger	director	Katsuya Watanabe
Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger	director	Keita Amemiya
Jacob's Sound	director	Anna Dudley
Tune in Tomorrow	director	Jon Amiel
Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak	director	Mansoor Khan
Out All Night	director	Matthew Diamond
The Porter	director	Jan Wentz
The Wild Women of Wongo	director	James L. Wolcott
Thea (TV series)	director	John Bowab
Thea (TV series)	director	Linda Day
Thea (TV series)	director	Paul Kreppel
Thea (TV series)	director	Jay Sandrich
Thea (TV series)	director	Tony Singletary
Thea (TV series)	director	Chuck Vinson
Window of Opportunity (Stargate SG-1)	director	Peter DeLuise
The Dentist	director	Brian Yuzna
Tumbleweeds (1999 film)	director	Gavin O'Connor (director)
Lovesick	director	Marshall Brickman
A City of Sadness	director	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
DOA: Dead or Alive	director	Corey Yuen
Follow the Fleet	director	Mark Sandrich
Love You till Tuesday (film)	director	Malcolm J Thomson
Winter Days	director	Kihachirō Kawamoto
Die Straße	director	Karl Grune
Screwed (2000 film)	director	Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski
Big Red (film)	director	Norman Tokar
The Distinguished Gentleman	director	Jonathan Lynn
Johan Cruijff – En un momento dado	director	Ramón Gieling
Volcanoes of the Deep Sea	director	Stephen Low
The Architects of Fear	director	Byron Haskin
Just Visiting (film)	director	Jean-Marie Poiré
Gridlock'd	director	Vondie Curtis-Hall
Above the Rim	director	Jeff Pollack
H.P. Lovecraft's: Necronomicon	director	Brian Yuzna
H.P. Lovecraft's: Necronomicon	director	Christophe Gans
H.P. Lovecraft's: Necronomicon	director	Shusuke Kaneko
Che!	director	Richard Fleischer
Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare	director	Rachel Talalay
Wild Orchid (film)	director	Zalman King
The Best of Benny Hill	director	John Robins
Rock Steady Live	director	Sophie Muller
Naked Souls	director	Lyndon Chubbuck
Snapdragon (film)	director	Worth Keeter
Raw Justice	director	David A. Prior
Oasis of the Zombies	director	Jesús Franco
Skyscraper (film)	director	Raymond Martino
Weezer – Video Capture Device: Treasures from the Vault 1991–2002	director	Karl Koch (musician)
To the Limit (1995 film)	director	Raymond Martino
The Car	director	Elliot Silverstein
BaadAsssss Cinema	director	Isaac Julien
Dollars Trilogy	director	Sergio Leone
I Live in Fear	director	Akira Kurosawa
Max Hell Frog Warrior	director	Donald G. Jackson
Max Hell Frog Warrior	director	Scott Shaw
Sex Madness	director	Dwain Esper
Ghost in the Noonday Sun	director	Peter Medak
Mr. Topaze	director	Peter Sellers
There's a Girl in My Soup	director	Boulting brothers
Hoffman (film)	director	Alvin Rakoff
The House by the Cemetery	director	Lucio Fulci
Ernest Goes to Camp	director	John R. Cherry III
Bad Timing	director	Nicolas Roeg
War-Gods of the Deep	director	Jacques Tourneur
The Secret Fury	director	Mel Ferrer
Warriors (TV series)	director	Peter Kosminsky
Dragon Ball: Sleeping Princess in Devil's Castle	director	Daisuke Nishio
Dragon Ball: Mystical Adventure	director	Kazuhisa Takenouchi
Dragon Ball: The Path to Power	director	Shigeyasu Yamauchi
Loose Change (film)	director	Dylan Avery
In Dreams (film)	director	Neil Jordan
Blonde Ambition	director	Scott Marshall (director)
Disharmony (Angel)	director	Frederick King Keller
Invincible (2001 film)	director	Werner Herzog
Angels in the Outfield (1951 film)	director	Clarence Brown
Angels in the Outfield (1994 film)	director	William Dear
Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow	director	Trey Parker
Flags of Our Fathers (film)	director	Clint Eastwood
Der Sieg des Glaubens	director	Leni Riefenstahl
Blink of an Eye (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
The Devil's Rain	director	Robert Fuest
Two Small Bodies	director	Beth B.
First Name: Carmen	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Thunderheart	director	Michael Apted
The Blue Villa	director	Alain Robbe-Grillet
The Blue Villa	director	Dimitri de Clercq
The Deep (1977 film)	director	Peter Yates
Danger: Diabolik	director	Mario Bava
Dangerous Beauty	director	Marshall Herskovitz
The Chaos Factor	director	Terry Cunningham
Avanti!	director	Billy Wilder
Full Disclosure (film)	director	John Bradshaw
Ultimate Avengers	director	Steven E. Gordon
Ultimate Avengers	director	Bob Richardson (animator)
Islam: Empire of Faith	director	Robert H. Gardner
Hide-Out	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Children of Mana	director	Yoshiki Ito
All the Boys Are Called Patrick	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Brain Blockers	director	Lincoln Kupchak
Wonderland (2003 film)	director	James Cox
We Faw Down	director	Leo McCarey
Quackser Fortune Has a Cousin in the Bronx	director	Waris Hussein
Who? (novel)  Who?   1	director	Jack Gold
About Adam	director	Gerard Stembridge
The Trouble with Angels (film)	director	Ida Lupino
Lovely & Amazing	director	Nicole Holofcener
Drone (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Les Landau
Bangers	director	Andrew Upton
Live at the Ambassadors	director	John Gordillo
Invisible Child	director	Joan Micklin Silver
Twice Upon a Time (1983 film)	director	John Korty
Twice Upon a Time (1983 film)	director	Charles Swenson
Devils on the Doorstep	director	Jiang Wen
Vegas in Space	director	Phillip R. Ford
Amigas y rivales	director	José Ángel García
The World's Fastest Indian	director	Roger Donaldson
Together (2002 film)	director	Chen Kaige
The Blockhouse	director	Clive Rees (director)
Ponette	director	Jacques Doillon
Being Osama	director	Mahmoud Kaabour
Being Osama	director	Tim Schwab
Outsider (film)	director	Andrej Košak
Sprung (film)	director	Rusty Cundieff
The Appaloosa	director	Sidney J. Furie
Hardball (film)	director	Brian Robbins
Morituri (1965 film)	director	Bernhard Wicki
Last Days of Coney Island	director	Ralph Bakshi
Shag (1989 film)	director	Zelda Barron
Stick (film)	director	Burt Reynolds
Sunday Too Far Away	director	Ken Hannam
To Die For (1994 film)	director	Peter Mackenzie Litten
The Killer Elite	director	Sam Peckinpah
The Land Before Time V: The Mysterious Island	director	Roy Allen Smith
The Land Before Time V: The Mysterious Island	director	Charles Grosvenor
Quantum of Solace	director	Marc Forster
A Night Out (film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Stay (film)	director	Marc Forster
Khalnayak	director	Subhash Ghai
Gaja Gamini	director	M. F. Husain
Lucky You (film)	director	Curtis Hanson
Rasputin: Dark Servant of Destiny	director	Uli Edel
The Namesake (film)	director	Mira Nair
Hollywood Shuffle	director	Robert Townsend (actor)
A Countess from Hong Kong	director	Charlie Chaplin
Guns at Batasi	director	John Guillermin
Tag der Freiheit: Unsere Wehrmacht	director	Leni Riefenstahl
Bullshot (film)	director	Dick Clement
Dreamer (2005 film)	director	John Gatins
The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1956 film)	director	Jean Delannoy
The Italian Job (2003 film)	director	F. Gary Gray
Caddie (film)	director	Donald Crombie
The Happening (1967 film)	director	Elliot Silverstein
Kakurenbo	director	Shuuhei Morita
Where the Spirit Lives	director	Bruce Pittman
Zeher	director	Mohit Suri
McBain (film)	director	James Glickenhaus
Bandidas	director	Joachim Rønning
Bandidas	director	Espen Sandberg
Charlotte Gray (film)	director	Gillian Armstrong
Pilot No. 5	director	George Sidney
Murderball (film)	director	Henry Alex Rubin
Murderball (film)	director	Dana Adam Shapiro
They Made Me a Killer	director	Pine-Thomas Productions
Down to You	director	Kris Isacsson
Aha!	director	Enamul Karim Nirjhar
A Quality of Mercy	director	Buzz Kulik
The Man Who Sued God	director	Mark Joffe
Nothing in the Dark	director	Lamont Johnson
X-Men Origins: Wolverine	director	Gavin Hood
Across the Bridge	director	Ken Annakin
Grendel Grendel Grendel	director	Alexander Stitt
Ultraviolet (film)	director	Kurt Wimmer
I Dream of Genie (The Twilight Zone)	director	Robert Gist
Paradise Now	director	Hany Abu-Assad
East Side/West Side	director	Herschel Daugherty
East Side/West Side	director	Tom Gries
East Side/West Side	director	Daniel Petrie
East Side/West Side	director	Ralph Senensky
East Side/West Side	director	Jack Smight
Night Skies (2007 film)	director	Roy Knyrim
Older and Far Away	director	Michael Gershman (director)
Suddha (film)	director	Ramchandra P. N.
Speak White	director	Pierre Falardeau
Speak White	director	Julien Poulin
The Angelmakers	director	Astrid Bussink
Starship Mine	director	Cliff Bole
Through the Looking Glass (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Marjorine	director	Trey Parker
Derailed (2005 film)	director	Mikael Håfström
Go West (1940 film)	director	Edward Buzzell
Proof (1991 film)	director	Jocelyn Moorhouse
Gambit (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Peter Lauritson
Gambit (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Alexander Singer
Reunion (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Jonathan Frakes
The First Duty	director	Paul Lynch (director)
One Night at McCool's	director	Harald Zwart
First Contact (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Cliff Bole
La perla	director	Emilio Fernández
Tarzan's New York Adventure	director	Richard Thorpe
It's Alive (1974 film)	director	Larry Cohen
Untamed Heart	director	Tony Bill
Last Man Standing (film)	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
The Ringer (2005 film)	director	Barry W. Blaustein
Center for Public Leadership	director	David Gergen
Earth Star Voyager	director	James Goldstone
The Next Phase	director	David Carson (director)
Data's Day	director	Robert Wiemer
The NeverEnding Story II: The Next Chapter	director	George T. Miller
Support Your Local Sheriff!	director	Burt Kennedy
The NeverEnding Story III	director	Peter MacDonald (film director)
Bhoot	director	Ram Gopal Varma
What's Bugging Seth	director	What's Bugging Seth
The Last Days of Disco	director	Whit Stillman
April Story	director	Shunji Iwai
Waterfront (1944 film)	director	Steve Sekely
The Office (UK TV series)	director	Ricky Gervais
The Office (UK TV series)	director	Stephen Merchant
Pet Sematary Two	director	Mary Lambert
Jennifer (film)	director	Brice Mack
The Decline of Western Civilization Part II: The Metal Years	director	Penelope Spheeris
A Tree of Palme	director	Takashi Nakamura
It Could Happen to You (film)	director	Andrew Bergman
Drumline (film)	director	Charles Stone III
The Happy Elf	director	John Rice (director)
The Sentimental Bloke	director	Raymond Longford
USA High	director	Mary Lou Belli
USA High	director	Frank Bonner
City Life (TV series)	director	Colin Budds
City Life (TV series)	director	Chris Martin-Jones
Aphrodite (film)	director	Robert Fuest
The Business (film)	director	Nick Love
Visitor Q	director	Takashi Miike
The Tigress (1992 film)	director	Karin Howard
Jabe Babe – A Heightened Life	director	Janet Merewether
Hot Fuzz	director	Edgar Wright
LarryBoy	director	Phil Vischer
LarryBoy	director	Tim Hodge
Dillinger (1973 film)	director	John Milius
The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer	director	Matthew Diamond
Far Out Man	director	Tommy Chong
Far Out Man	director	William Lustig
When a Stranger Calls (2006 film)	director	Simon West
Tank (film)	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
Bang Bang Orangutang	director	Simon Staho
Flesh Feast (film)	director	Brad F. Grinter
Unholy Partners	director	Mervyn LeRoy
The Champion (1915 film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Adventurer (film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Howling V: The Rebirth	director	Neal Sundstrom
The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer	director	Trey Parker
Swing Parade of 1946	director	Phil Karlson
Jared Has Aides	director	Trey Parker
Red Corner	director	Jon Avnet
The Beast Must Die (film)	director	Paul Annett
Best Boy (film)	director	Ira Wohl
Spectre (film)	director	Clive Donner
My First Mister	director	Christine Lahti
Heart Like a Wheel (film)	director	Jonathan Kaplan
Radioland Murders	director	Mel Smith
Strong Enough to Break	director	Ashley Greyson
What Price Glory? (1926 film)	director	Raoul Walsh
What Price Glory? (1926 film)	director	John Ford
Pokémon: Mewtwo Returns	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
Pokémon: Mewtwo Returns	director	Darren
Marmadesam	director	Naga (director)
Thoovanathumbikal	director	Padmarajan
Sapphire (film)	director	Basil Dearden
Khartoum (film)	director	Basil Dearden
Monte Carlo or Bust	director	Ken Annakin
No Retreat, No Surrender 2	director	Corey Yuen
The Beast Within	director	Philippe Mora
How to Stuff a Wild Bikini	director	William Asher
Shake Hands with the Devil (1959 film)	director	Michael Anderson (director)
The Women of Brewster Place (TV miniseries)	director	Donna Deitch
Alcoa Presents: One Step Beyond	director	John Newland
The Big Fix	director	Jeremy Kagan
The Little Colonel	director	David Butler (director)
Pacific Palisades (TV series)	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
Pacific Palisades (TV series)	director	Les Landau
Pacific Palisades (TV series)	director	Charles Pratt, Jr.
Pacific Palisades (TV series)	director	David Semel
Pacific Palisades (TV series)	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
The Final Cut (TV serial)	director	Mike Vardy
To Play the King	director	Paul Seed
The Beatles: The First U.S. Visit	director	Albert and David Maysles
Stay Alive	director	William Brent Bell
The Lovers of Montparnasse	director	Jacques Becker
The Lovers of Montparnasse	director	Max Ophüls
Limbo (film)	director	John Sayles
Casa de los Babys	director	John Sayles
Undertow (2004 film)	director	David Gordon Green
In This World	director	Michael Winterbottom
Little Boy Lost (1978 film)	director	Terry Bourke
Blown Away (1994 film)	director	Stephen Hopkins (director)
The Salvation Hunters	director	Josef von Sternberg
Best Men	director	Tamra Davis
Hoodwinked!	director	Cory Edwards
Hoodwinked!	director	Todd Edwards (film writer)
Hoodwinked!	director	Tony Leech
A Nightmare on Elm Street	director	Wes Craven
Chances Are (film)	director	Emile Ardolino
Erotic Ghost Story	director	Lam Ngai Kai
A Troll in Central Park	director	Don Bluth
A Troll in Central Park	director	Gary Goldman
Johnny Test	director	Scott Fellows
Johnny Test	director	Chris Savino
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 1	director	Chuck Jones
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 1	director	Friz Freleng
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 1	director	Robert McKimson
Live Wire (film)	director	Christian Duguay (director)
The Spook Who Sat by the Door (film)	director	Ivan Dixon
The Night of the Following Day	director	Hubert Cornfield
The Scarlet Letter (1995 film)	director	Roland Joffé
Aag (2007 film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Eklavya: The Royal Guard	director	Vidhu Vinod Chopra
The Adventures of Hyperman	director	Bert Ring
Liberty Street	director	Gail Harvey
Liberty Street	director	Nicholas Kendall
Liocracy	director	Ron Murphy
Liocracy	director	Alan Resnick
Bloody Sunday (TV film)	director	Paul Greengrass
Sugarfoot	director	Irving J. Moore
Big Eden	director	Thomas Bezucha
Little Big League	director	Andrew Scheinman
Dead Man's Shoes (The Twilight Zone)	director	Montgomery Pittman
Vampyros Lesbos	director	Jesús Franco
Let's Get Skase	director	Matthew George
Paprika (1991 film)	director	Tinto Brass
Pumping Iron II: The Women	director	George Butler (filmmaker)
King Kong Lives	director	John Guillermin
P.N.03	director	Shinji Mikami
Career Girls	director	Mike Leigh
Taking the Falls	director	Michael Kennedy
Becoming Jane	director	Julian Jarrold
Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne	director	Satyajit Ray
Caché (film)	director	Michael Haneke
Lost & Found (1999 film)	director	Jeff Pollack
Bernard and the Genie	director	Paul Weiland
Midnight Patrol: Adventures in the Dream Zone	director	Don Lusk
Midnight Patrol: Adventures in the Dream Zone	director	Paul Sommers
Daddy Long Legs (1955 film)	director	Jean Negulesco
The Bots Master	director	Shigeo Koshi
The Bots Master	director	Xavier Picard
A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors	director	Chuck Russell
The Guardian (2006 film)	director	Andrew Davis (film director)
A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master	director	Renny Harlin
A Nightmare on Elm Street 5: The Dream Child	director	Stephen Hopkins (director)
Bluffmaster!	director	Rohan Sippy
What You Leave Behind	director	Allan Kroeker
Diya Aur Toofan	director	Rangeela
Wyatt Earp (film)	director	Lawrence Kasdan
Till There Was You (1990 film)	director	John Seale
Making Babies	director	Daniel Lind Lagerlöf
Daraar	director	Abbas-Mustan
Faust: Love of the Damned	director	Brian Yuzna
Death Tunnel	director	Philip Adrian Booth
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (film)	director	John Carl Buechler
The Man (1972 film)	director	Joseph Sargent
I'm Going to Tell You a Secret	director	Jonas Åkerlund
Nemesis (Stargate SG-1)	director	Martin Wood
Masters of the Universe (film)	director	Gary Goddard
Egypt (TV series)	director	Tony Mulholland
Street of Crocodiles	director	Brothers Quay
Hold Back Tomorrow	director	Hugo Haas
Vendetta (1950 film)	director	Max Ophüls
Vendetta (1950 film)	director	Preston Sturges
Vendetta (1950 film)	director	Stuart Heisler
Vendetta (1950 film)	director	Mel Ferrer
Vendetta (1950 film)	director	Howard Hughes
The Long Memory	director	Robert Hamer
High Treason (1951 film)	director	Boulting brothers
The Spider and the Fly (1949 film)	director	Robert Hamer
Sirocco (film)	director	Curtis Bernhardt
They Asked Me Why I Believe in You	director	David Grossman (director)
Bernard's Watch	director	Eleanor Casson
The Fourth Man	director	Paul Verhoeven
The Muse (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	David Livingston
Gideon's Crossing	director	Tony Bill
Gideon's Crossing	director	Kenneth Fink
Love Streams	director	John Cassavetes
Maladolescenza	director	Pier Giuseppe Murgia
The Boat on the Grass	director	Gérard Brach
The Honeymoon Killers	director	Leonard Kastle
My Heart Belongs to Daddy (Desperate Housewives)	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
God Told Me To	director	Larry Cohen
Rosewood (film)	director	John Singleton
Saraswatichandra (film)	director	Govind Saraiya
Ghajini (2005 film)	director	A. R. Murugadoss
Expedition: Bismarck	director	James Cameron
Expedition: Bismarck	director	Gary Johnstone
84C MoPic	director	Patrick Sheane Duncan
Children of the Corn IV: The Gathering	director	Greg Spence
BigLove	director	Leif Tilden
The Suburbans	director	Donal Lardner Ward
Start the Revolution Without Me	director	Bud Yorkin
Summer Magic	director	James Neilson (director)
And the Angels Sing	director	George Marshall (director)
Magic Town	director	William A. Wellman
Run Ronnie Run	director	Troy Miller
Vampire in Brooklyn	director	Wes Craven
You're On!	director	Jared Cory
Fritz the Cat (film)	director	Ralph Bakshi
The Dummy	director	Abner Biberman
The Gift (The Twilight Zone)	director	Allen H. Miner
One More Pallbearer	director	Lamont Johnson
The Hunt (The Twilight Zone)	director	Harold D. Schuster
Showdown with Rance McGrew	director	Christian Nyby
Noah (film)	director	Ken Kwapis
The Ice Harvest	director	Harold Ramis
Brain Donors	director	Dennis Dugan
The Helix...Loaded	director	A. Raven Cruz
Temporada de patos	director	Fernando Eimbcke
Mathilukal  Mathilukal  1	director	Adoor Gopalakrishnan
Babel (film)	director	Alejandro González Iñárritu
West Beirut (film)	director	Ziad Doueiri
The Diamond Arm	director	Leonid Gaidai
Wizard of Oz (1925 film)	director	Larry Semon
And Now... Ladies and Gentlemen	director	Claude Lelouch
Rhubarb (1969 film)	director	Eric Sykes
A Piano in the House	director	David Greene (director)
Person or Persons Unknown	director	John Brahm
The Family (1974 UK TV series)	director	Franc Roddam
The Family (1974 UK TV series)	director	Paul Watson
Plenty (film)	director	Fred Schepisi
Nemesis (film)	director	Albert Pyun
Follow That Egg!	director	Trey Parker
The Tooth Fairy Tats 2000	director	Trey Parker
Digna... hasta el último aliento	director	Felipe Cazals
The Monster (1994 film)	director	Roberto Benigni
The Monster (1994 film)	director	Yves Attal
Bay City Blues	director	Arthur Allan Seidelman
Bay City Blues	director	Rick Wallace
The Night the Lights Went Out in Georgia (film)	director	Ronald F. Maxwell
Joy Ride (2001 film)	director	John Dahl
No Limit (1935 film)	director	Monty Banks
The Comeback (film)	director	Pete Walker (director)
D2: The Mighty Ducks	director	Sam Weisman
Cold Showers	director	Antony Cordier
Peau d'Âne	director	Jacques Demy
Star Trek (film)	director	J. J. Abrams
Love in Thoughts	director	Achim von Borries
Gupt: The Hidden Truth	director	Rajiv Rai
Accattone	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
Hocus-Pocus and Frisby	director	Lamont Johnson
Frog and Toad  Together Frog And Toad Are Friends   1	director	John Clark Matthews
One-Trick Pony (film)	director	Robert M. Young (film director)
Date Movie	director	Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer
Autograph (2004 film)	director	Cheran (director)
Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar	director	Mansoor Khan
Flash Forward	director	Alex Chapple
Flash Forward	director	Milan Cheylov
Flash Forward	director	Bruce McDonald (film director)
Flash Forward	director	Ron Oliver
Flash Forward	director	David Straiton
Flash Forward	director	Stephen Williams (director)
99 River Street	director	Phil Karlson
Home for the Holidays (film)	director	Jodie Foster
Fanaa (film)	director	Kunal Kohli
Poolhall Junkies	director	Mars Callahan
The Final Sacrifice	director	Tjardus Greidanus
Microcosmos	director	Claude Nuridsany
Microcosmos	director	Marie Pérennou
English, August (film)	director	Dev Benegal
Sonic the Hedgehog 2 (16-bit)	director	Hirokazu Yasuhara
Split Wide Open	director	Dev Benegal
Have Rocket, Will Travel	director	David Lowell Rich
Carry On Girls	director	Gerald Thomas
Capital News	director	Mark Tinker
Brian Goes Back to College	director	Greg Colton
Venom (2005 film)	director	Jim Gillespie
Cronos (film)	director	Guillermo del Toro
The Presidio (film)	director	Peter Hyams
Light Sleeper	director	Paul Schrader
Pickpocket (film)	director	Robert Bresson
Patty Hearst (film)	director	Paul Schrader
A Cock and Bull Story	director	Michael Winterbottom
The Original Kings of Comedy	director	Spike Lee
The Quiet	director	Jamie Babbit
City Slickers II: The Legend of Curly's Gold	director	Paul Weiland
Shock Waves	director	Ken Wiederhorn
Ramrod (film)	director	André de Toth
Intervention (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Michael Gershman (director)
The Bird People in China	director	Takashi Miike
Gozu	director	Takashi Miike
Lady Luck (1946 film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
Taboo (1999 film)	director	Nagisa Oshima
Junk the Movie	director	Atsushi Muroga
The Kid & I	director	Penelope Spheeris
Beyond and Back	director	James L. Conway
Sons of Provo	director	Will Swenson
Ivan the Terrible (film)	director	Sergei Eisenstein
Bringing Down the House (film)	director	Adam Shankman
Heavy Metal 2000	director	Michael Coldewey
Heavy Metal 2000	director	Michel Lemire
The Crop	director	Scott Patterson (director)
Ski Party	director	Alan Rafkin
Joyeux Noël	director	Christian Carion
The Galaxy Being	director	Leslie Stevens
The Hundred Days of the Dragon	director	Byron Haskin
Evolution (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Winrich Kolbe
The Wounded (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Chip Chalmers
The Shaggy D.A.	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Across the Wide Missouri (film)	director	William A. Wellman
May Fools	director	Louis Malle
The Redd Foxx Show	director	Neema Barnette
The Redd Foxx Show	director	Stan Lathan
The Redd Foxx Show	director	Dick Martin (comedian)
The Redd Foxx Show	director	Tony Singletary
The Wood	director	Rick Famuyiwa
May (film)	director	Lucky McKee
Korn's Groovy Pirate Ghost Mystery	director	Trey Parker
Mr. T and Tina	director	James Komack
Howling IV: The Original Nightmare	director	John Hough (director)
The Bad News Bears Go to Japan	director	John Berry (film director)
Bobby (2006 film)	director	Emilio Estevez
Chapter 27	director	Jarrett Schaefer
Carrington (film)	director	Christopher Hampton
Navy Log	director	Leslie Goodwins
Navy Log	director	Reginald Le Borg
Navy Log	director	Jean Yarbrough
Isle of Flowers	director	Jorge Furtado
Spring Snow (film)	director	Isao Yukisada
Strictly Business (film)	director	Kevin Hooks
Skyjacked (film)	director	John Guillermin
Chuck & Buck	director	Miguel Arteta
Le Grand Voyage	director	Ismaël Ferroukhi
The Role of Her Life	director	François Favrat
Rainbow Bridge (film)	director	Chuck Wein
Chef Goes Nanners	director	Eric Stough
Ginger Kids	director	Trey Parker
Matango	director	Ishirō Honda
Dèmoni	director	Lamberto Bava
The Trial of Joan of Arc	director	Robert Bresson
The Magus (film)	director	Guy Green (filmmaker)
I Wish I Could Forget You	director	Larry Shaw (director)
The Mirror Has Two Faces	director	Barbra Streisand
Return to Me	director	Bonnie Hunt
Major League Baseball on ABC	director	Chet Forte
Wing Chun (film)	director	Yuen Woo-ping
The Secret of Convict Lake	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
L'Enfant (film)	director	Dardenne brothers
L'Enfant (film)	director	Dardenne brothers
Angels of the Universe	director	Friðrik Þór Friðriksson
The Bloody Fists	director	Ng See-yuen
It Happened Tomorrow	director	René Clair
Tony n' Tina's Wedding  Tony n’ Tina’s Wedding: The Movie   1	director	Roger Paradiso
The Unforgiven (1960 film)	director	John Huston
FM (film)	director	John A. Alonzo
The Meeting Place Cannot Be Changed	director	Stanislav Govorukhin
Another Man's Poison	director	Irving Rapper
The Marriage of Maria Braun	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
The TV Set	director	Jake Kasdan
Cosmos: War of the Planets	director	Alfonso Brescia
Howling VI: The Freaks	director	Hope Perello
Korn Live	director	Jim Gable
Fantastic Mr. Fox (film)	director	Wes Anderson
The Witches (1990 film)	director	Nicolas Roeg
Three Days (1997 film)	director	Adrian Fulle
Silent Night, Deadly Night 3: Better Watch Out!	director	Monte Hellman
We Jam Econo	director	Tim Irwin (director)
Amazing Grace (2006 film)	director	Michael Apted
The Deadly Affair	director	Sidney Lumet
The Black Windmill	director	Don Siegel
Trapped (2002 film)	director	Luis Mandoki
Saagar	director	Ramesh Sippy
The ChubbChubbs!	director	Eric Armstrong
The Spiderwick Chronicles (film)	director	Sapto Harmoko (director)
Bill Cosby: Himself	director	Bill Cosby
The Bride Wore Black	director	François Truffaut
The Attic: The Hiding of Anne Frank	director	John Erman
Doomsday (film)	director	Neil Marshall
Barfuss	director	Til Schweiger
The BFG (film)	director	Cosgrove Hall Films
Indiscretion	director	LeVar Burton
Starship Down	director	Alexander Singer
Arisan!	director	Nia Dinata
The Videos (Nickelback DVD)	director	Nigel Dick
The Videos (Nickelback DVD)	director	Brothers Strause
The Videos (Nickelback DVD)	director	Brothers Strause
Goodbye Uncle Tom	director	Gualtiero Jacopetti
Goodbye Uncle Tom	director	Franco Prosperi
Magical Mystery Tour (film)	director	Bernard Knowles
Magical Mystery Tour (film)	director	The Beatles
Strange Too	director	Anton Corbijn
Strange (video)	director	Anton Corbijn
The Spitfire Grill	director	Lee David Zlotoff
Tightrope (film)	director	Richard Tuggle
Absolute Power (film)	director	Clint Eastwood
Infinite Regress (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Chennai Mathematical Institute	director	Rajeeva Karandikar
Gambit (1966 film)	director	Ronald Neame
The Christine Jorgensen Story	director	Irving Rapper
The Last Contract	director	Kjell Sundvall
Fire and Ice: The Winter War of Finland and Russia	director	Ben Strout
The Game of Their Lives (2002 film)	director	Daniel Gordon (film director)
Déjà Q	director	Les Landau
The Hunted (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Cliff Bole
The High Ground (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
The Vengeance Factor	director	Timothy Bond
The Defector (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Scheerer
The Price (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Scheerer
Booby Trap (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
The Bonding	director	Winrich Kolbe
The Window	director	Ted Tetzlaff
Bombaiyer Bombete	director	Sandip Ray
The Deserter (1912 film)	director	Thomas H. Ince
Yield to the Night	director	J. Lee Thompson
The Fury (1978 film)	director	Brian De Palma
Wallace and Gromit's Cracking Contraptions	director	Christopher Sadler
Bar Association (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	LeVar Burton
Carmen (1984 film)	director	Francesco Rosi
Blame It on Rio	director	Stanley Donen
Two Can Play That Game	director	Mark Brown
Kingdom Come (2001 film)	director	Doug McHenry
Leningrad Cowboys Go America	director	Aki Kaurismäki
These Days: Live in Concert	director	Gregor Jordan
These Days: Live in Concert	director	Bernie Zelvis
Hell's Island	director	Phil Karlson
Bring It On Again	director	Damon Santostefano
Burnt by the Sun	director	Nikita Mikhalkov
The Viking (1928 film)	director	Roy William Neill
Desperate Hours	director	Michael Cimino
Protocols of Zion (film)	director	Marc Levin
Whore (2004 film)	director	María Lidón
Mohammad, Messenger of God	director	Moustapha Akkad
Ulysses' Gaze	director	Theodoros Angelopoulos
Tales of Terror	director	Roger Corman
The Ascent (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Allan Kroeker
Beverly Hills Buntz	director	Barnet Kellman
Lion of the Desert	director	Moustapha Akkad
Reindeer Games	director	John Frankenheimer
The Boxer (film)	director	Jim Sheridan
Far Beyond the Stars	director	Avery Brooks
Harakiri (1962 film)	director	Masaki Kobayashi
Visionary (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Reza Badiyi
In Too Deep (film)	director	Michael Rymer
Explorers (film)	director	Joe Dante
Poor Cow	director	Ken Loach
The Tracy Morgan Show	director	Robert Berlinger
The Tracy Morgan Show	director	Sheldon Epps
The Tracy Morgan Show	director	Leonard R. Garner, Jr.
The Tracy Morgan Show	director	Gary Halvorson
The Tracy Morgan Show	director	Gail Mancuso
The Tracy Morgan Show	director	John Putch
The Tracy Morgan Show	director	David Schwimmer
The Tracy Morgan Show	director	Keith Truesdell
The Tracy Morgan Show	director	Andrew Tsao
How the West Was Fun	director	Stuart Margolin
The Crusades (film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Air I Breathe	director	Jieho Lee
Margaret's Engagement	director	Alan Alda
Dumplings (film)	director	Fruit Chan
A Very Brady Sequel	director	Arlene Sanford
Tokyo Pop	director	Fran Rubel Kuzui
Michael (1996 film)	director	Nora Ephron
Prisoner of Honor	director	Ken Russell
Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon	director	Sooraj R. Barjatya
Hard Time (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Alexander Singer
Marjoe	director	Howard Smith (director)
Marjoe	director	Sarah Kernochan
Man in the Shadow	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Yes, Giorgio	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
Rosalinda (telenovela)	director	Beatriz Sheridan
Masked and Anonymous	director	Larry Charles
The Gunfighter (film)	director	Henry King (director)
Yours, Mine and Ours (2005 film)	director	Raja Gosnell
Sunday Bloody Sunday (film)	director	John Schlesinger
Hope Floats	director	Forest Whitaker
G.O.R.A.	director	Ömer Faruk Sorak
The Glass House (film)	director	Daniel Sackheim
Craft Corner Deathmatch	director	Scott Preston
Noises Off (film)	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Kissing a Fool	director	Doug Ellin
Zoltan, Hound of Dracula (film)	director	Albert Band
Once Bitten (1985 film)	director	Howard Storm (director)
The First Great Train Robbery	director	Michael Crichton
The Greengage Summer	director	Lewis Gilbert
Rederiet	director	Filippa Wallström
Rederiet	director	Marcelo Racana
Rederiet	director	Christian Wikander
Rederiet	director	Thomas Hellberg
The Horn Blows at Midnight	director	Raoul Walsh
Blue Denim	director	Philip Dunne (writer)
Summer Stock	director	Charles Walters
J. D.'s Revenge	director	Arthur Marks
Teacher's Pet (film)	director	Timothy Björklund
Coogan's Bluff (film)	director	Don Siegel
The Opposite Sex	director	David Miller (director)
Don't Drink the Water (1994 film)	director	Woody Allen
The O'Keefes	director	Andy Ackerman
The O'Keefes	director	Gerry Cohen (director)
The O'Keefes	director	Bryan Gordon
The O'Keefes	director	Gil Junger
The O'Keefes	director	Joanna Kerns
Suikoden (video game)	director	Yoshitaka Murayama
Summer Rental	director	Carl Reiner
Delirious (film)	director	Tom Mankiewicz
Beverly Hills Ninja	director	Dennis Dugan
Piranha (1978 film)	director	Joe Dante
Just Friends	director	Roger Kumble
Copycat (film)	director	Jon Amiel
Color and Light	director	David Grossman (director)
Hang 'Em High	director	Ted Post
Strange Frame	director	GB Hajim
Tackle Happy	director	Mick Molloy
The Battle of China	director	Frank Capra
The Battle of China	director	Anatole Litvak
Just Me and You	director	John Erman
Juice (film)	director	Ernest Dickerson
The Grateful Dead Movie	director	Jerry Garcia
The Grateful Dead Movie	director	Leon Gast
Confidence (2003 film)	director	James Foley
After Office Hours	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Modern Romance	director	Albert Brooks
Strapless	director	David Hare (playwright)
One Crazy Summer	director	Savage Steve Holland
Attack on Terror: The FBI vs. the Ku Klux Klan	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
A Boy Named Charlie Brown	director	Lee Mendelson
A Boy Named Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
A Boy Named Charlie Brown	director	Charles M. Schulz
Jolly Fellows	director	Grigori Aleksandrov
Rob Roy, the Highland Rogue	director	Harold French
Every Day Except Christmas	director	Lindsay Anderson
Bates Motel	director	Richard Rothstein
LOC Kargil	director	J. P. Dutta
Brubaker	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Since You've Been Gone (film)	director	David Schwimmer
Elephant Boy (film)	director	Robert J. Flaherty
Elephant Boy (film)	director	Zoltan Korda
The Bobo	director	Robert Parrish
Goode Behavior	director	Leonard R. Garner, Jr.
Goode Behavior	director	Jack Shea (director)
Goode Behavior	director	Michael Zinberg
Solomon & Gaenor	director	Paul Morrison
Waking the Dead (film)	director	Keith Gordon
The Boatniks	director	Norman Tokar
Just for Kicks (TV series)	director	David Brookwell
Just for Kicks (TV series)	director	Paul Hoen
Just for Kicks (TV series)	director	Sean McNamara (director)
Freeze Me	director	Takashi Ishii
Goofy and Wilbur	director	Dick Huemer
Disappearing Acts	director	Gina Prince-Bythewood
The Mask of Diijon	director	Lew Landers
Instrument (film)	director	Jem Cohen
Looks and Smiles	director	Ken Loach
Damage (1992 film)	director	Louis Malle
SubUrbia (film)	director	Richard Linklater
Quid Pro Quo	director	Carlos Brooks
The Panic in Needle Park	director	Jerry Schatzberg
You're Darn Tootin'	director	Edgar Kennedy
Thicker than Water (1935 film)	director	James W. Horne
Two Tars	director	James Parrott
The Lovers (TV series)	director	Jack Rosenthal
The Boys (1998 film)	director	Rowan Woods
Pardon Us	director	James Parrott
A Chump at Oxford	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Atoll K	director	Léo Joannon
Atoll K	director	John Berry (film director)
The Flesh Eaters (film)	director	Jack Curtis (voice actor)
You Are Not Alone (film)	director	Ernst Johansen
One from the Heart	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Rat Pfink a Boo Boo	director	Ray Dennis Steckler
Forbidden World	director	Allan Holzman
A Fistful of Datas	director	Patrick Stewart
Jane and the Dragon (TV series)	director	Theo Baynton
Andersonville (film)	director	John Frankenheimer
Pepe (film)	director	George Sidney
Yvon of the Yukon	director	Greg Sullivan
I clowns	director	Federico Fellini
Mickey (film)	director	Hugh Wilson (director)
Trapped in the Closet (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
The Adventure of Faustus Bidgood	director	Andy Jones (comedian)
The Adventure of Faustus Bidgood	director	Mike Jones (writer)
Thin Ice (1937 film)	director	Sidney Lanfield
Seizure (film)	director	Oliver Stone
Catch Phrase (US game show)	director	Marty Pasetta
Agantuk	director	Satyajit Ray
Flawless (1999 film)	director	Joel Schumacher
Tales of Manhattan	director	Julien Duvivier
Lilith (film)	director	Robert Rossen
The Grizzly and the Treasure	director	James T. Flocker
The Nazis Strike	director	Frank Capra
The Nazis Strike	director	Anatole Litvak
Chrysalis (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Jonathan West
Treachery, Faith, and the Great River	director	Steve Posey
The Color Purple (film)	director	Steven Spielberg
Starcrash	director	Luigi Cozzi
Kyon Ki	director	Priyadarshan
South Central (TV series)	director	Stan Lathan
South Central (film)	director	Stephen Milburn Anderson
Woops!	director	Terry Hughes (director)
The Outsiders (film)	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Children of Time	director	Allan Kroeker
Cause for Alarm!	director	Tay Garnett
Joe's Apartment	director	John Payson
The Empty Mirror	director	Barry J. Hershey
Spiral (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	James A. Contner
Tough Love (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Grossman (director)
The Weight of the World (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Solomon (producer)
After Life (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Solomon (producer)
Flooded (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Doug Petrie
Life Serial	director	Nick Marck
All the Way (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Solomon (producer)
Wrecked (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Solomon (producer)
Doublemeat Palace	director	Nick Marck
Entropy (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	James A. Contner
Normal Again	director	Rick Rosenthal
Himalaya (film)	director	Éric Valli
A-Haunting We Will Go	director	Alfred L. Werker
Pocoyo	director	Guillermo García Carsí
Dragonheart: A New Beginning	director	Doug Lefler
The Black Rose	director	Henry Hathaway
Extreme Measures	director	Michael Apted
Bulldog Jack	director	Walter Forde
Once More Unto the Breach	director	Allan Kroeker
The Ambulance	director	Larry Cohen
Q (film)	director	Larry Cohen
Fade to Black (2004 film)	director	Patrick Paulson
Fade to Black (2004 film)	director	Michael John Warren
All About the Benjamins	director	Kevin Bray (director)
The Brink's Job	director	William Friedkin
The Myth of Fingerprints	director	Bart Freundlich
Tricky Brains	director	Wong Jing
Redemption: The Stan Tookie Williams Story	director	Vondie Curtis-Hall
A Return to Salem's Lot	director	Larry Cohen
The Mod Squad (film)	director	Scott Silver
Pictionary (1997 game show)	director	Richard S. Kline
Family — Ties of Blood	director	Rajkumar Santoshi
Fire on the Amazon	director	Luis Llosa
Les Dames du Bois de Boulogne	director	Robert Bresson
Andy Warhol's Bad	director	Jed Johnson (designer)
Goya's Ghosts	director	Miloš Forman
Lauderdale (film)	director	Bill Milling
Inferno (2001 film)	director	Paul Kousoulides
The Devil's Playground	director	Fred Schepisi
The Siege of AR-558	director	Winrich Kolbe
Splitting Heirs	director	Robert Young (director)
Jigsaw (U.S. TV series)	director	Marc Daniels
Jigsaw (U.S. TV series)	director	Walter Grauman
Jigsaw (U.S. TV series)	director	Barry Shear
Casanova (2005 film)	director	Lasse Hallström
Nous irons tous au paradis	director	Yves Robert
The Ten Commandments (1923 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Denise Calls Up	director	Hal Salwen
Knockout (game show)	director	Arthur Forrest
Beautiful Creatures	director	Bill Eagles
Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya (1998 film)	director	Sohail Khan
The Pegasus (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	LeVar Burton
Relics (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Alexander Singer
In Theory (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Patrick Stewart
Escape from Hong Kong Island	director	Simon Lui
Screaming Masterpiece	director	Ari Alexander Ergis Magnússon
Woman Thou Art Loosed	director	Michael Schultz
A Wicked Tale	director	Tzang Merwyn Tong
The Court-Martial of Billy Mitchell	director	Otto Preminger
The Battle of Russia	director	Frank Capra
The Battle of Russia	director	Anatole Litvak
Life, and Nothing More...	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Pony (film)	director	Ed Gass-Donnelly
Bed of Roses (film)	director	Michael Goldenberg
Separate Lies	director	Julian Fellowes
Attack of the 60 Foot Centerfold	director	Fred Olen Ray
The Big Noise	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
Tag 26	director	Andreas Samland
Mother Night (film)	director	Keith Gordon
Saw (2003 film)	director	James Wan
Breakfast of Champions (film)	director	Alan Rudolph
Slapstick of Another Kind	director	Steven Paul
That Vision Thing	director	Bill L. Norton
That Old Gang of Mine (Angel)	director	Frederick King Keller
Tirant lo Blanc (film)	director	Vicente Aranda
Twice Upon a Time (1953 film)	director	Emeric Pressburger
The Fat Guy Strangler	director	Sarah Frost
Neal 'n' Nikki	director	Arjun Sablok
The Prowler (1951 film)	director	Joseph Losey
Miracle in Milan	director	Vittorio De Sica
The Friends of Eddie Coyle	director	Peter Yates
The Virgin Queen (film)	director	Henry Koster
There Will Be Blood	director	Paul Thomas Anderson
Wicked Stepmother	director	Larry Cohen
The Sun Won't Set	director	Stephen Cragg
Warlords of Atlantis	director	Kevin Connor (director)
Voyage in Time	director	Tonino Guerra
Voyage in Time	director	Andrei Tarkovsky
Hobgoblins (film)	director	Rick Sloane
Night of the Living Dead 3D	director	Jeff Broadstreet
Elvis: That's the Way It Is	director	Denis Sanders
Dad (Angel)	director	Frederick King Keller
Andhra Kesari	director	Vijayachander
Scandal Sheet (1952 film)	director	Phil Karlson
The Day Britain Stopped	director	Gabriel Range
The Mole People (film)	director	Virgil W. Vogel
Murder in Mississippi	director	Roger Young (director)
Burn!	director	Gillo Pontecorvo
Das Netz	director	Lutz Dammbeck
Snoops (1989 TV series)	director	Ray Austin (director)
Snoops (1989 TV series)	director	Roy Campanella II
Snoops (1989 TV series)	director	Ivan Dixon
Snoops (1989 TV series)	director	James Fargo
Snoops (1989 TV series)	director	Burt Kennedy
Snoops (1989 TV series)	director	Gilbert Moses
Snoops (1989 TV series)	director	Sam Weisman
Janji Joni	director	Joko Anwar
Bridesmaids (1989 film)	director	Lila Garrett
Birthday (Angel)	director	Michael Grossman
Hussar Ballad	director	Eldar Ryazanov
Provider (Angel)	director	Bill L. Norton
Green Snake	director	Tsui Hark
In the Mix (film)	director	Ron Underwood
The Grudge 2	director	Takashi Shimizu
Aquamania	director	Wolfgang Reitherman
How to Play Baseball	director	Jack Kinney
Hockey Homicide	director	Jack Kinney
Maybe Baby (2000 film)	director	Ben Elton
Time Regained (film)	director	Raúl Ruiz
WIOU (TV series)	director	Donna Deitch
WIOU (TV series)	director	Jan Eliasberg
WIOU (TV series)	director	Arthur Allan Seidelman
Ghost in the Shell (film)	director	Mamoru Oshii
Goal II: Living the Dream	director	Jaume Collet-Serra
Toonsylvania	director	Jeff DeGrandis
Stage Fright (1987 film)	director	Michele Soavi
Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress (film)	director	Dai Sijie
Replicant (film)	director	Ringo Lam
Shattered (film)	director	Wolfgang Petersen
Hunter (film)	director	Leonard Horn
Sympathy for the Devil (film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Club Dread	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
O Fantasma	director	João Pedro Rodrigues
Moonrise (film)	director	Frank Borzage
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (film)	director	Marcus Nispel
The Candidate (1972 film)	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
The Magic Flute (1975 film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
The One with the Lesbian Wedding	director	Thomas Schlamme
The One After the Superbowl	director	Michael Lembeck
Helen Keller! The Musical	director	Trey Parker
Tristan & Isolde (film)	director	Kevin Reynolds (director)
The Lonely Lady	director	Peter Sasdy
It Happened in Brooklyn	director	Richard Whorf
Kairo (film)	director	Kiyoshi Kurosawa
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning	director	Jonathan Liebesman
Double or Nothing (Angel)	director	David Grossman (director)
Call It Courage  The Wonderful World of Disney: Call it Courage   1	director	Roy E. Disney
House of the Dead (film)	director	Uwe Boll
Interview with the Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles	director	Neil Jordan
Dinosaurus!	director	Irvin Yeaworth
Pilot (Desperate Housewives)	director	Charles McDougall
Repression (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Champion of Death	director	Kazuhiko Yamaguchi
Karate Bearfighter	director	Kazuhiko Yamaguchi
Faraway, So Close!	director	Wim Wenders
Gulliver's Travels (TV miniseries)	director	Charles Sturridge
Towelie	director	Trey Parker
The Nine Lives of Fritz the Cat	director	Robert Taylor (animator)
Déjà Vu (2006 film)	director	Tony Scott
Cover Up (film)	director	Alfred E. Green
The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo	director	Bruce Bilson
The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo	director	Nicholas Colasanto
The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo	director	Daniel Haller
The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo	director	Leslie H. Martinson
The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo	director	Christian I. Nyby II
Indra (film)	director	B Gopal
The Crooked Way	director	Robert Florey
I Led Three Lives	director	Leslie Goodwins
I Led Three Lives	director	Herbert L. Strock
Tudor Rose (film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Deewane Huye Paagal	director	Vikram Bhatt
The Merchant of Venice (2004 film)	director	Michael Radford
The Knockout	director	Charles Avery
Big Jim McLain	director	Edward Ludwig
The Great Waldo Pepper	director	George Roy Hill
Soft Cell's Non-Stop Exotic Video Show	director	Tim Pope
Kung Fu Panda	director	John Wayne Stevenson
Kung Fu Panda	director	Mark Osborne (filmmaker)
The Masked Marvel	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The One Where Dr. Ramoray Dies	director	Gail Mancuso
House by the River	director	Fritz Lang
La mujer de mi hermano	director	Ricardo de Montreuil
Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties	director	Tim Hill
Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse (film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Zero Effect	director	Jake Kasdan
Dangerous Child	director	Graeme Campbell (director)
Three Dollars	director	Robert Connolly
Sunshine (2007 film)	director	Danny Boyle
Music from Another Room (film)	director	Charlie Peters
The Green Slime	director	Kinji Fukasaku
You Can't Stop the Murders	director	Anthony Mir
The Crimson Code	director	Jeremy Haft
Cardiac Arrest (film)	director	Murray Mintz
Taj Mahal: An Eternal Love Story	director	Akbar Khan (director)
Duchess of Idaho	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Goodbye, Columbus (film)	director	Larry Peerce
Language of Love	director	Torgny Wickman
Gidget Goes Hawaiian	director	Paul Wendkos
Faithful (film)	director	Paul Mazursky
The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause	director	Michael Lembeck
The Father, the Son, and the Holy Fonz	director	James Purdum
Dhadkan	director	Dharmesh Darshan
Kung Phooey	director	Darryl Fong
Don't Come Knocking	director	Wim Wenders
The California Reich	director	Keith Critchlow (director)
The California Reich	director	Walter F. Parkes
Forever Mine	director	Paul Schrader
Deeply	director	Sheri Elwood
Gimme Shelter (1970 film)	director	Albert and David Maysles
Gimme Shelter (1970 film)	director	Charlotte Zwerin
Khaidi	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
The One Where No One's Ready	director	Gail Mancuso
TMNT (film)	director	Kevin Munroe
Haggard: The Movie	director	Bam Margera
Daughters of Today	director	Shankradev Arya
Bitter & Twisted (film)	director	Christopher Weekes
Pan's Labyrinth	director	Guillermo del Toro
Nobody Waved Good-bye	director	Don Owen (filmmaker)
Motel Hell	director	Kevin Connor (director)
Pinocchio and the Emperor of the Night	director	Hal Sutherland
Beowulf & Grendel	director	Sturla Gunnarsson
The Body Snatcher (film)	director	Robert Wise
Schulmädchen-Report	director	Ernst Hofbauer
Filantropica	director	Nae Caranfil
No Limit (1931 film)	director	Frank Tuttle
Evil (2003 film)	director	Mikael Håfström
Awara Paagal Deewana	director	Vikram Bhatt
Everynight ... Everynight	director	Alkinos Tsilimidos
Flight of the Phoenix (2004 film)	director	John Moore (director)
Free Willzyx	director	Trey Parker
Savage (video)	director	Sophie Muller
That's Good, That's Bad	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Posh Nosh	director	Chris Langham
A House Is Not a Home (film)	director	Russell Rouse
Realm of Fear	director	Cliff Bole
Hollow Pursuits	director	Cliff Bole
Sólo con tu pareja	director	Alfonso Cuarón
Everest (film)	director	Greg MacGillivray
Everest (film)	director	Stephen Judson
Everest (film)	director	David Breashears
Bar Hopping	director	Steve Cohen (director)
Melody (1971 film)	director	Waris Hussein
Night of the Demons (1988 film)	director	Kevin S. Tenney
NVA (film)	director	Leander Haußmann
The Island at the Top of the World	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
A Christmas Carol (2004 film)	director	Arthur Allan Seidelman
A Christmas Carol (1910 film)	director	J. Searle Dawley
Return to Paradise (1998 film)	director	Joseph Ruben
General Idi Amin Dada: A Self Portrait	director	Barbet Schroeder
Daughter of the Dragon	director	Lloyd Corrigan
Probably (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Come See the Paradise	director	Alan Parker
The Land Before Time IX: Journey to Big Water	director	Charles Grosvenor
A Very Crappy Christmas	director	Adrien Beard
Used Guys	director	Jay Roach
Capote (film)	director	Bennett Miller
Olympia (1998 film)	director	Bob Byington
The Death of Mr. Lazarescu	director	Cristi Puiu
3 Ninjas Kick Back	director	Charles T. Kanganis
3 Ninjas Knuckle Up	director	Shin Sang-ok
American Crime	director	Dan Mintz
Platypus Man	director	Andy Cadiff
The Main Event (1979 film)	director	Howard Zieff
Strange Parallel	director	Steve Hanft
Hercules (1983 film)	director	Luigi Cozzi
The Assistant (TV series)	director	Kasey Barrett
The Assistant (TV series)	director	Jeff Fisher
Comic Book Confidential	director	Ron Mann
The Sentinel (2006 film)	director	Clark Johnson
Ah, But Underneath	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Yeelen	director	Souleymane Cissé
Mama Flora's Family	director	Peter Werner
The Phantom Empire	director	Otto Brower
The Phantom Empire	director	B. Reeves Eason
Zorro, The Gay Blade	director	Peter Medak
Coraline (film)	director	Henry Selick
Phir Bhi Dil Hai Hindustani	director	Aziz Mirza
Strangers with Candy (film)	director	Paul Dinello
Transamerica (film)	director	Duncan Tucker
The Wild Blue Yonder	director	Werner Herzog
Danger Zone (film)	director	Allan Eastman
Jamaica Inn (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
The Monster (1925 film)	director	Roland West
Extreme Ops	director	Christian Duguay (director)
Bulletproof (1988 film)	director	Steve Carver
Les Uns et les Autres	director	Claude Lelouch
Going Places (1974 film)	director	Bertrand Blier
Virus (1999 film)	director	John Bruno (film director)
The Comfort of Strangers (film)	director	Paul Schrader
Bellyfruit	director	Kerri Green
Derailed (2002 film)	director	Bob Misiorowski
Pirates (1986 film)	director	Roman Polanski
Dirty Deeds (2002 film)	director	David Caesar
Funky Squad	director	Santo Cilauro
Funky Squad	director	Tom Gleisner
Funky Squad	director	Jane Kennedy (actor)
White Sands (film)	director	Roger Donaldson
Assassins (1995 film)	director	Richard Donner
The Little Kidnappers (1990 film)	director	Donald Shebib
Undercover Blues	director	Herbert Ross
The Ghost of Frankenstein	director	Erle C. Kenton
State of Denial (film)	director	Elaine Epstein
Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man	director	Roy William Neill
Son of Dracula (1943 film)	director	Robert Siodmak
House of Frankenstein (1944 film)	director	Erle C. Kenton
Little Dieter Needs to Fly	director	Werner Herzog
Crimewave	director	Sam Raimi
House of Dracula	director	Erle C. Kenton
Awake (film)	director	Joby Harold
Bells from the Deep	director	Werner Herzog
Father of the Bride Part II	director	Charles Shyer
The Ensigns of Command	director	Cliff Bole
Land of Silence and Darkness	director	Werner Herzog
How Much Wood Would a Woodchuck Chuck (film)	director	Werner Herzog
La Soufrière (film)	director	Werner Herzog
Camera (film)	director	David Cronenberg
The Eel (film)	director	Shōhei Imamura
Silent Enemy (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Nothing Is Easy: Live at the Isle of Wight 1970  Nothing Is Easy: Live at the Isle of Wight 1970   1	director	Murray Lerner
Looking for Comedy in the Muslim World	director	Albert Brooks
Phantasm III: Lord of the Dead	director	Don Coscarelli
Phantasm IV Oblivion	director	Don Coscarelli
Coming Home (Desperate Housewives)	director	Arlene Sanford
Alien 2 (Italian film)	director	Ciro Ippolito
Pretty Little Picture	director	Arlene Sanford
Threshold (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Alexander Singer
Tremors 3: Back to Perfection	director	Brent Maddock
Tremors 4: The Legend Begins	director	S. S. Wilson
It Had to Be You!	director	Maurice Li
It Had to Be You!	director	Andrew Loo
Želary	director	Ondřej Trojan
Three of Hearts (film)	director	Yurek Bogayevicz
7 mujeres, 1 homosexual y Carlos	director	Rene Bueno
Peace Through Superior Firepower	director	Steve Graham
Harlequin (film)	director	Simon Wincer
Der Blindgänger	director	Andreas Samland
Der Blindgänger	director	Doerte Schreiterer
Yolanda and the Thief	director	Vincente Minnelli
Sadomania	director	Jesús Franco
Dear Doctor	director	James A. Contner
Sleeping Dogs (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Les Landau
Shuttlepod One	director	David Livingston
Fusion (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Rob Hedden
Rogue Planet (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Allan Kroeker
Narcissus (1983 film)	director	Norman McLaren
True Crime (1999 film)	director	Clint Eastwood
L'armata Brancaleone	director	Mario Monicelli
Trials and Tribble-ations	director	Jonathan West
Come In, Stranger	director	Arlene Sanford
Who's That Woman?	director	Jeff Melman
Guilty (Desperate Housewives)	director	Fred Gerber
Come Back to Me (Desperate Housewives)	director	Fred Gerber
Every Day a Little Death	director	David Grossman (director)
Your Fault	director	Arlene Sanford
Live Alone and Like It	director	Arlene Sanford
Move On (Desperate Housewives)	director	John David Coles
Fear No More	director	Jeff Melman
Sunday in the Park with George (Desperate Housewives)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Goodbye for Now	director	David Grossman (director)
Children Will Listen	director	Larry Shaw (director)
There Won't Be Trumpets	director	Jeff Melman
Impossible (Desperate Housewives)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Love Is in the Air (Desperate Housewives)	director	Jeff Melman
Running to Stand Still (Desperate Housewives)	director	Fred Gerber
Anything You Can Do (Desperate Housewives)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Suspicious Minds (Desperate Housewives)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Acquisition (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
Oasis (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Jim Charleston
Detained	director	David Livingston
Rightful Heir	director	Winrich Kolbe
Aquiel	director	Cliff Bole
Black Mask (film)	director	Daniel Lee (film director)
Blue Movie	director	Andy Warhol
Esquilache	director	Josefina Molina
Poltergeist III	director	Gary Sherman (director)
My Brother…Nikhil	director	Onir
On Any Sunday	director	Bruce Brown
The Joker Is Wild	director	Charles Vidor
Drawing Flies	director	Malcolm Ingram
Gunner Palace	director	Michael Tucker (director)
District 13	director	Pierre Morel
The Laughing Policeman (film)	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Balseros (film)	director	Carlos Bosch
Balseros (film)	director	Josep Maria Domènech
Leap of Faith (film)	director	Richard Pearce (film director)
Ultraman: The Adventure Begins	director	Mitsuo Kusakabe
Seaway (TV series)	director	Abner Biberman
Seaway (TV series)	director	Herschel Daugherty
Seaway (TV series)	director	Lawrence Dobkin
Seaway (TV series)	director	Irving Lerner
Seaway (TV series)	director	George McCowan
Seaway (TV series)	director	Daniel Petrie
Seaway (TV series)	director	Abraham Polonsky
Seaway (TV series)	director	Eric Till
Sixth Happiness	director	Waris Hussein
Winning	director	James Goldstone
G.I. Joe: Valor vs. Venom	director	Dale Carman
Brian Sings and Swings	director	Zac Moncrief
Dil Hai Ki Manta Nahin	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Vox Sola	director	Roxann Dawson
Desert Crossing	director	David Straiton
Identity Crisis (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Winrich Kolbe
The Man with the Power (The Outer Limits)	director	László Benedek
Two Days and Two Nights	director	Michael Dorn
Shockwave (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Allan Kroeker
Doctor Faustus (film)	director	Richard Burton
Doctor Faustus (film)	director	Nevill Coghill
Three from Buttermilk Village	director	Vladimir Popov
Rainbow Brite and the Star Stealer	director	Bernard Deyriès
Rainbow Brite and the Star Stealer	director	Kimio Yabuki
My Neighbors the Yamadas	director	Isao Takahata
Super 8 (film)	director	J. J. Abrams
Margaret (2011 film)	director	Kenneth Lonergan
The Longest Yard (2005 film)	director	Peter Segal
The Hours (film)	director	Stephen Daldry
Chattahoochee (film)	director	Mick Jackson (director)
Two Thousand Maniacs!	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Prelude to War	director	Frank Capra
They Call Us Misfits	director	Stefan Jarl
They Call Us Misfits	director	Jan Lindkvist
Devil in the Flesh (1986 film)	director	Marco Bellocchio
Okage: Shadow King	director	Noriyuki Henmi
I Stand Alone (film)	director	Gaspar Noé
Moon over Parador	director	Paul Mazursky
Les Amants du Pont-Neuf	director	Leos Carax
She Hate Me	director	Spike Lee
The Eddy Duchin Story	director	George Sidney
Cannonball (TV series)	director	Harry Keller
Deadly Drifter	director	Eli Hollander
The Seventh	director	David Livingston
Southie (film)	director	John Shea
The Communicator (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	James A. Contner
Singularity (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	Patrick Norris
Bloody Mary (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Vanishing Point (Star Trek: Enterprise)	director	David Straiton
Precious Cargo	director	David Livingston
Superstar Female Serial Killer	director	Chris Morrissey (filmmaker)
Kasoor	director	Vikram Bhatt
The Catwalk	director	Mike Vejar
The Unsaid (2001 film)	director	Tom McLoughlin
Man About Town (2006 film)	director	Mike Binder
Dalagang Bukid	director	José Nepomuceno
The Dub Room Special	director	Frank Zappa
Tender Comrade	director	Edward Dmytryk
Three O'Clock High	director	Phil Joanou
Beep Prepared	director	Chuck Jones
Espionage (TV series)	director	David Greene (director)
Espionage (TV series)	director	Herbert Hirschman
Espionage (TV series)	director	Ken Hughes
Espionage (TV series)	director	Michael Powell (director)
Espionage (TV series)	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Espionage (TV series)	director	James Sheldon
The Gang's All Here (1943 film)	director	Busby Berkeley
Dinner at Eight (film)	director	George Cukor
Athadu	director	Trivikram Srinivas
Day of Wrath	director	Carl Theodor Dreyer
From a Bird's Eye View	director	Ralph Levy
From a Bird's Eye View	director	John Robins
Christmas Child	director	William Ewing
Blues in the Night (1941 film)	director	Anatole Litvak
Sansho the Bailiff	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
The Flowers of St. Francis	director	Roberto Rossellini
My Night at Maud's	director	Éric Rohmer
La promesse	director	Dardenne brothers
La promesse	director	Dardenne brothers
Europa '51	director	Roberto Rossellini
Werckmeister Harmonies	director	Béla Tarr
Nazarín	director	Luis Buñuel
A Little Princess (1995 film)	director	Alfonso Cuarón
The Little Princess (1939 film)	director	Walter Lang
The Little Princess (1917 film)	director	Marshall Neilan
Anne of Green Gables (1919 film)	director	William Desmond Taylor
Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm (1917 film)	director	Marshall Neilan
Abel's Island (film)	director	Michael Sporn
Anne of Green Gables (1934 film)	director	George Nichols Jr.
Anne of Green Gables (1956 film)	director	Don Harron
Lonesome Cowboys (1968 film)	director	Andy Warhol
In Cold Blood (film)	director	Richard Brooks
Private Hell 36	director	Don Siegel
VNRVJIET	director	Sri P.Punnaiah
Brancaleone at the Crusades	director	Mario Monicelli
The Hearts of Age	director	Orson Welles
Condorman	director	Charles Jarrott
Sam Whiskey	director	Arnold Laven
I Married Dora	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
I Married Dora	director	Peter H. Hunt
Tuvalu (film)	director	Veit Helmer
NASCAR Racers	director	Dennis Woodyard
Sarah Silverman: Jesus Is Magic	director	Liam Lynch (musician)
The Triangle (TV miniseries)	director	Craig R. Baxley
Doctor Doctor (1989 TV series)	director	Robert Berlinger
Doctor Doctor (1989 TV series)	director	Peter Bonerz
Doctor Doctor (1989 TV series)	director	Richard Dubin
Doctor Doctor (1989 TV series)	director	David Frankel
Doctor Doctor (1989 TV series)	director	Michael Lembeck
Doctor Doctor (1989 TV series)	director	John Neal
Doctor Doctor (1989 TV series)	director	John Whitesell
Doctor Doctor (1989 TV series)	director	James Widdoes
Unforgettable (film)	director	John Dahl
Shankar Dada MBBS	director	Jayanth C. Paranjee
Felicia's Journey (film)	director	Atom Egoyan
Speed Zone!	director	Jim Drake (director)
FairyTale: A True Story	director	Charles Sturridge
Tabitha (TV series)	director	William Asher
Tabitha (TV series)	director	Bruce Bilson
A Talking Picture	director	Manoel de Oliveira
A Time for Drunken Horses	director	Bahman Ghobadi
Veronika Voss	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
The Flame and the Arrow	director	Jacques Tourneur
The Hiding Place (film)	director	James F. Collier
Peter and Paul	director	Robert Day (director)
Town & Country (film)	director	Peter Chelsom
Stevie (2002 film)	director	Steve James (producer)
Pope John Paul II (TV miniseries)	director	John Kent Harrison
The Town That Dreaded Sundown	director	Charles B. Pierce
The Last Remake of Beau Geste	director	Marty Feldman
A Better Tomorrow 2	director	John Woo
Howling: New Moon Rising	director	Clive Turner
A Streetcar Named Desire (1951 film)	director	Elia Kazan
Short Time	director	Gregg Champion
Pokémon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
The Addiction	director	Abel Ferrara
The Bradys	director	Bruce Bilson
The Bradys	director	Nancy Malone
The Bradys	director	Dick Martin (comedian)
The Bradys	director	Bob Sweeney (director)
Girl Shy	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Girl Shy	director	Sam Taylor (director)
A Very Brady Christmas	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
This Film Is Not Yet Rated	director	Kirby Dick
Minnale	director	Gautham Menon
The Killers (1956 film)	director	Andrei Tarkovsky
There Will Be No Leave Today	director	Aleksandr Gordon
There Will Be No Leave Today	director	Andrei Tarkovsky
Drum (2004 film)	director	Zola Maseko
It's All True (film)	director	Orson Welles
It's All True (film)	director	Norman Foster (director)
Cinderfella	director	Frank Tashlin
The Boys of Baraka	director	Heidi Ewing
The Boys of Baraka	director	Rachel Grady
GoGo Sentai Boukenger	director	Satoshi Morota
GoGo Sentai Boukenger	director	Shōjirō Nakazawa
GoGo Sentai Boukenger	director	Noboru Takemoto
GoGo Sentai Boukenger	director	Tarō Sakamoto
GoGo Sentai Boukenger	director	Katsuya Watanabe
GoGo Sentai Boukenger	director	Nobuhiro Suzumura
Count Yorga, Vampire	director	Bob Kelljan
3:10 to Yuma (1957 film)	director	Delmer Daves
Blue Collar (film)	director	Paul Schrader
A Geisha	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Port of Shadows	director	Marcel Carné
The Angry Silence	director	Guy Green (filmmaker)
I Don't Kiss	director	André Téchiné
The Dreamlife of Angels	director	Erick Zonca
The Man Who Loved Women (1983 film)	director	Blake Edwards
The Man Who Loved Women (1977 film)	director	François Truffaut
Who Watches the Watchers	director	Robert Wiemer
Down by Law (film)	director	Jim Jarmusch
The Overlanders (film)	director	Harry Watt (director)
Hirak Rajar Deshe	director	Satyajit Ray
Shakha Proshakha	director	Satyajit Ray
Abhijan	director	Satyajit Ray
Another Day in Paradise (film)	director	Larry Clark
Crime and Punishment in Suburbia	director	Rob Schmidt
Alaska (film)	director	Fraser Clarke Heston
Time and Again (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Les Landau
Jo Jo Dancer, Your Life Is Calling	director	Richard Pryor
Another You	director	Maurice Phillips
The Fox (1967 film)	director	Mark Rydell
7 Days (Ireland)	director	Eoghan Harris
The American Astronaut	director	Cory McAbee
Reefer Madness	director	Louis J. Gasnier
Reefer Madness (2005 film)	director	Andy Fickman
The Foreigner (film)	director	Michael Oblowitz
Dragon's Teeth (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Fred and Barney Meet the Thing	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Fred and Barney Meet the Thing	director	George Gordon (animator)
Fred and Barney Meet the Thing	director	Carl Urbano
Josh and S.A.M.	director	Billy Weber
Girl, Interrupted (film)	director	James Mangold
The Patriot (1998 film)	director	Dean Semler
The Patriot (1928 film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
The Gods Must Be Crazy II	director	Jamie Uys
Pratidwandi	director	Satyajit Ray
Ganashatru	director	Satyajit Ray
Galpa Holeo Satyi	director	Tapan Sinha
Saul of the Mole Men	director	Tom Stern (director)
O.S.S. (TV series)	director	Allan Davis
O.S.S. (TV series)	director	Robert Siodmak
Shalimar (film)	director	Krishna Shah
El Muerto (film)	director	Brian Cox (director)
Madame Rosa	director	Moshé Mizrahi
Jana Aranya	director	Satyajit Ray
Cadence (film)	director	Martin Sheen
Picking Up the Pieces	director	Alfonso Arau
Scenes from a Mall	director	Paul Mazursky
Invasion of the Neptune Men	director	Koji Ota (film director)
15 Minutes	director	John Herzfeld
Noriko's Dinner Table	director	Sion Sono
The Schizoid Man (The Prisoner)	director	Pat Jackson
Take Me Out to the Holosuite	director	Chip Chalmers
The Emperor's New Cloak	director	LeVar Burton
Profit and Lace	director	Alexander Siddig
Distant Voices	director	Alexander Singer
One Survivor Remembers	director	Kary Antholis
Wanted: Dead or Alive (film)	director	Gary Sherman (director)
Mickey's Magical Christmas: Snowed in at the House of Mouse	director	Tony Craig
Springtime with Roo	director	Elliot M. Bour
Springtime with Roo	director	Saul Andrew Blinkoff
Blackmail (1939 film)	director	H. C. Potter
Three Little Words (film)	director	Richard Thorpe
The President's Analyst	director	Theodore J. Flicker
Humanap Ka ng Panget	director	Ben Feleo
La Grande Vadrouille	director	Gérard Oury
Jones (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
Covenant (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	John T. Kretchmer
Waterloo Road (film)	director	Sidney Gilliat
Zotz!	director	William Castle
Maniac (1934 film)	director	Dwain Esper
Whispering Sands	director	Nan Triveni Achnas
Flaxy Martin	director	Richard L. Bare
Marihuana (film)	director	Dwain Esper
Letter to Jane	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Letter to Jane	director	Jean-Pierre Gorin
In Old California (1910 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Poison (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Gloria Muzio
The Pardoner's Tale (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Steve Shill
Pähkähullu Suomi	director	Jukka Virtanen (director)
Näköradiomiehen ihmeelliset siekailut	director	Ere Kokkonen
Uuno Turhapuro armeijan leivissä	director	Ere Kokkonen
Wake, Rattle, and Roll	director	Doug Rogers
Wake, Rattle, and Roll	director	Steven J. Santos
Seemabaddha	director	Satyajit Ray
The Thief of Bagdad (1940 film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Thief of Bagdad (1940 film)	director	Ludwig Berger (director)
The Thief of Bagdad (1940 film)	director	Tim Whelan
The Thief of Bagdad (1940 film)	director	Alexander Korda
The Thief of Bagdad (1940 film)	director	Zoltan Korda
The Thief of Bagdad (1940 film)	director	William Cameron Menzies
Alborada	director	Mónica Miguel
Alborada	director	Sergio Quintero
On Moonlight Bay (film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
A Claymation Christmas Celebration	director	Will Vinton
The Proud Valley	director	Pen Tennyson
Rize (film)	director	David LaChapelle
Song of Freedom	director	J. Elder Wills
Career Opportunities (film)	director	Bryan Gordon
Chappaqua (film)	director	Conrad Rooks
By the Light of the Silvery Moon (film)	director	David Butler (director)
The Matador	director	Richard Shepard
It's Only a Paper Moon (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Anson Williams
Night After Night (film)	director	Archie Mayo
Hey Vern, It's Ernest!	director	John R. Cherry III
Zombie High	director	Ron Link
Made in America (film)	director	Richard Benjamin
The Longest Nite	director	Patrick Yau
Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay	director	Jon Hurwitz
Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay	director	Hayden Schlossberg
Mulawin: The Movie	director	Dominic Zapata
Mulawin: The Movie	director	Mark A. Reyes
Amarkalam	director	Saran (director)
The Legend of Boggy Creek	director	Charles B. Pierce
Death Takes a Holiday	director	Mitchell Leisen
Sergio (film)	director	Greg Barker
Surviving the Game	director	Ernest Dickerson
The Cat o' Nine Tails	director	Dario Argento
Dream Machine (film)	director	Lyman Dayton
Dream a Little Dream	director	Marc Rocco
A Personal Journey with Martin Scorsese Through American Movies	director	Martin Scorsese
A Personal Journey with Martin Scorsese Through American Movies	director	Michael Henry Wilson
Wal-Mart: The High Cost of Low Price	director	Robert Greenwald
Cast a Giant Shadow	director	Melville Shavelson
Abraxas, Guardian of the Universe	director	Damian Lee
Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie	director	Claudie Haigneré
Love Hurts (1991 film)	director	Bud Yorkin
The Good Doctor (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Constantine Makris
Enemy Within (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	John David Coles
Unknown (2006 film)	director	Simon Brand
Excess Baggage	director	Marco Brambilla
Rain Without Thunder	director	Gary Bennett (director)
Takin' Over the Asylum	director	David Blair
Burden of Dreams	director	Les Blank
The Visitor (TV series)	director	Kevin Kerslake
The Visitor (TV series)	director	Randall Zisk
Necromania	director	Ed Wood
Jumper (film)	director	Doug Liman
April Fool's Day (1986 film)	director	Fred Walton
Night of the Big Heat (1967 film)	director	Terence Fisher
Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers	director	Fred Olen Ray
Eye of the Tiger (film)	director	Richard C. Sarafian
Tales from Earthsea (film)	director	Gorō Miyazaki
The Third Horseman	director	Constantine Makris
Sorority Boys	director	Wallace Wolodarsky
Thinner (film)	director	Tom Holland
Trenchcoat (film)	director	Michael Tuchner
One More Kiss	director	Wendey Stanzler
Art Gallery of Nova Scotia	director	Ray Cronin
Family Secrets (1984 film)	director	Jack Hofsiss
Stepsister from Planet Weird	director	Steve Boyum
The Doctor (film)	director	Randa Haines
Sur mes lèvres	director	Jacques Audiard
In the Wee Small Hours (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
Creepozoids	director	David DeCoteau
The Best of Times (film)	director	Roger Spottiswoode
X-15 (film)	director	Richard Donner
Tender Is the Night (film)	director	Henry King (director)
Sacrifice of Angels	director	Allan Kroeker
Conan the Barbarian (1982 film)	director	John Milius
Shatter (film)	director	Michael Carreras
Shatter (film)	director	Monte Hellman
Kamen Rider ZO	director	Keita Amemiya
Lanigan's Rabbi	director	John Astin
Lanigan's Rabbi	director	Joseph Pevney
Lanigan's Rabbi	director	Leonard B. Stern
Tarzoon: Shame of the Jungle	director	Picha
Tarzoon: Shame of the Jungle	director	Boris Szulzinger
Mikey and Nicky	director	Elaine May
Africa Screams	director	Charles Barton
Chelsea Girls	director	Andy Warhol
Chelsea Girls	director	Paul Morrissey
Jack and the Beanstalk (1952 film)	director	Jean Yarbrough
The Off Season	director	James Felix McKenney
Little Shop of Horrors (film)	director	Frank Oz
Dennis the Menace (film)	director	Nick Castle
Caffeine (film)	director	John Cosgrove (producer)
Kook's Tour	director	Norman Maurer
Mr. Magoo (film)	director	Stanley Tong
Moon Zero Two	director	Roy Ward Baker
George of the Jungle (film)	director	Sam Weisman
George of the Jungle 2	director	David Grossman
Udayon	director	Bhadran
Alive (2002 film)	director	Ryuhei Kitamura
Ring Around the Moon (Space: 1999)	director	Ray Austin (director)
A Star Is Born (1937 film)	director	William A. Wellman
A Star Is Born (1954 film)	director	George Cukor
A Star Is Born (1976 film)	director	Frank Pierson
Infinity (film)	director	Matthew Broderick
The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill	director	Judy Irving
You Nazty Spy!	director	Jules White
Yamato (film)	director	Junya Sato
About Love	director	Ten Shimoyama
About Love	director	Yee Chin-yen
About Love	director	Zhang Yibai
Angel-A	director	Luc Besson
High Time (film)	director	Blake Edwards
Phage (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Winrich Kolbe
The Cloud (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Whore (1991 film)	director	Ken Russell
Racing with the Moon	director	Richard Benjamin
The Boy in Blue (1986 film)	director	Charles Jarrott
Portrait of Hell	director	Shirō Toyoda
The Final Days (film)	director	Richard Pearce (film director)
The Invitations	director	Andy Ackerman
Demolition University	director	Kevin S. Tenney
Harry O	director	Richard Benedict
Harry O	director	Daryl Duke
Harry O	director	Jerry London
Harry O	director	Russ Mayberry
Harry O	director	John Newland
Harry O	director	Jerry Thorpe
Harry O	director	Paul Wendkos
Harry O	director	Don Weis
The Secret of the Telegian	director	Jun Fukuda
Lady Frankenstein	director	Mel Welles
Lady Frankenstein	director	Aureliano Luppi
Shaadi No. 1	director	David Dhawan
The Insider (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jan Egleson
Street Fight (film)	director	Marshall Curry
The Private Eye Blues	director	Eddie Ling-Ching Fong
Eels with Strings: Live at Town Hall  Eels with Strings: Live at Town Hall   1	director	Niels Alpert
City Heat	director	Richard Benjamin
Shatter Dead	director	Scooter McCrae
A Midnight Clear	director	Keith Gordon
Rm w/a Vu	director	Scott McGinnis
Sense & Sensitivity	director	James A. Contner
Bachelor Party (Angel)	director	David Straiton
She (Angel)	director	David Greenwalt
The Prodigal (Angel)	director	Bruce Seth Green
Sanctuary (Angel)	director	Michael Lange
War Zone (Angel)	director	David Straiton
Blind Date (Angel)	director	Thomas J. Wright
To Shanshu in L.A.	director	David Greenwalt
Judgment (Angel)	director	Michael Lange
The Master Gunfighter	director	Frank Laughlin
The Land Before Time VII: The Stone of Cold Fire	director	Charles Grosvenor
Crack in the World	director	Andrew Marton
Jack the Bear	director	Marshall Herskovitz
She Wore a Yellow Ribbon	director	John Ford
Fort Apache (film)	director	John Ford
Midnight Movies: From the Margin to the Mainstream	director	Stuart Samuels
The Christmas Blessing	director	Karen Arthur
The Hunter (1980 film)	director	Buzz Kulik
Autumn Moon	director	Clara Law
Colossus and the Headhunters	director	Guido Malatesta
Danger!! Death Ray	director	Gianfranco Baldanello
Thumbelina (1994 film)	director	Don Bluth
Thumbelina (1994 film)	director	Gary Goldman
March on Rome (film)	director	Dino Risi
Julius Caesar (TV miniseries)	director	Uli Edel
Day Watch (film)	director	Timur Bekmambetov
Confetti (2006 film)	director	Debbie Isitt
Somnambulist (Angel)	director	Winrich Kolbe
In My Country	director	John Boorman
Expecting (Angel)	director	David Semel
I'm No Angel	director	Wesley Ruggles
16 December (film)	director	Mani Shankar
The Sixth Finger	director	James Goldstone
The Incredible Crash Dummies (TV Special)	director	Mark Mariutto
I Love Your Work	director	Adam Goldberg
The Program	director	David S. Ward
The Bottle Deposit (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Cave of the Yellow Dog	director	Byambasuren Davaa
Tutenstein	director	Bob Richardson (animator)
Universal Soldier (1971 film)	director	Cy Endfield
Little Nemo: Adventures in Slumberland	director	Masami Hata
Little Nemo: Adventures in Slumberland	director	William Hurtz
Leviathan (film)	director	George P. Cosmatos
Right to Die (film)	director	Paul Wendkos
Love Don't Cost a Thing (film)	director	Troy Beyer
Vampires in Havana	director	Juan Padrón
Victor and Victoria	director	Reinhold Schünzel
DAG (TV series)	director	Kevin Bright
DAG (TV series)	director	John Fortenberry
DAG (TV series)	director	Dennie Gordon
DAG (TV series)	director	Shelley Jensen
DAG (TV series)	director	Don Scardino
DAG (TV series)	director	Andrew Tsao
Jodhaa Akbar	director	Ashutosh Gowariker
Year of the Jellyfish	director	Christopher Frank
La femme publique	director	Andrzej Żuławski
The Mechanic (1972 film)	director	Michael Winner
Stardust (2007 film)	director	Matthew Vaughn
Shattered Mirror (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	James L. Conway
Resurrection (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	LeVar Burton
The Man Who Was Never Born	director	Leonard Horn
Spin and Marty	director	William Beaudine
Stephen Tobolowsky's Birthday Party	director	Robert Brinkmann
The One with the Embryos	director	Kevin Bright
Bug (2006 film)	director	William Friedkin
The Hills Have Eyes (2006 film)	director	Alexandre Aja
Ladybugs (film)	director	Sidney J. Furie
The Mummy's Hand	director	Christy Cabanne
Mr Bones	director	Gray Hofmeyr
O.B.I.T.	director	Gerd Oswald
Tiger on Beat	director	Lau Kar-leung
Drive Me Crazy	director	John Schultz (director)
D.O.A. (1988 film)	director	Annabel Jankel
D.O.A. (1988 film)	director	Rocky Morton
Kronk's New Groove	director	Elliot M. Bour
Kronk's New Groove	director	Saul Andrew Blinkoff
Camelot (film)	director	Joshua Logan
The Human Factor (1963 The Outer Limits)	director	Abner Biberman
Black Emanuelle	director	Bitto Albertini
Shot Through the Heart	director	David Attwood
Metropolitan (film)	director	Whit Stillman
The Black Sheep of Whitehall	director	Basil Dearden
The Black Sheep of Whitehall	director	Will Hay
The Mummy's Tomb	director	Harold Young
Bittersweet Motel	director	Todd Phillips
Major League II	director	David S. Ward
The Jackie Robinson Story	director	Alfred E. Green
Fast Getaway	director	Spiro Razatos
Stay Hungry	director	Bob Rafelson
The Barkleys of Broadway	director	Charles Walters
Filthy Rich (1982 TV series)	director	Rod Daniel
Filthy Rich (1982 TV series)	director	Wes Kenney
Gangaajal	director	Prakash Jha
The Magician's House	director	Paul Lynch (director)
The Legends of Treasure Island	director	Dino Athanassiou
The Legends of Treasure Island	director	Simon Ward-Horner
Patriot Games (film)	director	Phillip Noyce
Old Shatterhand (film)	director	Hugo Fregonese
All of Me (1984 film)	director	Carl Reiner
Circus Boy	director	George Archainbaud
Circus Boy	director	William Beaudine
Corpus Earthling	director	Gerd Oswald
The Grass Is Greener	director	Stanley Donen
Spiritual Kung Fu	director	Lo Wei
The Mummy's Ghost	director	Reginald Le Borg
Spermula	director	Charles Matton
Night Terrors (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Les Landau
Hampton Court (TV series)	director	Sally Brady
Albino Alligator	director	Kevin Spacey
The Fast Lady	director	Ken Annakin
Swallowtail Butterfly (film)	director	Shunji Iwai
Grow (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
Zoo TV: Live from Sydney	director	David Mallet (director)
Crimson Rivers II: Angels of the Apocalypse	director	Olivier Dahan
Vertigo 2005: Live from Chicago	director	Hamish Hamilton (director)
PopMart: Live from Mexico City	director	David Mallet (director)
Elevation 2001: Live from Boston	director	Hamish Hamilton (director)
U2 Go Home: Live from Slane Castle, Ireland	director	Hamish Hamilton (director)
Princess Gwenevere and the Jewel Riders	director	Robert Mandell
Watchers (film)	director	Jon Hess (director)
Dulhan Hum Le Jayenge	director	David Dhawan
Ivan Vasilievich: Back to the Future	director	Leonid Gaidai
Mystery Train (film)	director	Jim Jarmusch
Curse of the Fly	director	Don Sharp
Count Dracula (1970 film)	director	Jesús Franco
The Magnificent Ambersons (film)	director	Orson Welles
The Magnificent Ambersons (film)	director	Fred Fleck
Camp Candy	director	Scott Shaw (artist)
Gung Ho (film)	director	Ron Howard
Suspense (1946 film)	director	Frank Tuttle
Nightmare (1963 The Outer Limits)	director	John Erman
Far from the Madding Crowd (1967 film)	director	John Schlesinger
Skidoo (film)	director	Otto Preminger
George Wallace (film)	director	John Frankenheimer
Cat on a Hot Tin Roof (film)	director	Richard Brooks
Police Academy 3: Back in Training	director	Jerry Paris
Hi-Line (film)	director	Ron Judkins
Dingo (film)	director	Rolf de Heer
Battlestar Galactica: The Second Coming	director	Richard Hatch
Battlestar Galactica: The Second Coming	director	Jay Woelfel
Room 6	director	Michael Hurst
House of Fools (film)	director	Andrei Konchalovsky
The Jihad	director	Hal Sutherland
Albatross (Star Trek: The Animated Series)	director	Hal Sutherland
Bem (Star Trek: The Animated Series)	director	Hal Sutherland
Unscripted	director	George Clooney
Unscripted	director	Grant Heslov
Private Resort	director	George Bowers (filmmaker)
The Survivor (Star Trek: The Animated Series)	director	Hal Sutherland
The Tornado	director	John Ford
One of Our Planets Is Missing	director	Hal Sutherland
Mudd's Passion	director	Hal Sutherland
The Terratin Incident	director	Hal Sutherland
The Pirates of Orion	director	Hal Sutherland
The Practical Joker	director	Hal Sutherland
The Counter-Clock Incident	director	Bill Reed
How Sharper Than a Serpent's Tooth	director	Bill Reed
The Slaver Weapon	director	Hal Sutherland
The Ambergris Element	director	Hal Sutherland
Vampire Assassin	director	Ron Hall (actor)
The Lovely Bones (film)	director	Peter Jackson
The Bachelor and the Bobby-Soxer	director	Irving Reis
Sex Traffic	director	David Yates
It Crawled Out of the Woodwork	director	Gerd Oswald
The Passing of the Oklahoma Outlaws	director	Bill Tilghman
Eye of the Needle (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Arna's Children	director	Juliano Mer-Khamis
Arna's Children	director	Danniel Danniel
The Milagro Beanfield War	director	Robert Redford
The Outcasts (TV series)	director	Robert Butler (director)
The Outcasts (TV series)	director	Marc Daniels
The Outcasts (TV series)	director	Robert Sparr
The Outcasts (TV series)	director	E.W. Swackhamer
Star Pilot	director	Pietro Francisci
Female Vampire	director	Jesús Franco
Dr. Dolittle 3	director	Rich Thorne
Smart House (film)	director	LeVar Burton
Rip Girls	director	Joyce Chopra
The Inglorious Bastards	director	Enzo G. Castellari
The Curve (film)	director	Dan Rosen
Le Beau Serge	director	Claude Chabrol
The Honey Pot	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Purely Belter	director	Mark Herman
The Mummy's Curse	director	Leslie Goodwins
Sky High (2003 film)	director	Ryuhei Kitamura
The Daytrippers	director	Greg Mottola
Retreat, Hell!	director	Joseph H. Lewis
Dressed to Kill (1946 film)	director	Roy William Neill
Scoop (2006 film)	director	Woody Allen
Taste the Blood of Dracula	director	Peter Sasdy
La mujer en el espejo	director	Rodolfo Hoyos
La mujer en el espejo	director	Ricardo Suárez
Radar Men from the Moon	director	Fred C. Brannon
Voyage to the Planet of Prehistoric Women	director	Peter Bogdanovich
It's the Rage (film)	director	James D. Stern
La Boum 2	director	Claude Pinoteau
Prayer of the Rollerboys	director	Rick King
Untouched (Angel)	director	Joss Whedon
Dear Boy	director	David Greenwalt
Guise Will Be Guise	director	Krishna Rao (director)
Darla (Angel episode)	director	Tim Minear
The Shroud of Rahmon	director	David Grossman (director)
The Trial (Angel)	director	Bruce Seth Green
Reunion (Angel)	director	James A. Contner
Redefinition	director	Michael Grossman
Happy Anniversary (Angel)	director	Bill L. Norton
The Thin Dead Line	director	Scott McGinnis
Reprise (Angel)	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
Epiphany (Angel)	director	Thomas J. Wright
Over the Rainbow (Angel)	director	Frederick King Keller
Through the Looking Glass (Angel)	director	Tim Minear
Heartthrob	director	David Greenwalt
Carpe Noctem (Angel)	director	James A. Contner
Fredless	director	Marita Grabiak
Billy (Angel)	director	David Grossman (director)
Oh, What a Night (film)	director	Eric Till
Quickening (Angel)	director	Skip Schoolnik
Lullaby (Angel)	director	Tim Minear
Waiting in the Wings (Angel)	director	Joss Whedon
Couplet (Angel)	director	Tim Minear
Loyalty (Angel)	director	James A. Contner
Sleep Tight (Angel)	director	Terrence O'Hara
The Price (Angel)	director	Marita Grabiak
A New World (Angel)	director	Tim Minear
Benediction (Angel)	director	Tim Minear
Tomorrow (Angel)	director	David Greenwalt
Deep Down	director	Terrence O'Hara
Ground State (Angel)	director	Michael Grossman
The House Always Wins	director	Marita Grabiak
Supersymmetry (Angel)	director	Bill L. Norton
Spin the Bottle (Angel)	director	Joss Whedon
Habeas Corpses	director	Skip Schoolnik
Long Day's Journey	director	Terrence O'Hara
Apocalypse, Nowish	director	Vern Gillum
Awakening (Angel)	director	James A. Contner
Soulless (Angel)	director	Sean Astin
Calvary (Angel)	director	Bill L. Norton
Orpheus (Angel)	director	Terrence O'Hara
Michael (1924 film)	director	Carl Theodor Dreyer
Release (Angel)	director	James A. Contner
That Night in Toronto	director	François Lamoureux
That Night in Toronto	director	Pierre Lamoureux
Blown Away (1992 film)	director	Brenton Spencer
The Double 0 Kid	director	Dee McLachlan
Life Stinks	director	Mel Brooks
Padre Padrone	director	Paolo and Vittorio Taviani
Padre Padrone	director	Paolo and Vittorio Taviani
Black Rain (American film)	director	Ridley Scott
The Last of England (film)	director	Derek Jarman
Baa Baa Black Sheep (TV series)	director	Robert Conrad
Wife vs. Secretary	director	Clarence Brown
You So Crazy	director	Thomas Schlamme
Hail the Conquering Hero	director	Preston Sturges
Mr. Monk and the Red Herring	director	Randall Zisk
Ex Post Facto (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	LeVar Burton
La Moustache	director	Emmanuel Carrère
The Stake Out (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
Bells of Innocence	director	Alin Bijan
A Little Trip to Heaven	director	Baltasar Kormákur
In the Good Old Summertime	director	Robert Z. Leonard
In the Good Old Summertime	director	Buster Keaton
Ali: Fear Eats the Soul	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Medea (1969 film)	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
The Mermaid	director	Li Kao (director)
No Skin Off My Ass	director	Bruce LaBruce
The Mind's Eye	director	David Livingston
The Impostors	director	Stanley Tucci
Ginger and Fred	director	Federico Fellini
Zombies of the Stratosphere	director	Fred C. Brannon
Change of Heart (TV series)	director	Richard Brian DiPirro
Change of Heart (TV series)	director	David Wexler
Yes, But...	director	Yves Lavandier
Talkin' Dirty After Dark	director	Topper Carew
Inserts (film)	director	John Byrum
The Naked Runner	director	Sidney J. Furie
Houston, We've Got a Problem	director	Lawrence Doheny
The Sea (2002 film)	director	Baltasar Kormákur
Demolition High	director	Jim Wynorski
Fever Lake	director	Rafe M. Portilo
Eat Hot Tofu Slowly	director	Feng Gong
Firstborn (film)	director	Michael Apted
Sillunu Oru Kaadhal	director	N. Krishna
Jinnah (film)	director	Jamil Dehlavi
Life 101	director	Redge Mahaffey
The New Maverick	director	Hy Averback
Dream a Little Dream 2	director	James Lemmo
Alias Jesse James	director	Norman Z. McLeod
The Chase (1994 film)	director	Adam Rifkin
Busted (film)	director	Corey Feldman
The Raspberry Reich	director	Bruce LaBruce
Un indien dans la ville	director	Hervé Palud
Snowboard Academy	director	John Shepphird
The Incubus (1981 film)	director	John Hough (director)
Captain Video: Master of the Stratosphere	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Captain Video: Master of the Stratosphere	director	Wallace Grissell
The Wind Will Carry Us	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Thirteen Conversations About One Thing	director	Jill Sprecher
Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead	director	Gary Fleder
Abbott and Costello Meet the Mummy	director	Charles Lamont
The Lost Planet	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
In Like Flint	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Frække Frida og de frygtløse spioner	director	Søren Ole Christensen
C.S.A.: The Confederate States of America	director	Kevin Willmott
Butterfly (2004 film)	director	Yan Yan Mak
Lola (1969 film)	director	Richard Donner
Enemies (Stargate SG-1)	director	Martin Wood
The Scorned	director	Robert Kubilos
Fast Times	director	Amy Heckerling
In the Heat of the Sun	director	Jiang Wen
A Time for Burning	director	William C. Jersey
The Cool and the Crazy	director	William Witney
Unimatrix Zero	director	Allan Kroeker
Unimatrix Zero	director	Mike Vejar
Union Square (TV series)	director	James Burrows
Union Square (TV series)	director	Brent Carpenter
La Belle Noiseuse	director	Jacques Rivette
A Perfect World	director	Clint Eastwood
10th & Wolf	director	Robert Moresco
A Love in Germany	director	Andrzej Wajda
A Slight Case of Murder	director	Lloyd Bacon
Grizzly (film)	director	William Girdler
Mother (video game)	director	Shigesato Itoi
Dang Bireley's and Young Gangsters	director	Nonzee Nimibutr
Seraphim Falls	director	David Von Ancken
Deathlands: Homeward Bound	director	Joshua Butler
The Hunt for Red October (film)	director	John McTiernan
The Debut	director	The Debut
Never Too Late (1997 film)	director	Giles Walker
Bituing Marikit	director	Carlos Vander Tolosa
Salaam-e-Ishq: A Tribute to Love	director	Nikhil Advani
Emu's All Live Pink Windmill Show	director	Colin Clews
The Vaccine (The Outer Limits)	director	Neil Fearnley
The Fireman (film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Michigan: Report from Hell	director	Akira Ueda
Checkmate (TV series)	director	Herschel Daugherty
Checkmate (TV series)	director	Tom Gries
Checkmate (TV series)	director	Douglas Heyes
Checkmate (TV series)	director	James Wong Howe
Checkmate (TV series)	director	Robert Ellis Miller
Checkmate (TV series)	director	Alexander Singer
Checkmate (TV series)	director	Don Taylor (actor/director)
Checkmate (TV series)	director	Don Weis
The Road Home (1999 film)	director	Zhang Yimou
Y Mabinogi	director	Derek W. Hayes
The Raven (1935 film)	director	Lew Landers
The Silence of the Hams	director	Ezio Greggio
The Cove (film)	director	Louie Psihoyos
The Son (film)	director	Dardenne brothers
The Son (film)	director	Dardenne brothers
The Molly Maguires (film)	director	Martin Ritt
Mars Attacks!	director	Tim Burton
Smart Money (film)	director	Alfred E. Green
Werewolf of London	director	Stuart Walker (filmmaker)
The Unknown (1927 film)	director	Tod Browning
The Mysterians	director	Ishirō Honda
Pete 'n' Tillie	director	Martin Ritt
Eddie (film)	director	Steve Rash
Donington Live 1992	director	Samuel Bayer
The Long Gray Line	director	John Ford
A Beautiful Mind (film)	director	Ron Howard
Heaven's Prisoners	director	Phil Joanou
Any Way the Wind Blows (film)	director	Tom Barman
Monkey Shines	director	George A. Romero
Different for Girls	director	Richard Spence
Cake (film)	director	Nisha Ganatra
The Gleaners and I	director	Agnès Varda
Eliminators	director	Peter Manoogian
Grandma's Boy (2006 film)	director	Nicholaus Goossen
Cheyenne (1955 TV series)	director	Irving J. Moore
The Magnificent Seven Deadly Sins	director	Graham Stark
Joseph Smith: The Prophet of the Restoration	director	T. C. Christensen
Joseph Smith: The Prophet of the Restoration	director	Gary Cook
Köln International School of Design	director	Jens Grosshans
Jakob the Liar	director	Peter Kassovitz
Daddio	director	Andy Cadiff
Daddio	director	Mark Cendrowski
Daddio	director	Matthew Diamond
Daddio	director	Gil Junger
Daddio	director	Joe Regalbuto
Daddio	director	James Widdoes
Daddio	director	Steve Zuckerman
Punishment Park	director	Peter Watkins
Vzyat Tarantinu	director	Roman Romanovich Kachanov
All Dogs Go to Heaven 2	director	Larry Leker
All Dogs Go to Heaven 2	director	Paul Sabella
Gamera: Super Monster	director	Noriaki Yuasa
Homo Homini Lupis	director	David Platt (director)
Semi-Professional (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Gloria Muzio
Pride and Glory (film)	director	Mark harper(director)
Phantom (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Juan J. Campanella
Yesterday (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
Street of Chance (1942 film)	director	Jack Hively
The Attack of the Giant Moussaka	director	Panos H. Koutras
Bubble (film)	director	Steven Soderbergh
Our Day Out	director	Pedr James
The Sabata Trilogy	director	Gianfranco Parolini
Second Chorus	director	H. C. Potter
Kuhle Wampe	director	Slatan Dudow
There's No Place Like Plrtz Glrb	director	David Greenwalt
Slouching Toward Bethlehem (Angel)	director	Skip Schoolnik
Players (Angel)	director	Michael Grossman
Inside Out (Angel)	director	Steven S. DeKnight
Shiny Happy People (Angel)	director	Marita Grabiak
The Magic Bullet (Angel)	director	Jeffrey Jackson Bell
Sacrifice (Angel)	director	David Straiton
Home (Angel)	director	Tim Minear
Trunk to Cairo	director	Menahem Golan
Lessons (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Wiemer
Clock Tower 3	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Night at the Golden Eagle	director	Adam Rifkin
Balto III: Wings of Change	director	Phil Weinstein
Jawbreaker (film)	director	Darren Stein
When Strangers Marry	director	William Castle
2LDK	director	Yukihiko Tsutsumi
Longinus (film)	director	Ryuhei Kitamura
Holiday Affair	director	Don Hartman
Aberdeen (film)	director	Hans Petter Moland
Duel Project	director	Ryuhei Kitamura
Duel Project	director	Yukihiko Tsutsumi
His Kind of Woman	director	John Farrow
His Kind of Woman	director	Richard Fleischer
Ride a Crooked Trail	director	Jesse Hibbs
The Self-Improvement of Salvadore Ross	director	Don Siegel
Not as a Stranger	director	Stanley Kramer
The Lineup (film)	director	Don Siegel
We're No Angels (1955 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Undercurrent (1946 film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Genesis (2004 film)	director	Claude Nuridsany
Genesis (2004 film)	director	Marie Pérennou
In Praise of Love (film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Ucho	director	Karel Kachyňa
Cloudburst (film)	director	Francis Searle
H2O (1929 film)	director	Ralph Steiner
The Wonderful, Horrible Life of Leni Riefenstahl	director	Ray Müller
Miniature (The Twilight Zone)	director	Walter Grauman
Max, Mon Amour	director	Nagisa Oshima
Second Name (film)	director	Paco Plaza
Get Christie Love!	director	William A. Graham (director)
Ring-a-Ding Girl	director	Alan Crosland, Jr.
Terror by Night	director	Roy William Neill
Joe Butterfly	director	Jesse Hibbs
Moving (1988 film)	director	Alan Metter
Rachel and the Stranger	director	Norman Foster (director)
Track of the Cat	director	William A. Wellman
Inside Man	director	Spike Lee
Islam: What the West Needs to Know	director	Gregory M. Davis
Islam: What the West Needs to Know	director	Bryan Daly
Martians Go Home (film)	director	David Odell
Thanmathra	director	Blessy
Kaazhcha	director	Blessy
Talking Cock the Movie	director	Colin Goh
15 (film)	director	Royston Tan
The Maid (2005 film)	director	Kelvin Tong
Chicken Rice War	director	Chee Kong Cheah
Avalude Ravukal	director	I. V. Sasi
The Devil-Ship Pirates	director	Don Sharp
The Story of the Last Chrysanthemums	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Ruby (film)	director	John Mackenzie (director)
Cement (film)	director	Adrian Pasdar
Body and Soul (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
While the City Sleeps (1956 film)	director	Fritz Lang
Five Came Back	director	John Farrow
Conflict (1945 film)	director	Curtis Bernhardt
The Constant Gardener (film)	director	Fernando Meirelles
MN (film)	director	Pablo S. Gomez
Beyond a Reasonable Doubt	director	Fritz Lang
Roundhouse (TV series)	director	Bruce Gowers
Roundhouse (TV series)	director	Gary Halvorson
Roundhouse (TV series)	director	Paul Hoen
Roundhouse (TV series)	director	Linda Mendoza
Starter for 10 (film)	director	Tom Vaughan (director)
Happy Times	director	Zhang Yimou
A Passage to India (film)	director	David Lean
Jeopardy (film)	director	John Sturges
A Time to Kill (film)	director	Joel Schumacher
Where Danger Lives	director	John Farrow
Of Late I Think of Cliffordville	director	David Lowell Rich
Eddie and the Cruisers	director	Martin Davidson
The French Lieutenant's Woman (film)	director	Karel Reisz
Aradhana (1969 film)	director	Shakti Samanta
Impostor (film)	director	Gary Fleder
The Star Packer	director	Robert N. Bradbury
Randy Rides Alone	director	Harry L. Fraser
The Dawn Rider	director	Robert N. Bradbury
Blue Steel (1934 film)	director	Robert N. Bradbury
The Lucky Texan	director	Robert N. Bradbury
Hammett (film)	director	Wim Wenders
My Little Eye	director	Marc Evans
Don: The Chase Begins Again	director	Farhan Akhtar
National Lampoon Presents Dorm Daze	director	David Hillenbrand
National Lampoon Presents Dorm Daze	director	Scott Hillenbrand
L.A. 2017	director	Steven Spielberg
Ninety Years Without Slumbering	director	Roger Kay
Black Rain (Japanese film)	director	Shōhei Imamura
Helpline (film)	director	Joli(e)
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon	director	Bart Sibrel
Field of Fire (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Tony Dow
Hallelujah! (1929 film)	director	King Vidor
The Virgin Suicides (film)	director	Sofia Coppola
Sign o' the Times (film)	director	Prince (musician)
'Neath the Arizona Skies	director	Harry L. Fraser
In the Shadow of the Palms	director	Wayne Coles-Janess
Angel and the Badman	director	James Edward Grant
The Man from Utah	director	Robert N. Bradbury
The Desert Trail	director	Lewis D. Collins
The Lawless Frontier	director	Robert N. Bradbury
The Finishing Line	director	John Krish
Johnny Angel	director	Edwin L. Marin
World for Ransom	director	Robert Aldrich
The Man Who Would Be King (film)	director	John Huston
The Land Before Time VI: The Secret of Saurus Rock	director	Charles Grosvenor
Ju-on 2	director	Takashi Shimizu
Ju-on: The Grudge 2	director	Takashi Shimizu
Charlie Wilson's War	director	Mike Nichols
Bordertown (2006 film)	director	Gregory Nava
Deep Jwele Jaai	director	Asit Sen (director)
China Smith	director	Gene Fowler, Jr.
China Smith	director	Leslie Goodwins
The Butterfly Effect 2	director	John R. Leonetti
Legacies (Babylon 5)	director	Bruce Seth Green
Gladiator (2000 film)	director	Ridley Scott
Rockers (film)	director	Theodoros Bafaloukos
October 1970 (film)	director	Don McBrearty
The Perfect Storm (film)	director	Wolfgang Petersen
Trinity and Beyond	director	Peter Kuran
Trackdown	director	Thomas Carr (director)
Trackdown	director	Lawrence Dobkin
Trackdown	director	Richard Donner
Trackdown	director	R. G. Springsteen
Beyond the Law (1992 film)	director	Larry Ferguson
Evelyn (film)	director	Bruce Beresford
Badda-Bing Badda-Bang	director	Mike Vejar
Winnie the Pooh and a Day for Eeyore	director	Rick Reinert
The Holy Mountain (1973 film)	director	Alejandro Jodorowsky
Platinum Blonde (film)	director	Frank Capra
Katasumi and 4444444444	director	Takashi Shimizu
Katasumi and 4444444444  444444444   1	director	Takashi Shimizu
Cheyenne Autumn	director	John Ford
Halloween (2007 film)	director	Rob Zombie
Witness to Murder	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
The Raincoats (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
Gnomes (film)	director	Jack Zander
My Name Is Julia Ross	director	Joseph H. Lewis
Tsotsi	director	Gavin Hood
The Long Goodbye (film)	director	Robert Altman
Robbie (public information film)	director	Ronald Dunkley
Bashing (film)	director	Kobayashi Masahiro
Khamoshi	director	Asit Sen (director)
Dosti: Friends Forever	director	Suneel Darshan
Zathura (film)	director	Jon Favreau
Zinda (film)	director	Sanjay Gupta (director)
Island in the Sky (1953 film)	director	William A. Wellman
Home Sweet Home (1973 film)	director	Benoît Lamy
Waiting Alone	director	Dayyan Eng
Inter Arma Enim Silent Leges (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	David Livingston
Catch-22 (film)	director	Mike Nichols
Hated: GG Allin and the Murder Junkies	director	Todd Phillips
El callejón de los milagros	director	Jorge Fons
Cunning Stunts (video)	director	Wayne Isham
Into Great Silence	director	Philip Gröning
Little Oberon	director	Kevin Carlin
Stavisky	director	Alain Resnais
United 93 (film)	director	Paul Greengrass
Small Victories	director	Martin Wood
In Harihar Nagar	director	Siddique-Lal
Running Scared (2006 film)	director	Wayne Kramer (filmmaker)
Saw III	director	Darren Lynn Bousman
Operation Daybreak	director	Lewis Gilbert
Moog (film)	director	Hans Fjellestad
Persuasion (1995 film)	director	Roger Michell
The Jeffersons (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Between Two Worlds (film)	director	Edward A. Blatt
Virgin Witch	director	Ray Austin (director)
Heaven or Vegas	director	Gregory C. Haynes
Sweet Toronto	director	D. A. Pennebaker
Franklin and the Turtle Lake Treasure	director	Dominique Monféry
Road Rage (film)	director	Deran Sarafian
The General (1998 film)	director	John Boorman
Drake & Josh Go Hollywood	director	Steve Hoefer
The Bowery (1933 film)	director	Raoul Walsh
Blood for Dracula	director	Paul Morrissey
Andy Warhol's Frankenstein	director	Paul Morrissey
Each Dawn I Die	director	William Keighley
If I Had a Million	director	Ernst Lubitsch
If I Had a Million	director	Norman Taurog
If I Had a Million	director	Stephen Roberts (director)
If I Had a Million	director	Norman Z. McLeod
If I Had a Million	director	James Cruze
If I Had a Million	director	William A. Seiter
If I Had a Million	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Naked Alibi	director	Jerry Hopper
The Blood of a Poet	director	Jean Cocteau
Le Million	director	René Clair
Testament of Orpheus	director	Jean Cocteau
Cléo from 5 to 7	director	Agnès Varda
Variety Lights	director	Federico Fellini
Variety Lights	director	Alberto Lattuada
Fear (1946 film)	director	Alfred Zeisler
Double Suicide	director	Masahiro Shinoda
The Scarlet Empress	director	Josef von Sternberg
Diary of a Chambermaid (1964 film)	director	Luis Buñuel
Carl Th. Dreyer: My Metier	director	Torben Skjødt Jensen
Gertrud (film)	director	Carl Theodor Dreyer
The Hole (1960 film)	director	Jacques Becker
Häxan	director	Benjamin Christensen
The Last Wave	director	Peter Weir
Loves of a Blonde	director	Miloš Forman
Revenge of the Pink Panther	director	Blake Edwards
Tokyo Olympiad	director	Kon Ichikawa
The Locket	director	John Brahm
Under the Roofs of Paris	director	René Clair
Deadline Auto Theft	director	H. B. Halicki
Shake! Otis at Monterey	director	D. A. Pennebaker
Pépé le Moko	director	Julien Duvivier
My Life as a Dog	director	Lasse Hallström
I Am Curious (Blue)	director	Vilgot Sjöman
The White Sheik	director	Federico Fellini
Il Posto	director	Ermanno Olmi
The Fiances	director	Ermanno Olmi
Quai des Orfèvres	director	Henri-Georges Clouzot
Terminal Station (film)	director	Vittorio De Sica
The Pornographers	director	Shōhei Imamura
Ingmar Bergman Makes a Movie	director	Vilgot Sjöman
Elephant Walk	director	William Dieterle
Aaron Loves Angela	director	Gordon Parks, Jr.
Death Wish 3	director	Michael Winner
The Last Hunt	director	Richard Brooks
A Woman Without Love	director	Luis Buñuel
Los Olvidados	director	Luis Buñuel
Public Access	director	Bryan Singer
Kradetsat Na Praskovi	director	Vulo Radev
Conviction (Angel)	director	Joss Whedon
The Cautionary Tale of Numero Cinco	director	Jeffrey Jackson Bell
Life of the Party (Angel)	director	Bill L. Norton
Just Rewards	director	James A. Contner
Hell Bound	director	Steven S. DeKnight
Harm's Way (Angel)	director	Vern Gillum
Destiny (Angel)	director	Skip Schoolnik
Why We Fight (Angel)	director	Terrence O'Hara
Undercover Angel	director	Bryan Michael Stoller
A Hole in the World	director	Joss Whedon
Shells (Angel)	director	Steven S. DeKnight
Greased Lightning	director	Michael Schultz
Underneath (Angel)	director	Skip Schoolnik
Origin (Angel)	director	Terrence O'Hara
Silk (2007 film)	director	François Girard
The Sword in the Stone (film)	director	Wolfgang Reitherman
Silent Hill (video game)	director	Keiichiro Toyama
Anonymous Rex	director	Julian Jarrold
The Young Lions (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
The Beach Party at the Threshold of Hell	director	Kevin Wheatley(filmmaker)
The Beach Party at the Threshold of Hell	director	Jonny Gillette
Ten Thousand Bedrooms	director	Richard Thorpe
Return of the Fly	director	Edward Bernds
Sergeants 3	director	John Sturges
Le Corbeau	director	Henri-Georges Clouzot
A Story of Floating Weeds	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Mamma Roma	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
The Golden Coach	director	Jean Renoir
French Cancan	director	Jean Renoir
Elena and Her Men	director	Jean Renoir
I Vitelloni	director	Federico Fellini
A Constant Forge	director	Charles Kiselyak
Fat Girl	director	Catherine Breillat
Youth of the Beast	director	Seijun Suzuki
Casque d'or	director	Jacques Becker
Fighting Elegy	director	Seijun Suzuki
Touchez pas au grisbi	director	Jacques Becker
La commare secca	director	Bernardo Bertolucci
The River (1951 film)	director	Jean Renoir
Eclipse (1962 film)	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer	director	Tim Story
Crazed Fruit	director	Kō Nakahira
Unfaithfully Yours (1948 film)	director	Preston Sturges
White Nights (1957 film)	director	Luchino Visconti
This Left Feels Right Live	director	Tony Bongiovi
Gate of Flesh	director	Seijun Suzuki
Story of a Prostitute	director	Seijun Suzuki
Mobsters and Mormons	director	John Moyer (comedian)
Samurai Spy	director	Masahiro Shinoda
Sword of the Beast	director	Hideo Gosha
The Children Are Watching Us	director	Vittorio De Sica
Fists in the Pocket	director	Marco Bellocchio
Kiss Me, Stupid	director	Billy Wilder
The Buffalo Creek Flood: An Act of Man	director	Mimi Pickering
The Wedding March (1928 film)	director	Erich von Stroheim
Stalin (2006 film)	director	A. R. Murugadoss
The Defector (film)	director	Raoul Lévy
The Bird with the Crystal Plumage	director	Dario Argento
Perhaps Love (film)	director	Peter Chan
Centre for High Energy Physics (University of the Punjab)	director	Professor
It Came from the Sky (film)	director	Jack Bender
Unleashed (Angel)	director	Marita Grabiak
Black Mama, White Mama	director	Eddie Romero
The Arena (1974 film)	director	Steve Carver
The Arena (1974 film)	director	Joe D'Amato
The Astro-Zombies	director	Ted V. Mikels
American Dreamz	director	Paul Weitz (filmmaker)
Running on Empty (1982 film)	director	John Clark
D'Artagnan and Three Musketeers	director	Georgi Yungvald-Khilkevich
Dad Savage	director	Betsan Morris Evans
Lady General Hua Mulan	director	Yuek Feng
Chasing Papi	director	Linda Mendoza
Doppelganger (1993 film)	director	Avi Nesher
The Roost	director	Ti West
Rötmånad	director	Jan Halldoff
The Force (film)	director	Mark Rosman
Angela's Ashes (film)	director	Alan Parker
Emanations	director	David Livingston
Prime Factors (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Les Landau
Talk to Me (1996 film)	director	Graeme Campbell (director)
Ultimate Deception	director	Richard A. Colla
Harlow (Paramount film)	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Patriot Games (Family Guy)	director	Peter Shin
Patriot Games (Family Guy)	director	Pete Michels
Patriot Games (Family Guy)	director	Cyndi Tang
L'Atalante	director	Jean Vigo
A Room with a View (film)	director	James Ivory (director)
Murder, She Said	director	George Pollock (director)
Raising Cain	director	Brian De Palma
Carandiru (film)	director	Héctor Babenco
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1920 film)	director	John S. Robertson
You Only Live Once (film)	director	Fritz Lang
The Fabulous Dorseys	director	Alfred E. Green
Calendar Girl (1947 film)	director	Allan Dwan
Swing Hostess	director	Sam Newfield
Night Passage (film)	director	James Neilson (director)
The Christmas Toy	director	Eric Till
The Thief (1952 film)	director	Russell Rouse
Abduction: The Megumi Yokota Story	director	Patty Kim
Abduction: The Megumi Yokota Story	director	Chris Sheridan (director)
Omkara (film)	director	Vishal Bhardwaj
Fire Over England	director	William K. Howard
A Yank at Oxford	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
That Hamilton Woman	director	Alexander Korda
Saakshi (film)	director	Bapu (artist)
Tokyo Fist	director	Shinya Tsukamoto
Muthyala Muggu	director	Bapu (artist)
V2 Institute for the Unstable Media	director	Alex Adriaansens
Where the Wild Things Are (film)	director	Spike Jonze
Till the Clouds Roll By	director	Richard Whorf
The Three Lives of Thomasina	director	Don Chaffey
High Wall	director	Curtis Bernhardt
The Audrey Hepburn Story	director	Steven Robman
Tarzan and His Mate	director	Cedric Gibbons
Tarzan and His Mate	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Tarzan Escapes	director	Richard Thorpe
Tarzan Escapes	director	John Farrow
Tarzan Escapes	director	George B. Seitz
Tarzan Escapes	director	William A. Wellman
Born to Dance	director	Roy Del Ruth
101 Reykjavík	director	Baltasar Kormákur
Thousands Cheer	director	George Sidney
Necessary Roughness (film)	director	Stan Dragoti
Maurice (film)	director	James Ivory (director)
Annapolis (film)	director	Justin Lin
Murder on Flight 502	director	George McCowan
Terror in the Sky	director	Bernard L. Kowalski
Ship Ahoy	director	Edward Buzzell
The World of Henry Orient	director	George Roy Hill
I Dood It	director	Vincente Minnelli
Wuthering Heights (2003 film)	director	Suri Krishnamma
Empire of the Wolves	director	Chris Nahon
Yor, the Hunter from the Future	director	Antonio Margheriti
Supertwink	director	Richard Christy
Supertwink	director	The Howard Stern Show staff#Sal Governale
Ultrachrist!	director	Kerry Douglas Dye
Outrage (1950 film)	director	Ida Lupino
Seven Men from Now	director	Budd Boetticher
A Better Place	director	Vincent Pereira
Transylvania 6-5000 (1985 film)	director	Rudy De Luca
Oxygen (film)	director	Richard Shepard
Putney Swope	director	Robert Downey, Sr.
3 Godfathers	director	John Ford
The Great Rupert	director	Irving Pichel
Beyond Tomorrow (film)	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Carry On Teacher	director	Gerald Thomas
Ashes to Ashes (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Terry Windell
Living in Harmony	director	David Tomblin
Carry On Constable	director	Gerald Thomas
Carry On Regardless	director	Gerald Thomas
Carry On Cruising	director	Gerald Thomas
Allegiance (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Carry On Cabby	director	Gerald Thomas
Soldiers of the Empire	director	LeVar Burton
They Call Me Renegade	director	Enzo Barboni
Details (film)	director	Kristian Petri
Chemmeen	director	Ramu Kariat
City by the Sea	director	Michael Caton-Jones
Crazy (1999 film)	director	Heddy Honigmann
Grand Champion	director	Barry Tubb
Seasons of Giving	director	Harry Arends
Seasons of Giving	director	Jun Falkenstein
Seasons of Giving	director	Karl Geurs
Undisputed	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Jumanji (film)	director	Joe Johnston
Darkness Falls (1999 film)	director	Gerry Lively
Foolproof	director	William Phillips (director)
The Polar Express (film)	director	Robert Zemeckis
The Citadel (film)	director	King Vidor
The Insect Woman	director	Shōhei Imamura
Holy Man	director	Stephen Herek
The Baby of Mâcon	director	Peter Greenaway
Out on a Limb (film)	director	Francis Veber
The Invisible (film)	director	David S. Goyer
Miss Julie (1999 film)	director	Mike Figgis
Spinning Boris	director	Roger Spottiswoode
Murder at the Gallop	director	George Pollock (director)
Captain's Holiday	director	Chip Chalmers
Eros Plus Massacre	director	Yoshishige Yoshida
The Trade-Ins	director	Elliot Silverstein
Vicki (film)	director	Harry Horner
Hey Babe!	director	Rafal Zielinski
The Last Train (TV series)	director	Stuart Orme
The Last Train (TV series)	director	Alex Pillai
Follow Me, Boys!	director	Norman Tokar
Stander (film)	director	Bronwen Hughes
Yi Yi: A One and a Two	director	Edward Yang
National Treasure: Book of Secrets	director	Jon Turteltaub
National Treasure: Book of Secrets	director	Jerry Bruckheimer
On Line	director	Jed Weintrob
Tin Man (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Sheerer
F.T.W. (film)	director	Michael Karbelnikoff
Spencer's Mountain	director	Delmer Daves
Sarek (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Les Landau
Viva Knievel!	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Bela Lugosi Meets a Brooklyn Gorilla	director	William Beaudine
The Price of Power	director	Tonino Valerii
Memphis Belle (film)	director	Michael Caton-Jones
Night Editor	director	Henry Levin
Colorado Territory (film)	director	Raoul Walsh
Bruce Lee: A Warrior's Journey	director	John Little (writer)
Bruce Lee: A Warrior's Journey	director	Bruce Lee
Left Behind: The Movie	director	Vic Sarin
Demon with a Glass Hand	director	Byron Haskin
Scooby-Doo and the Cyber Chase	director	Jim Stenstrum
Scooby-Doo And The Alien Invaders	director	Jim Stenstrum
Scooby-Doo! in Where's My Mummy?	director	Joe Sichta
Musée national de la Marine	director	Vice Admiral
Perumazhakkalam	director	Kamal (director)
The Perfect Mate	director	Cliff Bole
Murderers' Row (film)	director	Henry Levin
We're Gonna Be All Right	director	David Grossman (director)
The Wrecking Crew (1969 film)	director	Phil Karlson
Sadie McKee	director	Clarence Brown
Ready, Steady, Charlie!	director	Mike Eschmann
Army of Shadows	director	Jean-Pierre Melville
Storm Rider	director	Giancarlo Santi
La Chair de l'orchidée	director	Patrice Chéreau
Ocean's Thirteen	director	Steven Soderbergh
Bombshell (film)	director	Victor Fleming
Julius Caesar (1950 film)	director	David Bradley (director)
The 39 Steps (1935 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
It Started in Naples	director	Melville Shavelson
Les Visiteurs du Soir	director	Marcel Carné
The Crucible (1957 film)	director	Raymond Rouleau
Adua and Friends	director	Antonio Pietrangeli
Zebraman	director	Takashi Miike
Monsieur Vincent	director	Maurice Cloche
The Tree of Wooden Clogs	director	Ermanno Olmi
Heights (film)	director	Chris Terrio
Speedway Junky	director	Nickolas Perry
Man on Fire (1987 film)	director	Élie Chouraqui
I Am Trying to Break Your Heart: A Film About Wilco	director	Sam Jones (filmmaker)
Time to Leave	director	François Ozon
Guru (2007 film)	director	Mani Ratnam
The Ballad of Cable Hogue	director	Sam Peckinpah
Bed of Roses (1933 film)	director	Gregory La Cava
Aria (film)	director	Robert Altman
Aria (film)	director	Bruce Beresford
Aria (film)	director	Bill Bryden
Aria (film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Aria (film)	director	Derek Jarman
Aria (film)	director	Franc Roddam
Aria (film)	director	Nicolas Roeg
Aria (film)	director	Ken Russell
Aria (film)	director	Charles Sturridge
Aria (film)	director	Julien Temple
Breaker! Breaker!	director	Don Hulette
The Facts of Life (film)	director	Melvin Frank
The Facts of Life (film)	director	Norman Panama
Honolulu (film)	director	Edward Buzzell
The Great Morgan	director	Nat Perrin
Sensations of 1945	director	Andrew L. Stone
Jennifer Eight	director	Bruce Robinson
Heartbeeps	director	Allan Arkush
Jack and Sarah	director	Tim Sullivan (British filmmaker)
George White's 1935 Scandals	director	George White (producer)
Queen High	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Friends and Crocodiles	director	Stephen Poliakoff
Seconds (film)	director	John Frankenheimer
Addams Family Reunion	director	Dave Payne
Khamoshi: The Musical	director	Sanjay Leela Bhansali
The Half-Naked Truth	director	Gregory La Cava
Viva Max!	director	Jerry Paris
Jenny (film)	director	George Bloomfield
Carry On Jack	director	Gerald Thomas
Carry On Spying	director	Gerald Thomas
Who's That Singing Over There	director	Slobodan Šijan
Carry On Cowboy	director	Gerald Thomas
Carry On Screaming!	director	Gerald Thomas
Don't Lose Your Head	director	Gerald Thomas
Carry On Doctor	director	Gerald Thomas
The Next Best Thing	director	John Schlesinger
Äideistä parhain	director	Klaus Härö
Pardon My Past	director	Leslie Fenton
Tom Sawyer (1973 film)	director	Don Taylor (actor/director)
Desperate (film)	director	Anthony Mann
Mohra	director	Rajiv Rai
I Wake Up Screaming	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Teleroboxer	director	Yoshio Sakamoto
Ballet Mécanique	director	Fernand Léger
Ballet Mécanique	director	Dudley Murphy
Shaun the Sheep	director	Richard Goleszowski
Shaun the Sheep	director	Christopher Sadler
Dentist in the Chair	director	Don Chaffey
Bad Influence (film)	director	Curtis Hanson
The Hawks and the Sparrows	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
Return to Frogtown	director	Donald G. Jackson
Flight from Death	director	Patrick Shen
Soldier in the Rain	director	Ralph Nelson
I, a Man	director	Paul Morrissey
I, a Man	director	Andy Warhol
Hellbound: Hellraiser II	director	Tony Randel
Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth	director	Anthony Hickox
Hellraiser: Bloodline	director	Joe Chappelle
Hellraiser: Hellseeker	director	Rick Bota
Hellraiser: Inferno	director	Scott Derrickson
Murder Most Foul	director	George Pollock (director)
Hellraiser: Deader	director	Rick Bota
Hellraiser: Hellworld	director	Rick Bota
My British Buddy	director	David Croft (TV producer)
Requiem (2006 film)	director	Hans-Christian Schmid
The Comancheros	director	Michael Curtiz
The Comancheros	director	John Wayne
North to Alaska	director	Henry Hathaway
North to Alaska	director	John Wayne
Cain and Mabel	director	Lloyd Bacon
Chi Girl	director	Heidi Van Lier
Lovers, Liars & Lunatics	director	Amber Benson
Murder Ahoy!	director	George Pollock (director)
Rang De Basanti	director	Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra
Legal Eagles	director	Ivan Reitman
Skipped Parts	director	Tamra Davis
The Ex (2007 film)	director	Jesse Peretz
Ivory Tower (1998 film)	director	Darin Ferriola
The Source (2002 film)	director	S. Lee Taylor
Life Is a Miracle	director	Emir Kusturica
Asylum (2005 film)	director	David Mackenzie (director)
Final Examination (film)	director	Fred Olen Ray
The World's Best Prom	director	Ari Vena
The World's Best Prom	director	Chris Talbott
Super Xuxa	director	Anna Penido
Super Xuxa	director	David Sonnenschein
The Wings of the Dove (1997 film)	director	Iain Softley
Morning Raga	director	Mahesh Dattani
The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada	director	Tommy Lee Jones
Junebug (film)	director	Phil Morrison (director)
My Bodyguard	director	Tony Bill
Waking Ned	director	Kirk Jones (director)
Love Is on the Air	director	Nick Grinde
Man of the West	director	Anthony Mann
The Bachelor (1999 film)	director	Gary Sinyor
Show Boat (1929 film)	director	Harry A. Pollard
Westfront 1918	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Another Gay Movie	director	Todd Stephens
The Garbage Pail Kids Movie	director	Rod Amateau
God Is My Co-Pilot (film)	director	Robert Florey
The Five Man Army	director	Don Taylor (actor/director)
The Five Man Army	director	Italo Zingarelli
Zenobia (film)	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Another Time, Another Place (1958 film)	director	Lewis Allen (director)
The Time Machine (2002 film)	director	Simon Wells
The Time Machine (2002 film)	director	Gore Verbinski
Next: A Primer on Urban Painting	director	Pablo Aravena
Day of the Dead (2008 film)	director	Steve Miner
The Bedroom Window	director	Curtis Hanson
*batteries not included	director	Matthew Robbins (screenwriter)
Navajo Joe	director	Sergio Corbucci
The Duke Is Tops	director	William Nolte
Cashback (film)	director	Sean Ellis
End of the Spear	director	Jim Hanon
Piranha II: The Spawning	director	James Cameron
Mercenary for Justice	director	Don E. FauntLeRoy
Cartoon Sushi	director	Danny Antonucci
Cartoon Sushi	director	Keith Alcorn
Cartoon Sushi	director	Mike DeSeve
The Furies (film)	director	Anthony Mann
Wind (film)	director	Carroll Ballard
Diary of a Madman (film)	director	Reginald Le Borg
Framed (1947 film)	director	Richard Wallace (director)
The Captive City	director	Robert Wise
Daniel (1983 film)	director	Sidney Lumet
My Bloody Valentine (film)	director	George Mihalka
Revenge of the Creature	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Deck Dogz	director	Steve Pasvolsky
The Great Water	director	Ivo Trajkov
Love (2005 film)	director	Vladan Nikolic
Disco Dancer	director	Babbar Subhash
From Dusk till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money	director	Scott Spiegel
My Breakfast with Blassie	director	Linda Lautrec
My Breakfast with Blassie	director	Johnny Legend
My Breakfast with Blassie	director	Mark Shepard
The Ghost (1963 film)	director	Riccardo Freda
Charlotte's Web (1973 film)	director	Charles August Nichols
Charlotte's Web (1973 film)	director	Iwao Takamoto
All Fall Down (film)	director	John Frankenheimer
State of the Union (film)	director	Frank Capra
Son in Law	director	Steve Rash
The Bitter Tea of General Yen	director	Frank Capra
Johnny O'Clock	director	Robert Rossen
Pushover (film)	director	Richard Quine
The Turning Point (1952 film)	director	William Dieterle
Pack Up Your Troubles	director	George Marshall (director)
Pack Up Your Troubles	director	Ray McCarey
Pound Puppies and the Legend of Big Paw	director	Pierre DeCelles
An American Haunting	director	Courtney Solomon
A Better Tomorrow 3	director	Tsui Hark
Jiang Hu (film)	director	Wong Ching-Po
Nil by Mouth (film)	director	Gary Oldman
Black and White (2002 film)	director	Craig Lahiff
There's Something About a War	director	Larry Shaw (director)
The Search for Animal Chin	director	Stacy Peralta
8 Heads in a Duffel Bag	director	Tom Schulman
Crazy People	director	Tony Bill
Crazy People	director	Barry L. Young
Unprecedented: The 2000 Presidential Election	director	Richard Ray Perez
Unprecedented: The 2000 Presidential Election	director	Joan Sekler
Violette Nozière	director	Claude Chabrol
Waco: The Rules of Engagement	director	William Gazecki
Wallace & Gromit: The Best of Aardman Animation	director	Nick Park
Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow	director	Vittorio De Sica
The Master (TV series)	director	Ray Austin (director)
The Master (TV series)	director	Robert Clouse
The Master (TV series)	director	Sidney Hayers
The Master (TV series)	director	Gordon Hessler
The Master (TV series)	director	Alan Myerson
Ahí está el detalle	director	Juan Bustillo Oro
Flight from Ashiya	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Águila o sol	director	Arcady Boytler
Flying Leathernecks	director	Nicholas Ray
Permanent Vacation (film)	director	Jim Jarmusch
The Ballad of Andy Crocker	director	George McCowan
Rogue Galaxy	director	Akihiro Hino
Saving Grace (2000 film)	director	Nigel Cole
Children of Men	director	Alfonso Cuarón
Varan the Unbelievable	director	Ishirō Honda
Varan the Unbelievable	director	Jerry A. Baerwitz
The Dark Past	director	Rudolph Maté
Illusive Tracks	director	Peter Dalle
Four Shades of Brown	director	Tomas Alfredson
Anita: Swedish Nymphet	director	Torgny Wickman
Balitanghali	director	Jeannie Gualberto
Love in the City (1953 film)	director	Federico Fellini
Love in the City (1953 film)	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Love in the City (1953 film)	director	Alberto Lattuada
Love in the City (1953 film)	director	Carlo Lizzani
Love in the City (1953 film)	director	Francesco Maselli
Love in the City (1953 film)	director	Dino Risi
Love in the City (1953 film)	director	Cesare Zavattini
The Metamorph	director	Charles Crichton
Arven (2003 film)	director	Per Fly
Gorath	director	Ishirō Honda
Off Limits (1988 film)	director	Christopher Crowe
The Beta Cloud	director	Robert Lynn (director)
Dominator (comics)	director	Renga Media
The Dorcons	director	Tom Clegg (director)
Remote Control (1992 film)	director	Óskar Jónasson
Space Invasion of Lapland	director	Virgil W. Vogel
The Blood Beast Terror	director	Vernon Sewell
Beautiful (2000 film)	director	Sally Field
Blood Bath	director	Jack Hill
Blood Bath	director	Stephanie Rothman
Gold Diggers of 1935	director	Busby Berkeley
Confessions of a Window Cleaner	director	Val Guest
Confessions of a Driving Instructor	director	Norman Cohen
Statens Museum for Kunst	director	Karsten Ohrt
Nyfes	director	Pantelis Voulgaris
Sorority Girl	director	Roger Corman
Late Night Shopping	director	Saul Metzstein
Humko Deewana Kar Gaye	director	Raj Kanwar
The Great Outdoors (film)	director	Howard Deutch
N.Y., N.Y. (film)	director	Francis Thompson
Kiss the Blood off My Hands	director	Norman Foster (director)
Orchestra Rehearsal	director	Federico Fellini
Duet for One	director	Andrei Konchalovsky
Wildfire (1986 TV series)	director	Arthur Davis (animator)
Wildfire (1986 TV series)	director	Carl Urbano
Wildfire (1986 TV series)	director	Rudy Zamora
Hammer into Anvil	director	Pat Jackson
The Mayor of Hell	director	Archie Mayo
The Mayor of Hell	director	Michael Curtiz
The Creature Walks Among Us	director	John Sherwood (director)
The Barbarian and the Geisha	director	John Huston
Slam (film)	director	Marc Levin
Dementia 13	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Torremolinos 73	director	Pablo Berger
The Kid Stays in the Picture	director	Nanette Burstein
The Kid Stays in the Picture	director	Brett Morgen
Kidco	director	Ronald F. Maxwell
Chandni Bar	director	Madhur Bhandarkar
Peter Pan (1924 film)	director	Herbert Brenon
Brannigan (film)	director	Douglas Hickox
15 Park Avenue	director	Aparna Sen
Un flic	director	Jean-Pierre Melville
Dario Argento's World of Horror	director	Michele Soavi
Il bidone	director	Federico Fellini
And the Ship Sails On	director	Federico Fellini
Intervista	director	Federico Fellini
The Voice of the Moon	director	Federico Fellini
Subspecies (film series)	director	Ted Nicolaou
He Ran All the Way	director	John Berry (film director)
Claudine's Return	director	Antonio Tibaldi
XX/XY	director	Austin Chick
Love, Honour and Obey	director	Dominic Anciano
Love, Honour and Obey	director	Ray Burdis
Love in the City (2007 film)	director	Jingle Ma
Confessions of a Nazi Spy	director	Anatole Litvak
Satyricon (film)	director	Federico Fellini
Fellini's Casanova	director	Federico Fellini
City of Women	director	Federico Fellini
Open House (TV series)	director	Dwayne Hickman
Open House (TV series)	director	Philip Charles MacKenzie
Open House (TV series)	director	Arlene Sanford
Open House (TV series)	director	David Semel
Open House (TV series)	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
Open House (TV series)	director	Michael Zinberg
Serial (1980 film)	director	Bill Persky
Wuthering Heights (1939 film)	director	William Wyler
The Parole Officer	director	John Duigan
The Big Broadcast of 1937	director	Mitchell Leisen
Bad Golf Made Easier	director	Rick Friedberg
Dreamgirls (film)	director	Bill Condon
Iron & Silk (1990 film)	director	Shirley Sun
Phir Hera Pheri	director	Neeraj Vora
L'Infermiera	director	Nello Rossati
Far Cry (film)	director	Uwe Boll
The Fonz and the Happy Days Gang	director	George Gordon
The Fonz and the Happy Days Gang	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Beware, My Lovely	director	Harry Horner
Dracula AD 1972	director	Alan Gibson (director)
Ask a Policeman	director	Marcel Varnel
Boys Will Be Boys (film)	director	William Beaudine
Dandy Dick	director	William Beaudine
Forces of Nature	director	Bronwen Hughes
Heroes of the East	director	Lau Kar-leung
Houseboat Horror	director	Kendal Flanagan
The Ghost Goes West	director	René Clair
Video Pieces	director	David Mallet (director)
Good Morning, Boys	director	Marcel Varnel
Der Schuh des Manitu	director	Michael Herbig
What Have I Done to Deserve This? (film)	director	Pedro Almodóvar
Law of Desire	director	Pedro Almodóvar
A Sunday in the Country	director	Bertrand Tavernier
Penumbra (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Steve Posey
Criminal (film)	director	Gregory Jacobs
The Freshman (1925 film)	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
The Freshman (1925 film)	director	Sam Taylor (director)
The Freshman (1990 film)	director	Andrew Bergman
Making Love	director	Arthur Hiller
Dust (2001 film)	director	Milčo Mančevski
Bullet Ballet	director	Shinya Tsukamoto
Absolute Garbage    1	director	Samuel Bayer
Absolute Garbage    1	director	Stéphane Sednaoui
Absolute Garbage    1	director	Matthew Rolston
Absolute Garbage    1	director	Dawn Shadforth
Absolute Garbage    1	director	Sophie Muller
Absolute Garbage    1	director	Joseph Kahn
Crimson Gold	director	Jafar Panahi
Irreconcilable Differences	director	Charles Shyer
Rodan (film)	director	Ishirō Honda
It's in the Air	director	Anthony Kimmins
Love in the Afternoon (1957 film)	director	Billy Wilder
Chopping Mall	director	Jim Wynorski
Hombre (film)	director	Martin Ritt
Without Honor (1949 film)	director	Irving Pichel
A Matter of Perspective	director	Cliff Bole
Soupçons	director	Jean-Xavier de Lestrade
The Tortellis	director	Jack Shea (director)
The Tortellis	director	Michael Zinberg
Souls for Sale	director	Rupert Hughes
Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Kevin Kerslake
Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Tamra Davis
Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Billy Gould
Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Marcus Nispel
Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	MTV
Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Barry McGuire
Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Marcus Raboy
Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Joseph Kahn
Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Tim Royes
Back-Room Boy	director	Herbert Mason
Elevator to the Gallows	director	Louis Malle
Chances (TV series)	director	Helen Gaynor
The Hollywood Ten	director	John Berry (film director)
World Trade Center (film)	director	Oliver Stone
Crysis	director	Cevat Yerli
Gasbags	director	Walter Forde
Gasbags	director	Marcel Varnel
Follow Me Quietly	director	Richard Fleischer
Follow Me Quietly	director	Anthony Mann
Babruvahana	director	Samudrala Raghavacharya
The Ghost of St. Michael's	director	Marcel Varnel
Hawk the Slayer	director	Terry Marcel
The Family (U.S. TV series)	director	Bryan O'Donnell
The Family (U.S. TV series)	director	Danny Salles
The Watcher (TV series)	director	Vern Gillum
The Watcher (TV series)	director	Michael W. Watkins
War and Peace (1956 film)	director	King Vidor
Y?	director	Leo Flynn
The Darwin Awards (film)	director	Finn Taylor
K-PAX (film)	director	Iain Softley
Me and My Gal	director	Raoul Walsh
The Untouchables (film)	director	Brian De Palma
Hiroshima (film)	director	Koreyoshi Kurahara
Hiroshima (film)	director	Roger Spottiswoode
The Mark of Archanon	director	Charles Crichton
Outsourced (film)	director	John Jeffcoat
Tempest (1928 film)	director	Sam Taylor (director)
Tempest (1928 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Tempest (1928 film)	director	Victor Tourjansky
Fuck (film)	director	Steve Anderson (director)
Samurai Vampire Bikers From Hell	director	Scott Shaw
It's Great to Be Alive	director	Alfred L. Werker
The Seventh Veil	director	Compton Bennett
Saamy	director	Hari (director)
The Unknown Man	director	Richard Thorpe
All About Lily Chou-Chou	director	Shunji Iwai
The Guinea Pig (film)	director	Boulting brothers
House of Strangers	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Vegetable Soup (TV series)	director	George Bowers (filmmaker)
The Great Locomotive Chase	director	Francis D. Lyon
A Fool There Was (1915 film)	director	Frank Powell
Chain of Command (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Scheerer
Chain of Command (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Les Landau
Amor real	director	Mónica Miguel
Amor real	director	Eric Morales
Parade (film)	director	Jacques Tati
High, Wide, and Handsome	director	Rouben Mamoulian
I'll Never Heil Again	director	Jules White
'Til Death Do Us Part (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa	director	Eric Darnell
Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa	director	Tom McGrath (animator)
Rescue Dawn	director	Werner Herzog
Bandolero!	director	Andrew McLaglen
Wise Blood (film)	director	John Huston
Trafic	director	Jacques Tati
Judith of Bethulia	director	D. W. Griffith
Broken Barrier	director	John O'Shea (director)
Broken Barrier	director	Roger Mirams
Seven Thieves	director	Henry Hathaway
My Way Home	director	Zach Braff
True Q	director	Robert Scheerer
Indira (film)	director	Suhasini Maniratnam
Gangster (film)	director	Anurag Basu
Full Body Massage	director	Nicolas Roeg
A Small Circle of Friends	director	Rob Cohen
Ma 6-T va crack-er	director	Jean-François Richet
Tol'able David	director	Henry King (director)
Malli (film)	director	Santosh Sivan
Italianamerican	director	Martin Scorsese
Just Follow Law	director	Jack Neo
The Projected Man	director	Ian Curteis
The Projected Man	director	John Croydon
Under Fire (film)	director	Roger Spottiswoode
My Wild Irish Rose	director	David Butler (director)
Black Book (film)	director	Paul Verhoeven
The Guyver	director	Screaming Mad George
The Guyver	director	Steve Wang
The Grasscutter	director	Ian Mune
How They Get There	director	Spike Jonze
Great Pretenders	director	Barry Glazer
The Soul Collector	director	Michael M. Scott
Let It Be (film)	director	Michael Lindsay-Hogg
Help! (film)	director	Richard Lester
Ransom!	director	Alex Segal
The Last Man on Earth (1924 film)	director	John G. Blystone
Funny Games (1997 film)	director	Michael Haneke
George Lucas in Love	director	Joe Nussbaum
Stupid Spoiled Whore Video Playset	director	Trey Parker
Humanoids from the Deep	director	Barbara Peeters
Zodiac: The Race Begins	director	Edward Fu
I Not Stupid Too	director	Jack Neo
Ménage à Troi	director	Robert Legato
I Married a Communist (film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
The Second Woman	director	James V. Kern
The Madagascar Penguins in a Christmas Caper	director	Gary Trousdale
The Seance Spectre	director	Peter Medak
Dragnet (1987 film)	director	Tom Mankiewicz
Devil's Planet	director	Tom Clegg (director)
Faces (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Penelope (2006 film)	director	Mark Palansky
Geethanjali	director	Mani Ratnam
All the President's Men (film)	director	Alan J. Pakula
Catacombs of the Moon	director	Robert Lynn (director)
Journey to Where	director	Tom Clegg (director)
One Moment of Humanity	director	Charles Crichton
The Invisible Man's Revenge	director	Ford Beebe
Bon Voyage (1944 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Emile (film)	director	Carl Bessai
The Delicate Art of Parking	director	Trent Carlson
The Adversary (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Alexander Singer
Best Laid Plans	director	Mike Barker (film director)
Is It Fall Yet?	director	Guy Moore
The Dungeonmaster	director	David W. Allen
The Dungeonmaster	director	Charles Band
The Dungeonmaster	director	John Carl Buechler
The Dungeonmaster	director	Steven Ford
The Dungeonmaster	director	Peter Manoogian
The Dungeonmaster	director	Ted Nicolaou
The Dungeonmaster	director	Rosemarie Turko
The Dogs of War (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Avery Brooks
Father's Little Dividend	director	Vincente Minnelli
The Engagement (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
Something New (film)	director	Sanaa Hamri
Aces Go Places 2	director	Eric Tsang
Transfigurations	director	Tom Benko
The Burning Hell	director	Ron Ormond
National Lampoon's Class Reunion	director	Michael Miller (film director)
It's Alive! (TV series)	director	Kevin Lund
Encore! Encore!	director	Sheldon Epps
Encore! Encore!	director	Pamela Fryman
Silly People	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
Stuart Little 3: Call of the Wild	director	Audu Paden
Heist (TV series)	director	Doug Liman
Mothra (film)	director	Ishirō Honda
The Andromeda Strain (film)	director	Robert Wise
Chitchor	director	Basu Chatterjee
Star Trek: The Pepsi Generation	director	Ryan K. Johnson
The Manster	director	George Breakston
China 9, Liberty 37	director	Monte Hellman
CyberWorld	director	Colin Davies
Knights of the South Bronx	director	Hughes brothers
Sikkim (film)	director	Satyajit Ray
Sadgati	director	Satyajit Ray
A Good Year	director	Ridley Scott
Sukumar Ray (film)	director	Satyajit Ray
Dirty Love	director	John Mallory Asher
Manhandled	director	Lewis R. Foster
Feng Shui (film)	director	Chito Roño
Docking the Boat	director	Tage Danielsson
When Maryam Spoke Out	director	Assad Fouladkar
The Steamroller and the Violin	director	Andrei Tarkovsky
36 Hours	director	George Seaton
PopClips	director	William Dear
Lamhe	director	Yash Chopra
Noi the Albino	director	Dagur Kári
Trilogy of Terror	director	Dan Curtis
The Pen	director	Tom Cherones
Dopamine (film)	director	Mark Decena
Howl's Moving Castle (film)	director	Hayao Miyazaki
God Is Great and I'm Not	director	Pascale Bailly
Sun Valley Serenade	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Dot the i	director	Matthew Parkhill
Zarak	director	Terence Young (director)
The Devil Bat	director	Jean Yarbrough
The Corpse Vanishes	director	Wallace Fox
The Death of Kevin Carter: Casualty of the Bang Bang Club	director	Dan Krauss
The Mushroom Club	director	Steven Okazaki
God Sleeps in Rwanda	director	Kimberlee Acquaro
God Sleeps in Rwanda	director	Stacy Sherman
The Beast in the Heart	director	Cristina Comencini
A Note of Triumph: The Golden Age of Norman Corwin	director	Eric Simonson
The Mysterious Geographic Explorations of Jasper Morello	director	Anthony Lucas (director)
9 (2005 film)	director	Shane Acker
Six Shooter (film)	director	Martin McDonagh
Anti-Thesis	director	Adam Bernstein
Darwin's Nightmare	director	Hubert Sauper
The Apple War	director	Tage Danielsson
Control (2007 film)	director	Anton Corbijn
Infection (film)	director	Masayuki Ochiai
Glastonbury the Movie	director	William Beaton
Glastonbury the Movie	director	Robin Mahoney
Glastonbury the Movie	director	Matthew Salkeld
Full Contact	director	Ringo Lam
The List of Adrian Messenger	director	John Huston
Glastonbury (film)	director	Julien Temple
Aks (film)	director	Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra
The Game (film)	director	David Fincher
Made in U.S.A (film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
The Kite (film)	director	Randa Chahal
Feast (film)	director	John Gulager
Pilot (Veronica Mars)	director	Mark Piznarski
Siao Yu	director	Sylvia Chang
The Missing Link (film)	director	Picha
Harem (film)	director	Arthur Joffe
Leaving Metropolis	director	Brad Fraser
Sarkar Raj	director	Ram Gopal Varma
The Tin Mine	director	Jira Maligool
Meet John Smith	director	Harry Winer
The Wrath of Con	director	Michael Fields (director)
You Think You Know Somebody	director	Nick Gomez
The Contract (2006 film)	director	Bruce Beresford
Return of the Kane	director	Sarah Pia Anderson
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang	director	Ken Hughes
Doraemon: Nobita and the Castle of the Undersea Devil	director	Ranma ½
Drinking the Kool-Aid (Veronica Mars)	director	Marcos Siega
An Echolls Family Christmas	director	Nick Marck
Silence of the Lamb (Veronica Mars)	director	John T. Kretchmer
Clash of the Tritons	director	David Barrett (director)
Lord of the Bling	director	Steve Gomer
Mafia!	director	Jim Abrahams
A Person of Interest (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
The Chronicles of Narnia (film series)	director	Andrew Adamson
The Chronicles of Narnia (film series)	director	Michael Apted
Great Barrier	director	Frank Prinzi
No Country for Old Men (film)	director	Coen brothers
Taxi No. 9211	director	Milan Luthria
Anamika (2008 film)	director	Anant Mahadevan
The Seventh Curse	director	Lam Ngai Kai
Scared Stiff (1987 film)	director	Lau Kar-wing
Glastonbury Fayre	director	Nicolas Roeg
Glastonbury Fayre	director	Peter Neal
En el espejo del cielo	director	Carlos Salces
Painting the Clouds with Sunshine (film)	director	David Butler (director)
Words and Music (1948 film)	director	Norman Taurog
Mars vs. Mars	director	Marcos Siega
Ruskie Business	director	Guy Bee
Betty and Veronica (Veronica Mars)	director	Michael Fields (director)
Kanes and Abel's	director	Nick Marck
Atragon	director	Ishirō Honda
The One and Only, Genuine, Original Family Band	director	Michael O'Herlihy
Cubix	director	Ron Clements
Cubix	director	John Musker
Franklin's Magic Christmas	director	John van Bruggen
Back to School with Franklin	director	Arna Selznick
Weapons of Class Destruction	director	John T. Kretchmer
Wind Chill (film)	director	Gregory Jacobs
G Men	director	William Keighley
Hot Dogs (Veronica Mars)	director	Nick Marck
M.A.D. (Veronica Mars)	director	John T. Kretchmer
A Trip to the Dentist	director	Marcos Siega
Hell of the Living Dead	director	Bruno Mattei
Hell of the Living Dead	director	Claudio Fragasso
Il Cuore nel Pozzo	director	Alberto Negrin
Leave It to Beaver (Veronica Mars)	director	Michael Fields (director)
Normal Is the Watchword	director	John T. Kretchmer
Red Light	director	Roy Del Ruth
Encore (1996 film)	director	Pascal Bonitzer
Driver Ed (Veronica Mars)	director	Nick Marck
Cheatty Cheatty Bang Bang	director	John T. Kretchmer
Green-Eyed Monster (Veronica Mars)	director	Jason Bloom (director)
Blast from the Past (Veronica Mars)	director	Harry Winer
Rat Saw God	director	Kevin Bray (director)
Akeelah and the Bee	director	Doug Atchison
Buck Privates	director	Arthur Lubin
Nobody Puts Baby in a Corner	director	Nick Marck
One Night in the Tropics	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Ahoy, Mateys!	director	Steve Gomer
Langt fra Las Vegas	director	Jonas Elmer (director)
My Mother, the Fiend	director	Nick Marck
Hoot (film)	director	Wil Shriner
One Angry Veronica	director	John T. Kretchmer
Donut Run	director	Rob Thomas (writer)
Samurai I: Musashi Miyamoto	director	Hiroshi Inagaki
Smokin' Aces	director	Joe Carnahan
Henna (film)	director	Randhir Kapoor
Anthony Zimmer	director	Jérôme Salle
Dragon Boys	director	Jerry Ciccoritti
The People That Time Forgot (film)	director	Kevin Connor (director)
American Blackout	director	Ian Inaba
At the Earth's Core (film)	director	Kevin Connor (director)
Samurai II: Duel at Ichijoji Temple	director	Hiroshi Inagaki
Samurai II: Duel at Ichijoji Temple	director	Jun Fukuda
Let Me Die a Woman	director	Doris Wishman
Samurai III: Duel at Ganryu Island	director	Hiroshi Inagaki
Alcanzar una estrella	director	Marco Flavio Cruz
Rashard and Wallace Go to White Castle	director	John T. Kretchmer
Il Colosso di Rodi	director	Sergio Leone
Eleven Men Out	director	Róbert Ingi Douglas
Time of the Gypsies	director	Emir Kusturica
The Man They Could Not Hang	director	Nick Grinde
Personal Velocity: Three Portraits	director	Rebecca Miller
Tower of London (1939 film)	director	Rowland V. Lee
The Mob (film)	director	Robert Parrish
The Golden Voyage of Sinbad	director	Gordon Hessler
For Catherine	director	Ethan Hunter
Two Much	director	Fernando Trueba
The Five Obstructions	director	Lars von Trier
The Five Obstructions	director	Jørgen Leth
Sivaji (film)	director	S. Shankar
Pumpkinhead II: Blood Wings	director	Jeff Burr
Vampire in Venice	director	Augusto Caminito
The Big Knife	director	Robert Aldrich
Apaharan	director	Prakash Jha
Shakti: The Power	director	Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi
Cavalcade (1933 film)	director	Frank Lloyd
The Last Man on Earth (1964 film)	director	Ubaldo Ragona
The Last Man on Earth (1964 film)	director	Sidney Salkow
The Great Debaters	director	Denzel Washington
Sibling Rivalry (Family Guy)	director	Dan Povenmire
Universal Soldier (1992 film)	director	Roland Emmerich
Rocco and His Brothers	director	Luchino Visconti
Fahrenheit 451 (1966 film)	director	François Truffaut
Dave Chappelle's Block Party	director	Michel Gondry
The Seniors	director	Rod Amateau
Live Flesh (film)	director	Pedro Almodóvar
Swabhimaan	director	Mahesh Bhatt
A Dog's Breakfast	director	David Hewlett
Straight Talk	director	Barnet Kellman
Sordid Lives	director	Del Shores
Burnt Offerings (film)	director	Dan Curtis
The Amityville Horror (1979 film)	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Strait-Jacket	director	William Castle
Kafka (film)	director	Steven Soderbergh
Stromboli (film)	director	Roberto Rossellini
Tripfall	director	Serge Rodnunsky
Tension (film)	director	John Berry (film director)
Thambi	director	Seeman (director)
Specimens of Beauty	director	Danny Clinch
The Swan Princess	director	Richard Rich (director)
The Flim-Flam Man	director	Irvin Kershner
Cry Danger	director	Robert Parrish
The Land Before Time VIII: The Big Freeze	director	Charles Grosvenor
Kid Paddle	director	Olivier Bonnet
Atentát	director	Jiří Sequens
Happily Ever After: Fairy Tales for Every Child	director	Bruce W. Smith
Happily Ever After: Fairy Tales for Every Child	director	Anthony Bell (director)
Or (My Treasure)	director	Keren Yedaya
The Kwicky Koala Show	director	George Gordon (animator)
The Kwicky Koala Show	director	Carl Urbano
Khamosh Pani	director	Sabiha Sumar
Uzak	director	Nuri Bilge Ceylan
The Changing Face of Evil	director	Mike Vejar
The Year of the Quiet Sun	director	Krzysztof Zanussi
Le Jour Se Lève	director	Marcel Carné
Catchfire	director	Alan Smithee
After Death	director	Claudio Fragasso
Are You Being Served? (film)	director	Bob Kellett
Dragon Ball: Curse of the Blood Rubies	director	Daisuke Nishio
Wild Iris (film)	director	Daniel Petrie
Miss Potter	director	Chris Noonan
Sky Bandits	director	Zoran Perisic
Breakaway (Space: 1999)	director	Lee H. Katzin
Idaya Kovil	director	Mani Ratnam
Unaru	director	Mani Ratnam
A Very Merry Pooh Year	director	Jamie Mitchell
Face of the Enemy (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
The Hired Hand	director	Peter Fonda
Scooby-Doo and the Reluctant Werewolf	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
All Souls Day (film)	director	Jeremy Kasten
Dancing at the Blue Iguana	director	Michael Radford
Mysterium Occupation (film)	director	Andrei Kudinenko
Red Sky at Morning (1971 film)	director	James Goldstone
R.S.V.P. (film)	director	Mark Anthony Galluzzo
Failure to Launch	director	Tom Dey
You Must Be The Husband	director	Richard Boden
The Monster Club	director	Roy Ward Baker
The Medusa Touch (film)	director	Jack Gold
Flash Gordon (film)	director	Mike Hodges
Alexander Popov (film)	director	Herbert Rappaport
Alexander Popov (film)	director	Viktor Eysymont
Joy in the Morning (film)	director	Alex Segal
Klovn	director	Mikkel Nørgaard
The Immortal Story	director	Orson Welles
The Return of the Living Dead	director	Dan O'Bannon
Valley of the Wolves: Iraq	director	Serdar Akar
Carefree (film)	director	Mark Sandrich
Disco Godfather	director	J. Robert Wagoner
The Undercover Man	director	Joseph H. Lewis
When It Rains…	director	Michael Dorn
Bopha!	director	Morgan Freeman
Murder in the Heartland	director	Robert Markowitz
HaShir Shelanu	director	Shirley Stern
HaShir Shelanu	director	Yoav Tzafir
Perfect (film)	director	James Bridges
Human Highway	director	Neil Young
Human Highway	director	Dean Stockwell
Blue Juice	director	Carl Prechezer
Planet of the Vampires	director	Mario Bava
The Flying Deuces	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Author! Author! (film)	director	Arthur Hiller
The Breaking Point (1950 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Great Buck Howard	director	Sean McGinly
The Major and the Minor	director	Billy Wilder
Evdokia (film)	director	Alexis Damianos
The Strong Man	director	Frank Capra
Mutiny on the Bounty (1935 film)	director	Frank Lloyd
Do Over	director	Bryan Gordon
Do Over	director	Michael Lange
Do Over	director	Shawn Levy
Do Over	director	Allison Liddi-Brown
Do Over	director	Neal Israel
Do Over	director	Lev L. Spiro
Mutiny on the Bounty (1962 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Fighting Norway	director	Sydney Newman
Banshees Over Canada	director	James Beveridge
Tacking Into the Wind	director	Mike Vejar
The Lake House (film)	director	Alejandro Agresti
Chinese Coffee	director	Al Pacino
The Resurrection of Broncho Billy	director	James Rokos
Little Man (film)	director	Keenen Ivory Wayans
Chaos Theory (film)	director	Marcos Siega
The Three Stooges in Orbit	director	Edward Bernds
Robot Taekwon V and Golden Wing 123	director	Kim Cheong-gi
Full Fathom Five (film)	director	Carl Franklin
Firstborn (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Jonathan West
Phenomena (film)	director	Dario Argento
Inferno (1980 film)	director	Dario Argento
After Innocence	director	Jessica Sanders (director)
You May Now Kiss the... Uh... Guy Who Receives	director	Dominic Polcino
Britain and Ireland's Next Top Model	director	James MacDonald
Hamlet (1964 film)	director	Grigori Kozintsev
Hamlet (1964 film)	director	Iosif Shapiro
The Tenants	director	Danny Green (director)
Imaginary Crimes	director	Anthony Drazan
Jean Taris, Swimming Champion	director	Jean Vigo
Live from Las Vegas (video)	director	Marty Callner
The 39 Steps (1959 film)	director	Ralph Thomas
Vanaprastham	director	Shaji N. Karun
Toys in the Attic (film)	director	George Roy Hill
Heroes (1977 film)	director	Jeremy Kagan
Tash ma Tash	director	Abdul Khaleq Alghanem
Suddenly Human	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
The Ghoul	director	T. Hayes Hunter
Extreme Measures (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Steve Posey
Beach Blanket Bingo	director	William Asher
Corazón salvaje (1956 film)	director	Juan José Ortega
Ensign Ro (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Les Landau
Corazón salvaje (1968 film)	director	Tito Davison
Ratboy	director	Sondra Locke
The Puffy Shirt	director	Tom Cherones
Shane (TV series)	director	David Greene (director)
Shane (TV series)	director	Gerd Oswald
Kung Fu: The Movie	director	Richard Lang
Kung Fu: The Next Generation	director	Tony Wharmby
Tenebrae (film)	director	Dario Argento
After the Game	director	Brewster MacWilliams
Ernest Scared Stupid	director	John R. Cherry III
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 4	director	Robert McKimson
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 4	director	Frank Tashlin
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 4	director	Friz Freleng
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 4	director	Chuck Jones
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 4	director	Bob Clampett
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 4	director	Arthur Davis (animator)
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 4	director	Hawley Pratt
Captains Courageous (1937 film)	director	Victor Fleming
Pecan Pie (film)	director	Michel Gondry
The Buffalo Boy	director	Nguyễn Võ Nghiêm Minh
"Weird Al" Yankovic: The Ultimate Video Collection	director	"Weird Al" Yankovic
The King and I (1956 film)	director	Walter Lang
Sophie's Choice (film)	director	Alan J. Pakula
The Wind That Shakes the Barley (film)	director	Ken Loach
Endgame (1983 film)	director	Joe D'Amato
RV (film)	director	Barry Sonnenfeld
All About Anna	director	Jessica Nilsson
Copying Beethoven	director	Agnieszka Holland
No te engañes corazón	director	Miguel Contreras Torres
Café Flesh	director	Stephen Sayadian
Café Flesh	director	Mark S. Esposito
Sudden Death (film)	director	Peter Hyams
Agnes and His Brothers	director	Oskar Roehler
Calendar Girl (1993 film)	director	John Whitesell
Cane Toads: An Unnatural History	director	Mark Lewis (filmmaker)
Northfork	director	The Polish brothers
Cold Fire (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Cliff Bole
Basics (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Ishq (1997 film)	director	Indra Kumar
Ricochet Rabbit & Droop-a-Long	director	William Hanna
Ricochet Rabbit & Droop-a-Long	director	Joseph Barbera
Into the Arms of Strangers: Stories of the Kindertransport	director	Mark Jonathan Harris
Amma Ariyan	director	John Abraham (director)
Plunkett & Macleane	director	Jake Scott (director)
Aaina (1993 film)	director	Deepak Sareen
The Mirror (1967 film)	director	Qin Tao
The Mirror (1913 film)	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
Oglinda	director	Sergiu Nicolaescu
Titanic Town (film)	director	Roger Michell
Trapped in a Purple Haze	director	Eric Laneuville
Yeah Right!	director	Ty Evans
Yeah Right!	director	Spike Jonze
Ain't No Magic Mountain High Enough	director	Guy Bee
The Phantom of the Opera (1962 film)	director	Terence Fisher
Man in Space	director	Ward Kimball
Mars and Beyond	director	Ward Kimball
The Disneyland Story	director	Robert Florey
Dr. Goldfoot and the Bikini Machine	director	Norman Taurog
Demon Under Glass	director	Jon Cunningham
Final Mission	director	Corey Allen
Jade (film)	director	William Friedkin
Milk Money (film)	director	Richard Benjamin
Free Willy 3: The Rescue	director	Sam Pillsbury
Molly (film)	director	John Duigan
Second in Command	director	Simon Fellows
In the Year 2889	director	Larry Buchanan
King of Sorrow (film)	director	Damian Lee
Deathstalker and the Warriors from Hell	director	Alfonso "Poncho" Corona
The War Zone	director	Tim Roth
Kid Millions	director	Roy Del Ruth
Bombay Boys	director	Kaizad Gustad
They Call Me Bruce?	director	Elliott Hong
My Name Is Bruce	director	Bruce Campbell
They Still Call Me Bruce	director	James Orr (filmmaker)
They Still Call Me Bruce	director	Johnny Yune
Producing Adults	director	Aleksi Salmenperä
Before the Light Turns Green	director	John M. Bolger
No Mercy (film)	director	Richard Pearce (film director)
First on the Moon	director	Aleksey Fedorchenko
50 Ways of Saying Fabulous	director	Stewart Main
Truck Turner	director	Jonathan Kaplan
The File on Thelma Jordon	director	Robert Siodmak
Prey Alone	director	Stephen St. Leger
Prey Alone	director	James Mather (director)
Are We Done Yet?	director	Steve Carr
Shall We Dance (1937 film)	director	Mark Sandrich
The Pope of Greenwich Village	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Can of Worms (film)	director	Paul Schneider (director)
The Gong Show Movie	director	Chuck Barris
The Mad Ghoul	director	James P. Hogan (director)
House of Horrors	director	Jean Yarbrough
The Outrage	director	Martin Ritt
Vampire's Kiss	director	Robert Bierman
No Exit (1995 film)	director	Damian Lee
Nowhere to Run (1993 film)	director	Robert Harmon
Flock of Dodos	director	Randy Olson
4 Little Girls	director	Spike Lee
Can't Buy Me Love (film)	director	Steve Rash
Pooh's Heffalump Halloween Movie	director	Elliot M. Bour
Pooh's Heffalump Halloween Movie	director	Saul Andrew Blinkoff
100% Arabica	director	Mahmoud Zemmouri
Timescape (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Adam Nimoy
Alone (1931 film)	director	Leonid Trauberg
Alone (1931 film)	director	Grigori Kozintsev
I Was Born, But...	director	Yasujirō Ozu
The Outside Chance of Maximilian Glick	director	Allan A. Goldstein
Sunset (film)	director	Blake Edwards
Appointment with Death (film)	director	Michael Winner
Deluge (film)	director	Felix E. Feist
What America Needs	director	Mark Wojahn
AKA (film)	director	Duncan Roy
The Super	director	Rod Daniel
Time Walker	director	Tom Kennedy (film editor/director)
Basket Case 2	director	Frank Henenlotter
Voodoo Dawn	director	Steven Fierberg
Strangeland	director	John Pieplow
Man and the Moon	director	Ward Kimball
Trust (1990 film)	director	Hal Hartley
Charlotte and Her Boyfriend	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Window Water Baby Moving	director	Stan Brakhage
To Be or Not to Be (1983 film)	director	Alan Johnson (choreographer)
The Seven Deadly Sins (1962 film)	director	Philippe de Broca
The Seven Deadly Sins (1962 film)	director	Claude Chabrol
The Seven Deadly Sins (1962 film)	director	Jacques Demy
The Seven Deadly Sins (1962 film)	director	Sylvain Dhomme
The Seven Deadly Sins (1962 film)	director	Max Douy
The Seven Deadly Sins (1962 film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
The Seven Deadly Sins (1962 film)	director	Eugène Ionesco
The Seven Deadly Sins (1962 film)	director	Édouard Molinaro
The Seven Deadly Sins (1962 film)	director	Roger Vadim
Thank You So Much	director	David Grossman (director)
Les plus belles escroqueries du monde	director	Claude Chabrol
Les plus belles escroqueries du monde	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Les plus belles escroqueries du monde	director	Ugo Gregoretti
Les plus belles escroqueries du monde	director	Hiromichi Horikawa
Les plus belles escroqueries du monde	director	Roman Polanski
Boot Polish (film)	director	Prakash Arora
The Queen of Spades (1982 film)	director	Igor Maslennikov
88 Minutes	director	Jon Avnet
Al Nasser Salah Ad-Din (film)	director	Youssef Chahine
D.C. (TV series)	director	Joe Berlinger
D.C. (TV series)	director	Michael Fields (director)
The Magic Box	director	Boulting brothers
Le Manoir du diable	director	Georges Méliès
The Face of Another (film)	director	Hiroshi Teshigahara
Devil's Due (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Tom Benko
Empire (2005 TV series)	director	John Gray (director)
Empire (2005 TV series)	director	Kim Manners
Hollywoodland	director	Allen Coulter
The Queen of Spades (1960 film)	director	Roman Tikhomirov
Me and the Big Guy	director	Matt Nix
Chemman Chaalai	director	Deepak Kumaran Menon
When Will I Be Loved (film)	director	James Toback
The Rapture (film)	director	Michael Tolkin
The Abominable Snowman (film)	director	Val Guest
If You Were the Only Girl in the World	director	Raymond Menmuir
Holiday (1938 film)	director	George Cukor
I Vampiri	director	Riccardo Freda
I Vampiri	director	Mario Bava
Emergence (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Cliff Bole
Children of Mini-Japan	director	Chalam Bennurkar
Waist Deep	director	Vondie Curtis-Hall
Frozen with Fear	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Land of the Pharaohs	director	Howard Hawks
The Bitch (film)	director	Gerry O'Hara
Alice in Glamourland	director	Pieter Kramer
Lady Godiva Rides Again	director	Frank Launder
These Old Broads	director	Matthew Diamond
Le Silence de la mer (film)	director	Jean-Pierre Melville
The Hellstrom Chronicle	director	Ed Spiegel
The Hellstrom Chronicle	director	Walon Green
Booze Cruise (The Office)	director	Ken Kwapis
Golden Dreams	director	Agnieszka Holland
Burial Ground: The Nights of Terror	director	Andrea Bianchi
The Injury	director	Bryan Gordon
The Dundies	director	Greg Daniels
Sexual Harassment (The Office)	director	Ken Kwapis
Office Olympics	director	Paul Feig
The Three Worlds of Gulliver	director	Jack Sher
Reign Over Me	director	Mike Binder
Momotarō no Umiwashi	director	Mitsuyo Seo
The Silver Streak	director	Thomas Atkins (director)
To Have or Not to Have	director	Niki Karimi
One Night (2005 film)	director	Niki Karimi
The Green Room (film)	director	François Truffaut
Jack's Back	director	Rowdy Herrington
Alone in the Dark (1982 film)	director	Jack Sholder
The Sender	director	Roger Christian (filmmaker)
Hell Night	director	Tom DeSimone
Indigo (film)	director	Stephen Simon
Galaxy's Child	director	Winrich Kolbe
Good Fences	director	Ernest Dickerson
The Trial (1962 film)	director	Orson Welles
Tristana	director	Luis Buñuel
The Caretakers	director	Hall Bartlett
CKY 3	director	Bam Margera
CKY 3	director	Brandon DiCamillo
Razorback (film)	director	Russell Mulcahy
The Fire (The Office)	director	Ken Kwapis
Halloween (The Office)	director	Paul Feig
The Fight (The Office)	director	Ken Kwapis
The Client (The Office)	director	Greg Daniels
American Outlaws	director	Les Mayfield
The Man Who Skied Down Everest	director	Bruce Nyznik
The Man Who Skied Down Everest	director	Lawrence Schiller
Alienator	director	Fred Olen Ray
Zelda (film)	director	Pat O'Connor (director)
Vaastav: The Reality	director	Mahesh Manjrekar
Pulse (1995 film)	director	David Mallet (director)
Money Train	director	Joseph Ruben
Without Evidence	director	Gill Dennis
Untamed (1929 film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Club Paradise	director	Harold Ramis
Feds	director	Daniel Goldberg
You Can't Cheat an Honest Man	director	George Marshall (director)
You Can't Cheat an Honest Man	director	Edward F. Cline
Never Give a Sucker an Even Break	director	Edward F. Cline
Riki-Oh: The Story of Ricky	director	Lam Ngai Kai
The Hound of the Baskervilles (1981 film)	director	Igor Maslennikov
As You Like It (2006 film)	director	Kenneth Branagh
After the Truth	director	Roland Suso Richter
The Lonely Guy	director	Arthur Hiller
Solas (film)	director	Benito Zambrano
Catharisis	director	Katsumi Sakaguchi
Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Her	director	Rodrigo García Barcha
The Girl with the Hungry Eyes (film)	director	William Rotsler
The Utopian Society	director	John P.Aguirre (director)
Dracula 3D	director	Dario Argento
An Inconvenient Truth	director	Davis Guggenheim
Salt and Pepper (film)	director	Richard Donner
Shorty (film)	director	Jon Chang
Performance Review	director	Paul Feig
E-mail Surveillance	director	Paul Feig
Christmas Party (The Office)	director	Charles McDougall
The Chaser's War on Everything	director	Craig Melville
Varsity Show (film)	director	William Keighley
Devdas (2002 film)	director	Sanjay Leela Bhansali
Secret Agent (1947 film)	director	Boris Barnet
Buzz (film)	director	Eli Cohen (actor)
Saravana	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Valley of the Wolves (TV series)	director	Osman Sınav
Providence (1977 film)	director	Alain Resnais
Lace (TV series)	director	William Hale
The Further Adventures of SuperTed	director	Bob Alvarez
The Further Adventures of SuperTed	director	Paul Sommers
First Descent	director	Kemp Curly
First Descent	director	Kevin Harrison
Comrade X	director	King Vidor
The Phenix City Story	director	Phil Karlson
Knock Off (film)	director	Tsui Hark
Riding Giants	director	Stacy Peralta
Cool Blue	director	Mark Mullin
Cool Blue	director	Richard Shepard
Children of the Living Dead	director	Tor Ramsey
Child of Glass	director	John Erman
A Stranger Is Watching (film)	director	Sean S. Cunningham
Alien Autopsy (film)	director	Jonny Campbell
The Night They Raided Minsky's	director	William Friedkin
The Secret (The Office)	director	Dennie Gordon
Mannequin (video)	director	Thomas Mignone
Blind Flight	director	John Furse
A Matter of Time (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Henry Fool	director	Hal Hartley
Fay Grim	director	Hal Hartley
CKY2K	director	Bam Margera
Lucky 13	director	Chris Hall (filmmaker)
Four of the Apocalypse	director	Lucio Fulci
Never So Few	director	John Sturges
The Carpet	director	Victor Nelli, Jr.
Boys and Girls (The Office)	director	Dennie Gordon
Stick It	director	Jessica Bendinger
Valentine's Day (The Office)	director	Greg Daniels
Dwight's Speech	director	Charles McDougall
Pilot (The Office)	director	Ken Kwapis
Perfect Creature	director	Glenn Standring
Beware of the Car	director	Eldar Ryazanov
Mrs. Santa Claus	director	Terry Hughes (director)
Run for Your Life (TV series)	director	Nicholas Colasanto
Run for Your Life (TV series)	director	Ben Gazzara
Run for Your Life (TV series)	director	Fernando Lamas
Run for Your Life (TV series)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Run for Your Life (TV series)	director	Leo Penn
Run for Your Life (TV series)	director	John Rich (director)
Run for Your Life (TV series)	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Run for Your Life (TV series)	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Run for Your Life (TV series)	director	Alexander Singer
Brother Bear 2	director	Ben Gluck
Tarzan & Jane	director	Steve Loter
Countess Dracula	director	Peter Sasdy
The Land Before Time XI: Invasion of the Tinysauruses	director	Charles Grosvenor
PanDaemonAeon	director	Alex Chandon
Assunta Spina (1915 film)	director	Gustavo Serena
The Honeymoon Machine	director	Richard Thorpe
De Cierta Manera (film)	director	Sara Gómez
De Cierta Manera (film)	director	Julio García Espinosa
De Cierta Manera (film)	director	Thomas González Pérez
De Cierta Manera (film)	director	Tomás Gutiérrez Alea
The Pirates Who Don't Do Anything: A VeggieTales Movie	director	Mike Nawrocki
The Wind in the Willows (1996 film)	director	Terry Jones
London (2006 film)	director	Hunter Richards
The Dentist 2	director	Brian Yuzna
Grbavica (film)	director	Jasmila Žbanić
Abandon (film)	director	Stephen Gaghan
The Story of Qiu Ju	director	Zhang Yimou
Urban Legends: Bloody Mary	director	Mary Lambert
H. G. Wells' The Shape of Things to Come	director	George McCowan
Chandni	director	Yash Chopra
Anahat (film)	director	Amol Palekar
Mr. India	director	Shekhar Kapur
Judaai (1997 film)	director	Raj Kanwar
Queer Boys and Girls on the Shinkansen	director	Hasegawa Kenjiro
Queer Boys and Girls on the Shinkansen	director	Iksan
Queer Boys and Girls on the Shinkansen	director	Kang Yen-Nien
Queer Boys and Girls on the Shinkansen	director	Woolala Satoko
Queer Boys and Girls on the Shinkansen	director	Hata Tomoaki
Queer Boys and Girls on the Shinkansen	director	Takasaki Keiichi
Queer Boys and Girls on the Shinkansen	director	Hirai Yuko
Queer Boys and Girls on the Shinkansen	director	Imaizumi Koichi
Queer Boys and Girls on the Shinkansen	director	Taguchi Hiroki
Queer Boys and Girls on the Shinkansen	director	Akira the Hustler
Oru Vadakkan Veeragatha	director	Hariharan (director)
A Sorta Fairytale    1	director	Sanji (director)
Busgirl	director	Steven Schuldt
The Silent World	director	Jacques Cousteau
The Silent World	director	Louis Malle
Left Luggage (film)	director	Jeroen Krabbé
Train of Dreams	director	John N. Smith
Frostbite (2006 film)	director	Anders Banke
No. 2 (film)	director	Toa Fraser
Nankyoku Monogatari	director	Koreyoshi Kurahara
The Loss	director	Chip Chalmers
One Way Street	director	Hugo Fregonese
Mo' Money	director	Peter MacDonald (film director)
Mo' Money	director	Damon Wayans
Diversity Day	director	Ken Kwapis
Health Care (The Office)	director	Ken Whittingham
The Alliance (The Office)	director	Bryan Gordon
Basketball (The Office)	director	Greg Daniels
The Left Hand of God	director	Edward Dmytryk
Wired (film)	director	Larry Peerce
Hot Girl (The Office)	director	Amy Heckerling
Boys and Girls (2000 film)	director	Robert Iscove
Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers	director	Michael A. Simpson
When a Stranger Calls Back	director	Fred Walton
Barenaked in America	director	Jason Priestley
The One with Ross's Wedding	director	Kevin Bright
Objective, Burma!	director	Raoul Walsh
The Panama Deception	director	Barbara Trent
There Is No Other Way	director	Randall Zisk
Still Breathing	director	James F. Robinson (filmmaker)
Broadway (1942 film)	director	William A. Seiter
Twitch of the Death Nerve	director	Mario Bava
Prodigal Daughter (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Victor Lobl
Hagiga B'Snuker	director	Boaz Davidson
The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen (film)	director	Stephen Norrington
Kain XVIII	director	Nadezhda Kosheverova
Kain XVIII	director	Mikhail Shapiro
Close to Home (film)	director	Dalia Hager
Close to Home (film)	director	Vidi Bilu
World Without Sun	director	Jacques Cousteau
Terminal Velocity (film)	director	Deran Sarafian
Amandla!: A Revolution in Four-Part Harmony	director	Lee Hirsch
The Horror of Frankenstein	director	Jimmy Sangster
36 Fillette	director	Catherine Breillat
The White Cliffs of Dover (1944 film)	director	Clarence Brown
Blood of the Vampire	director	Henry Cass
I'll Do Anything	director	James L. Brooks
The Muse (film)	director	Albert Brooks
The Falklands Play	director	Michael Samuels (director)
Whisky (film)	director	Juan Pablo Rebella
Whisky (film)	director	Pablo Stoll
Silicon Avatar	director	Cliff Bole
This Land Is Mine (film)	director	Jean Renoir
Hero Worship (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Patrick Stewart
Violations (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Wiemer
New Ground (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Scheerer
The Masterpiece Society	director	Winrich Kolbe
Extremities (film)	director	Robert M. Young (film director)
National Lampoon's Senior Trip	director	Kelly Makin
Interface (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Wiemer
The Sleeping City	director	George Sherman
Careful, He Might Hear You	director	Carl Schultz
Hamilton (film)	director	Harald Zwart
Pakeezah	director	Kamal Amrohi
Union Station (film)	director	Rudolph Maté
Aryan (film)	director	Abhishek Kapoor
High Spirits (film)	director	Neil Jordan
The Pink Mirror	director	Sridhar Rangayan
The Borderland	director	Leslie Stevens
Tourist Attraction (The Outer Limits)	director	László Benedek
The Zanti Misfits	director	Leonard Horn
The Mice (The Outer Limits)	director	Alan Crosland, Jr.
Controlled Experiment	director	Leslie Stevens
Don't Open Till Doomsday	director	Gerd Oswald
ZZZZZ	director	John Brahm
The Invisibles (The Outer Limits)	director	Gerd Oswald
The Bellero Shield	director	John Brahm
The Children of Spider County	director	Leonard Horn
Specimen: Unknown	director	Gerd Oswald
Second Chance (The Outer Limits)	director	Paul Stanley (director)
Moonstone (The Outer Limits)	director	Robert Florey
The Mutant	director	Alan Crosland, Jr.
The Guests (The Outer Limits)	director	Paul Stanley (director)
The Special One (The Outer Limits)	director	Gerd Oswald
Fun and Games (The Outer Limits)	director	Gerd Oswald
A Feasibility Study	director	Byron Haskin
Production and Decay of Strange Particles	director	Leslie Stevens
The Forms of Things Unknown	director	Gerd Oswald
The Chameleon (The Outer Limits)	director	Gerd Oswald
Soldier (The Outer Limits)	director	Gerd Oswald
Cold Hands, Warm Heart	director	Charles F. Haas
Behold, Eck!	director	Byron Haskin
Expanding Human	director	Gerd Oswald
Band of the Hand	director	Paul Michael Glaser
Drowned World Tour 2001	director	Hamish Hamilton
Cry of Silence	director	Charles F. Haas
The Invisible Enemy (The Outer Limits)	director	Byron Haskin
Wolf 359 (The Outer Limits)	director	László Benedek
I, Robot (1964 The Outer Limits)	director	Leon Benson
The Duplicate Man	director	Gerd Oswald
The Inheritors (The Outer Limits)	director	James Goldstone
Keeper of the Purple Twilight	director	Charles F. Haas
Counterweight (The Outer Limits)	director	Paul Stanley (director)
The Brain of Colonel Barham	director	Charles F. Haas
The Premonition	director	Gerd Oswald
The Probe	director	Felix Feist
Southside 1-1000	director	Boris Ingster
Aiki (film)	director	Daisuke Tengan
Two Evil Eyes	director	Dario Argento
Two Evil Eyes	director	George A. Romero
Soul to Soul (film)	director	Denis Sanders
Stranger than Fiction (2006 film)	director	Marc Forster
Kitten with a Whip	director	Douglas Heyes
Diabolique (1996 film)	director	Jeremiah S. Chechik
Who's the Man?	director	Ted Demme
Who's the Man?	director	Suzanne de Passe
The Aviator (1985 film)	director	George T. Miller
Permanent Record (film)	director	Marisa Silver
Threat (film)	director	Matt Pizzolo
Spotswood (film)	director	Mark Joffe
The Eye Creatures	director	Larry Buchanan
Father of the Bride (TV series)	director	Fletcher Markle
Father of the Bride (TV series)	director	Gene Reynolds
Father of the Bride (TV series)	director	Richard Whorf
Lionheart (1990 film)	director	Sheldon Lettich
Maximum Risk	director	Ringo Lam
Bangkok Dangerous (1999 film)	director	Pang brothers
Mark of the Devil	director	Michael Armstrong (cinematographer)
Captain Clegg (film)	director	Peter Graham Scott
Meet Me in Miami	director	Eric Hannah
Meet Me in Miami	director	Iren Koster
Bangaram	director	S. Dharani
Séraphin: un homme et son péché	director	Charles Binamé
The Rare Breed	director	Andrew McLaglen
Dance 360	director	Richard Brian DiPirro
Night at the Museum	director	Shawn Levy
Everyday Use	director	Bruce Schwartz
Zorro's Fighting Legion	director	William Witney
Zorro's Fighting Legion	director	John English (director)
Toto the Hero	director	Jaco Van Dormael
Sabari	director	Suresh director
Out 1	director	Jacques Rivette
Out 1	director	Suzanne Schiffman
Once a Cop	director	Stanley Tong
Legacy: A Mormon Journey	director	Kieth Merrill
The Dust Factory	director	Eric Small
The Woman Chaser	director	Robinson Devor
Cockfighter	director	Monte Hellman
Cita's World	director	Corey Turner
Teen Summit	director	Alisa McCoy
Teen Summit	director	Cindy Birch
Teen Summit	director	Nia Hill
Li'l Abner (1959 film)	director	Melvin Frank
I Married a Strange Person!	director	Bill Plympton
The Big White	director	Mark Mylod
Mard	director	Manmohan Desai
Mojave Phone Booth (film)	director	John Putch
Captain Ron	director	Thom Eberhardt
Robotech 3000	director	Carl Macek
Heart Condition (film)	director	James D. Parriott
The Mighty Quinn (film)	director	Carl Schenkel
Ricochet (film)	director	Russell Mulcahy
For Queen and Country	director	Martin Stellman
Alien Dead	director	Fred Olen Ray
Birds in the Bush	director	David Croft (TV producer)
Inspector Gadget (film)	director	David Kellogg
Secret Cutting	director	Norma Bailey
Schizoid (film)	director	David Paulsen
Kaakha Kaakha	director	Gautham Menon
Witchboard	director	Kevin S. Tenney
Happy Birthday to Me	director	J. Lee Thompson
Little Otik	director	Jan Švankmajer
Døden på Oslo S	director	Eva Isaksen
Der bewegte Mann	director	Sönke Wortmann
Ijaazat	director	Gulzar
Skag	director	Frank Perry
Romeo and Juliet (1908 film)	director	J. Stuart Blackton
Devasuram	director	I. V. Sasi
Deep Red	director	Dario Argento
Unknown White Male (2005 film)	director	Rupert Murray
The "Weird Al" Yankovic Video Library	director	"Weird Al" Yankovic
Alapalooza: The Videos	director	"Weird Al" Yankovic
He Knows You're Alone	director	Armand Mastroianni
"Weird Al" Yankovic: The Ultimate Collection	director	"Weird Al" Yankovic
Boom (2003 film)	director	Kaizad Gustad
Bad Hair Day: The Videos	director	"Weird Al" Yankovic
The Man with One Red Shoe	director	Stan Dragoti
Love Is All There Is	director	Joseph Bologna
Love Is All There Is	director	Renée Taylor
"Weird Al" Yankovic: The Videos	director	Janet Greek
"Weird Al" Yankovic: The Videos	director	Mark Osborne (filmmaker)
"Weird Al" Yankovic: The Videos	director	Dror Soref
"Weird Al" Yankovic: The Videos	director	Robert K. Weiss
"Weird Al" Yankovic: The Videos	director	"Weird Al" Yankovic
Volunteers (film)	director	Nicholas Meyer
Senseless	director	Penelope Spheeris
Echo of Thunder	director	Simon Wincer
The Watcher in the Woods	director	John Hough (director)
The Watcher in the Woods	director	Vincent McEveety
A Smell of Honey, a Swallow of Brine	director	Byron Mabe
Warrior of the Lost World	director	David Worth
The River Wild	director	Curtis Hanson
Home Room (film)	director	Paul F. Ryan
Lady Paname	director	Henri Jeanson
Imagine Me & You	director	Ol Parker
Down to the Bone (film)	director	Debra Granik
You Light Up My Life	director	Joseph Brooks (songwriter)
The Man from Snowy River II	director	Geoff Burrowes
Magic Circle Club	director	Godfrey Philipp
International Centre for Theoretical Physics	director	Fernando Quevedo
International Centre for Theoretical Physics	director	K. R. Sreenivasan
International Centre for Theoretical Physics	director	Abdus Salam
The Mountain Road	director	Daniel Mann
Roommates (1995 film)	director	Peter Yates
Cookie's Fortune	director	Robert Altman
Memories of Underdevelopment	director	Tomás Gutiérrez Alea
The Masque of the Red Death (film)	director	Roger Corman
Dick Spanner, P.I.	director	Terry Adlam
Mammoth (film)	director	Tim Cox
Kissed	director	Lynne Stopkewich
Chaos (2006 film)	director	Tony Giglio
Bosta (film)	director	Philippe Aractingi
Space Truckers	director	Stuart Gordon
Good Grief	director	Jeff Melman
Mercy (film)	director	Damian Harris
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn (film)	director	Elia Kazan
Babul (1950 film)	director	S.U. Sunny
Dark Kingdom: The Dragon King	director	Uli Edel
Onmyoji (film)	director	Yōjirō Takita
Emerald Point N.A.S.	director	Karen Arthur
Emerald Point N.A.S.	director	Robert O. Becker
Suddenly Naked	director	Anne Wheeler
Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves	director	Dean Cundey
Closer to Truth	director	Peter Getzels
Birthright (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Frame of Mind (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	James L. Conway
Suspicions (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Cliff Bole
Second Chances (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	LeVar Burton
Liaisons (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Cliff Bole
I Wanna Hold Your Hand (film)	director	Robert Zemeckis
Lower Decks	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
Zebra Lounge	director	Kari Skogland
Masks (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Robert Wiemer
The Job (2003 film)	director	Kenny Golde
Preemptive Strike (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Patrick Stewart
Eye of the Beholder (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Cliff Bole
The One Where Michael Leaves	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
Rustlers' Rhapsody	director	Hugh Wilson (director)
Mee Pok Man	director	Eric Khoo
Top Banana (Arrested Development)	director	Russo brothers
Bringing Up Buster	director	Russo brothers
The Body (film)	director	Jonas McCord
Key Decisions	director	Russo brothers
About a Boy (film)	director	Chris Weitz
About a Boy (film)	director	Paul Weitz (filmmaker)
Sing Me a Story with Belle	director	Steve Purcell
Black Caesar (film)	director	Larry Cohen
Cast a Dark Shadow	director	Lewis Gilbert
Spymate	director	Robert Vince
12 and Holding	director	Michael Cuesta
Nancy Drew (2007 film)	director	Andrew Fleming
R.O.T.O.R.	director	Cullen Blaine
Roving Mars	director	George Butler (filmmaker)
Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins	director	Tad Stones
Pete's Meteor	director	Joe O'Byrne
Hell Up in Harlem	director	Larry Cohen
The Majorettes	director	Bill Hinzman
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz (1910 film)	director	Otis Turner
The One Where They Build a House	director	Patty Jenkins
The Light at the Edge of the World	director	Kevin Billington
Life with Mikey	director	James Lapine
The White Countess	director	James Ivory (director)
The Girl from Petrovka	director	Robert Ellis Miller
$ (film)	director	Richard Brooks
The Duchess and the Dirtwater Fox	director	Melvin Frank
Lovers and Liars	director	Mario Monicelli
Wildcats (film)	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Deceived	director	Damian Harris
Bird on a Wire (film)	director	John Badham
CrissCross	director	Chris Menges
Protocol (film)	director	Herbert Ross
As You Like It (1936 film)	director	Paul Czinner
Hercules and the Lost Kingdom	director	Harley Cokeliss
Fumoon	director	Osamu Tezuka
Vileness Fats	director	The Residents
Vileness Fats	director	Graeme Whifler
His Big White Self	director	Nick Broomfield
There's Only One Jimmy Grimble	director	John Hay (director)
D.C. Follies	director	Rick Locke
Bloodbath at the House of Death	director	Thomas Cameron McIntyre
Dragon Hunters	director	Norman LeBlanc
Gregory's Two Girls	director	Bill Forsyth
Visiting Ours	director	Greg Mottola
North Shore (film)	director	William Phelps
The Condemned	director	Scott Wiper
Massacre at Central High	director	Rene Daalder
The Ice Pirates	director	Stewart Raffill
Charity Drive	director	Greg Mottola
10,000 BC (film)	director	Roland Emmerich
Elvira's Haunted Hills	director	Sam Irvin
Lock-Up (TV series)	director	Otto Lang (film producer)
Thevar Magan	director	Bharathan
ID (film)	director	Phil Davis (actor)
The Headsman	director	Simon Aeby
Evil Aliens	director	Jake West
Cutter's Way	director	Ivan Passer
The Devil Thumbs a Ride	director	Felix E. Feist
My Giant	director	Michael Lehmann
Hana and Alice	director	Shunji Iwai
The Work and the Story	director	Nathan Smith Jones
I Was a Teenage Frankenstein	director	Herbert L. Strock
In God We Trust (Arrested Development)	director	Russo brothers
The Visit (2000 film)	director	Jordan Walker-Pearlman
The Visit (1964 film)	director	Bernhard Wicki
Frostbiter: Wrath of the Wendigo	director	Tom Chaney
Wavelength (1967 film)	director	Michael Snow
In Hell	director	Ringo Lam
The Mechanik	director	Dolph Lundgren
The Immaculate Election	director	Russo brothers
How the West Was Won (TV series)	director	Bernard McEveety
How the West Was Won (TV series)	director	Irving J. Moore
The Ocean Walker	director	Paul Feig
¡Amigos!	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
Lucky Number Slevin	director	Paul McGuigan (filmmaker)
Narcosatánicos Asesinos	director	Adolfo Martinez Solares
Night Crossing	director	Delbert Mann
I Saw What You Did	director	William Castle
Berserk!	director	Jim O'Connolly
Breast Men	director	Lawrence O'Neil (film)
Family Ties (Arrested Development)	director	Robert Berlinger
The Battle of Shaker Heights	director	Efram Potelle
The Battle of Shaker Heights	director	Kyle Rankin
Neil Young: Silver and Gold	director	Larry Johnson (film producer)
Tetsuo II: Body Hammer	director	Shinya Tsukamoto
Rabbit's Moon	director	Kenneth Anger
Vinyl (1965 film)	director	Andy Warhol
Hell Is a City	director	Val Guest
A Bullet for the General	director	Damiano Damiani
Mr. Smith (TV series)	director	Stan Daniels
Mr. Smith (TV series)	director	Ed. Weinberger
Wholly Moses!	director	Gary Weis
Legend of the Eight Samurai	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Bakersfield P.D.	director	Michael Engler
Bakersfield P.D.	director	Bryan Gordon
Friendship's Field	director	Bruce Neibaur
Shipwrecked (1990 film)	director	Nils Gaup
Duel (2004 film)	director	Ahmad Reza Darvish
Balto II: Wolf Quest	director	Phil Weinstein
Everybody Says Don't (season two episode)	director	Tom Cherones
Ishq Vishk	director	Ken Ghosh
Dixiana (film)	director	Luther Reed
Palooka (film)	director	Benjamin Stoloff
Glorifying the American Girl	director	Millard Webb
Motherboy XXX	director	Russo brothers
The Land Before Time X: The Great Longneck Migration	director	Charles Grosvenor
Ladyboys (film)	director	Jeremy Marre
Young Lions (TV series)	director	Jessica Hobbs
Young Lions (TV series)	director	Ian Barry
Free For All (The Prisoner)	director	Patrick McGoohan
My Mother, the Car	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
Fido (film)	director	Andrew Currie
Scooby-Doo Meets the Boo Brothers	director	Carl Urbano
Dancers (film)	director	Herbert Ross
Pavee Lackeen (film)	director	Perry Ogden
Antarmahal	director	Rituparno Ghosh
Perdita Durango	director	Álex de la Iglesia
Robotech (TV series)	director	Robert V. Barron
Ordinary Magic	director	Giles Walker
The Secret (2006 film)	director	Drew Heriot
The Girl Who Was Death	director	David Tomblin
405 (film)	director	Bruce Branit
Los Enchiladas!	director	Mitch Hedberg
Don't Look at Me	director	David Grossman (director)
Dear Brigitte	director	Henry Koster
Storming the Castle	director	Greg Mottola
Dorian Blues	director	Tennyson Bardwell
Prison Break-In	director	Robert Berlinger
Devdas (1955 film)	director	Bimal Roy
Devdas (1935 film)	director	Pramathesh Barua
The Starfighters	director	Will Zens
The Second Arrival	director	Kevin S. Tenney
The Arrival (film)	director	David Twohy
The Wild Stallion	director	Craig Clyde
Elstree Calling	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Elstree Calling	director	André Charlot
Elstree Calling	director	Jack Hulbert
Husbands (film)	director	John Cassavetes
The Handmaid's Tale (film)	director	Volker Schlöndorff
Hairspray (2007 film)	director	Adam Shankman
Sherlock: Case of Evil	director	Graham Theakston
The Naked Truth (TV series)	director	Robby Benson
The Naked Truth (TV series)	director	Peter Bonerz
The Naked Truth (TV series)	director	Matthew Diamond
The Naked Truth (TV series)	director	Michael Lessac
The Naked Truth (TV series)	director	Gail Mancuso
The Naked Truth (TV series)	director	Rob Schiller
Go Tell the Spartans	director	Ted Post
The Forbidden City	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
Kidulthood	director	Menhaj Huda
I Am David (film)	director	Paul Feig
Baxter (film)	director	Jérôme Boivin
Echoes of Innocence	director	Nathan Todd Sims
Probability (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
Living & Dying	director	Jon Keeyes
Sword of Destiny	director	Peter Lauer
3:10 to Yuma (2007 film)	director	James Mangold
The Planets (TV miniseries)	director	David McNab (director)
Things Change	director	David Mamet
Cybermutt	director	George T. Miller
Avatar (2009 film)	director	James Cameron
Cute Poison (Prison Break)	director	Matt Earl Beesley
Pilot (Prison Break)	director	Brett Ratner
The Dark Knight (film)	director	Christopher Nolan
Public Relations (Arrested Development)	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
Darktown Revue	director	Oscar Micheaux
Chamatkar	director	Rajiv Mehra
A Kid from Tibet	director	Yuen Biao
A Kid from Tibet	director	Lau Chau Sang
Home of the Giants	director	Rusty Gorman
Dil Aashna Hai	director	Hema Malini
Brotherhood of Blood	director	Michael Roesch
Brotherhood of Blood	director	Peter Scheerer
Die Screaming, Marianne	director	Pete Walker (director)
Deep Throats	director	Greg Colton
The Day the Earth Caught Fire	director	Val Guest
Baby: Secret of the Lost Legend	director	Bill L. Norton
Zamaana Deewana	director	Ramesh Sippy
Satan's Little Helper	director	Jeff Lieberman
Righteous Brothers (Arrested Development)	director	Chuck Martin (writer)
Pier Pressure	director	Russo brothers
Repli-Kate	director	Frank Longo
The Badge	director	Robby Henson
Tommy Tricker and the Stamp Traveller	director	Michael Rubbo
Terror Squad (film)	director	Peter Maris
Blood Thirst	director	Newt Arnold
Marta Complex	director	Russo brothers
Mantrap (1983 film)	director	Julien Temple
Armaan (2003 film)	director	Honey Irani
Sleepwalkers (film)	director	Mick Garris
The One with the Rumor	director	Gary Halvorson
Frankenstein and the Monster from Hell	director	Terence Fisher
The Firm (TV series)	director	Ng Ping Ho
Shock and Aww	director	Russo brothers
The New Barbarians (1983 film)	director	Enzo G. Castellari
Bicentennial Man (film)	director	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
Lisbon Story (1994 film)	director	Wim Wenders
Afternoon Delight (Arrested Development)	director	Jason Bateman
The Flower of My Secret	director	Pedro Almodóvar
Beef Consommé	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
Take Your Daughter to Work Day (The Office)	director	Victor Nelli, Jr.
The Letter (2004 film)	director	Pa-oon Chantarasiri
Return to Oz (TV program)	director	F. R. Crawley
Return to Oz (TV program)	director	Thomas Glynn
Return to Oz (TV program)	director	Larry Roemer
Whole (film)	director	Melody Gilbert
Mother Küsters' Trip to Heaven	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Six Ways to Sunday	director	Adam Bernstein
The Apology (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
Hollow Man 2	director	Claudio Fäh
Earth (1930 film)	director	Alexander Dovzhenko
How to Beat the High Co$t of Living	director	Robert Scheerer
The Believers	director	John Schlesinger
The Queen of Spades (1916 film)	director	Yakov Protazanov
Katze im Sack	director	Florian Schwarz
Knocked Up	director	Judd Apatow
Murun Buchstansangur	director	Timothy Forder
The Last One (Friends)	director	Kevin Bright
Madhouse (2004 film)	director	William Butler (actor)
The Man Who Fell to Earth (film)	director	Nicolas Roeg
Captive Women	director	Stuart Gilmore
The Aphrodite Inheritance	director	Terence Williams
The Aphrodite Inheritance	director	Viktors Ritelis
Yaaba	director	Idrissa Ouedraogo
Hidden Agenda (1990 film)	director	Ken Loach
Passed Away	director	Charlie Peters
Paradise Road (1997 film)	director	Bruce Beresford
Friends with Money	director	Nicole Holofcener
Slayers Premium	director	Junichi Sato
Unaired Buffy the Vampire Slayer pilot	director	Joss Whedon
The Hero: Love Story of a Spy	director	Anil Sharma
The Rat Pack (film)	director	Rob Cohen
The Formula (2002 film)	director	Chris Hanel
The Formula (2002 film)	director	Stephen Phelan
Shooting Dogs	director	Michael Caton-Jones
City on Fire (1979 film)	director	Alvin Rakoff
Superman and the Mole Men	director	Lee Sholem
Dedication (film)	director	Justin Theroux
Art School Confidential (film)	director	Terry Zwigoff
Global Heresy	director	Sidney J. Furie
Scorched (film)	director	Gavin Grazer
Pure (2002 film)	director	Gillies MacKinnon
Ghosts… of the Civil Dead	director	John Hillcoat
Dead Meat	director	Conor McMahon
36 Chowringhee Lane	director	Aparna Sen
Devil in a Blue Dress (film)	director	Carl Franklin
My Best Friend Is a Vampire	director	Jimmy Huston
The Public Eye (film)	director	Howard Franklin
Elephants Dream	director	Bassam Kurdali
The Road to Guantanamo	director	Michael Winterbottom
Maelstrom (TV series)	director	David Maloney
White Whales (film)	director	Friðrik Þór Friðriksson
Rhapsody in Blue (film)	director	Irving Rapper
The Curse of the Mummy's Tomb	director	Michael Carreras
Duplicate (1998 film)	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Swing Shift Cinderella	director	Tex Avery
Pilot (Arrested Development)	director	Russo brothers
Final Analysis	director	Phil Joanou
Smiley (film)	director	Anthony Kimmins
The Three Musketeers (1973 film)	director	Richard Lester
Winner (film)	director	Sundar C.
The Kill-Off	director	Maggie Greenwald
Truth or Consequences, N.M. (film)	director	Kiefer Sutherland
Muthu (film)	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Invisible Waves	director	Pen-Ek Ratanaruang
The Lucy–Desi Comedy Hour	director	Jerry Thorpe
The Lucy–Desi Comedy Hour	director	Desi Arnaz
Leadbelly (film)	director	Gordon Parks
Sounds and Silences	director	Richard Donner
Slayers Gorgeous	director	Hiroshi Watanabe (animator)
Afghan Massacre: The Convoy of Death	director	Jamie Doran
Rope of Sand	director	William Dieterle
The Adventures of Prince Achmed	director	Lotte Reiniger
Those Who Make Tomorrow	director	Akira Kurosawa
Those Who Make Tomorrow	director	Hideo Sekigawa
Those Who Make Tomorrow	director	Kajirō Yamamoto
Notapusy	director	Lev L. Spiro
What Is… Cliff Clavin?	director	Andy Ackerman
Dr. Otto and the Riddle of the Gloom Beam	director	John R. Cherry III
Chaos (2001 film)	director	Coline Serreau
Beerfest	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
Desert Blue	director	Morgan J. Freeman
Down House (film)	director	Roman Romanovich Kachanov
Dead of Winter	director	Arthur Penn
Baby Burlesks	director	Charles Lamont
Baby Burlesks	director	Ray Nazarro
Cactuses	director	Matt Hannon
Cactuses	director	Rick Rapoza
Safe Men	director	John Hamburg
Happy Endings (film)	director	Don Roos
Waterloo Bridge (1931 film)	director	James Whale
Immoral Tales (film)	director	Walerian Borowczyk
Safe House (1998 film)	director	Eric Steven Stahl
Make Way for Tomorrow	director	Leo McCarey
I'll Always Know What You Did Last Summer	director	Sylvain White
The Journals of Knud Rasmussen	director	Zacharias Kunuk
The Journals of Knud Rasmussen	director	Norman Cohn (film producer)
A Bucket of Blood	director	Roger Corman
No Bull	director	David Mallet (director)
Abbott and Costello Meet Captain Kidd	director	Charles Lamont
The Bride (film)	director	Franc Roddam
For British Eyes Only	director	John Fortenberry
The Adventures of Sebastian Cole	director	Kip Williams
The Jacket (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
Hell Is for Heroes (film)	director	Don Siegel
I Spy (film)	director	Betty Thomas
Countdown (1968 film)	director	Robert Altman
The People of Angkor	director	Rithy Panh
Princess Tam Tam	director	Edmond T. Gréville
Down to Earth (1947 film)	director	Alexander Hall
Tonight and Every Night	director	Victor Saville
My Gal Sal	director	Irving Cummings
The Strawberry Blonde	director	Raoul Walsh
The Loves of Carmen	director	Charles Vidor
Sátántangó	director	Béla Tarr
Ik Omhels Je Met 1000 Armen	director	Willem van de Sande Bakhuyzen
The Dying Gaul (film)	director	Craig Lucas
Rajaraja Cholan	director	A. P. Nagarajan
Red Cockroaches	director	Miguel Coyula
Flaming Creatures	director	Jack Smith (film director)
Lookin' to Get Out	director	Hal Ashby
Cyborg 2	director	Michael Schroeder (director)
The Favor	director	Donald Petrie
Across the Tracks	director	Sandy Tung
Cutting Class	director	Rospo Pallenberg
Pulse (1988 film)	director	Paul Golding
The Blood Oranges	director	Philip Haas
To Sleep with Anger	director	Charles Burnett (director)
House of the Long Shadows	director	Pete Walker (director)
Stepfather II	director	Jeff Burr
Bloody Birthday	director	Ed Hunt
The Funhouse	director	Tobe Hooper
Time Lock	director	Gerald Thomas
Scummy Man	director	Paul Fraser
Mr. Monk Goes to the Theater	director	Ron Underwood
Ready, Aim, Marry Me	director	Paul Feig
Caltiki – The Immortal Monster	director	Riccardo Freda
Hum Log (TV series)	director	P. Kumar Vasudev
Down and Derby	director	Eric Hendershot
The Grapes of Wrath (film)	director	John Ford
Wizards and Warriors (TV series)	director	Bill Bixby
Wizards and Warriors (TV series)	director	Richard A. Colla
Action of the Tiger	director	Terence Young (director)
Aaron Slick from Punkin Crick	director	Claude Binyon
On All Floors	director	Geoff Evans
Matchstick Men	director	Ridley Scott
Gallipoli (2005 film)	director	Tolga Örnek
Ice Castles	director	Donald Wrye
Changes (1969 film)	director	Hall Bartlett
No Entry	director	Anees Bazmee
Rancho Notorious	director	Fritz Lang
La Séparation	director	Christian Vincent (director)
Blade (film series)	director	Stephen Norrington
Blade (film series)	director	Guillermo del Toro
Blade (film series)	director	David S. Goyer
Keep Not Silent	director	Ilil Alexander
The Fox and the Hound 2	director	Jim Kammerud
Spice World (film)	director	Bob Spiers
Monster Night	director	Leslie Allen
Monster Night	director	Lorenzo Doumani
The Nugget	director	Bill Bennett (director)
Nuts (film)	director	Martin Ritt
Defiance (1980 film)	director	John Flynn (director)
Mallboy	director	Vincent Giarrusso
American Me	director	Edward James Olmos
Back Roads (film)	director	Martin Ritt
Rusted Pieces	director	Robert Longo
Parasite (film)	director	Charles Band
Exit Strategy (Arrested Development)	director	Rebecca E. Asher
A Million to Juan	director	Paul Rodriguez
Tabula Rasa (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Pilot (Lost)	director	J. J. Abrams
Walkabout (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
White Rabbit (Lost)	director	Kevin Hooks
House of the Rising Sun (Lost)	director	Michael Zinberg
The Moth (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Confidence Man (Lost)	director	Tucker Gates
Solitary (Lost)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Raised by Another	director	Marita Grabiak
All the Best Cowboys Have Daddy Issues	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Whatever the Case May Be	director	Jack Bender
Hearts and Minds (Lost)	director	Rod Holcomb
Special (Lost)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Homecoming (Lost)	director	Kevin Hooks
Outlaws (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
...In Translation	director	Tucker Gates
Numbers (Lost)	director	Dan Attias
Deus Ex Machina (Lost)	director	Robert Mandel
The Greater Good (Lost)	director	David Grossman (director)
Born to Run (Lost)	director	Tucker Gates
Exodus (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Man of Science, Man of Faith	director	Jack Bender
Adrift (Lost)	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Orientation (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Everybody Hates Hugo	director	Alan Taylor (director)
...And Found	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Abandoned (Lost)	director	Adam Davidson (director)
The Other 48 Days	director	Eric Laneuville
Collision (Lost)	director	Stephen Williams (director)
What Kate Did	director	Paul A. Edwards
The 23rd Psalm	director	Matt Earl Beesley
The Hunting Party (Lost)	director	Stephen Williams (director)
The Long Con	director	Roxann Dawson
One of Them	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Maternity Leave (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Changing Times (film)	director	André Téchiné
Sextette	director	Ken Hughes
Private (film)	director	Saverio Costanzo
Making a Stand	director	Peter Lauer
55 Degrees North	director	Susan Tully
Spender	director	Mary McMurray
Spender	director	Roger Bamford
Nico and Dani	director	Cesc Gay
Black Dawn (film)	director	Alexander Gruszynski
House (1986 film)	director	Steve Miner
Imperium: Augustus	director	Roger Young (director)
The Cheever Letters	director	Tom Cherones
The Voyager	director	Volker Schlöndorff
Nero (film)	director	Paul Marcus
Murder on a Sunday Morning	director	Jean-Xavier de Lestrade
Forever Charmed	director	James L. Conway
Miles from Home	director	Gary Sinise
God of War II	director	Cory Barlog
God of War II	director	David Jaffe
Familywala	director	Neeraj Vora
Alag	director	Ashu Trikha
Summer in Bethlehem	director	Sibi Malayil
Children Shouldn't Play with Dead Things	director	Bob Clark
Shoot to Kill (1988 film)	director	Roger Spottiswoode
The Young Americans (film)	director	Danny Cannon
Lockdown (Lost)	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Blood on Satan's Claw	director	Piers Haggard
Hood of the Living Dead	director	Eduardo Quiroz
Hood of the Living Dead	director	Jose Quiroz
Hurricane Smith (1992 film)	director	Colin Budds
The Black Godfather	director	John Evans
ATL (film)	director	Chris Robinson (director)
The Gypsy Moths	director	John Frankenheimer
Absolut Warhola	director	Stanislaw Mucha
Madison (film)	director	William Bindley
Anand Math	director	Hemen Gupta
Revenge of the Ninja	director	Sam Firstenberg
The Crew (TV series)	director	Amanda Bearse
The Crew (TV series)	director	Linda Day
The Crew (TV series)	director	James Widdoes
The Crew (TV series)	director	Steve Zuckerman
Development Arrested	director	John Fortenberry
Drugstore Girl	director	Katsuhide Motoki
Saved by the Bell: The College Years	director	Miguel Higuera
Saved by the Bell: The College Years	director	Jeff Melman
Romance on Lushan Mountain	director	Huang Zumu
Muscle Beach Party	director	William Asher
Bratz Genie Magic	director	Mucci Fassett
City of the Living Dead	director	Lucio Fulci
Charlotte Sometimes (film)	director	Eric Byler
Tarzan's Greatest Adventure	director	John Guillermin
The Ghost in the Invisible Bikini	director	Don Weis
Dragon Lord	director	Jackie Chan
The Master Mind	director	Oscar Apfel
The Master Mind	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Island of Fire	director	Chu Yen-ping
Death of a Dynasty	director	Damon Dash
Komodo (film)	director	Michael Lantieri
War Party (film)	director	Franc Roddam
Deal of the Century	director	William Friedkin
World War III (film)	director	Robert Stone (filmmaker)
The Making of Mr. Buechner's Dream	director	Tim Chandler
The Making of Mr. Buechner's Dream	director	Tom Gulotta
The Making of Mr. Buechner's Dream	director	Dennis Grimaud
The Making of Mr. Buechner's Dream	director	Eric Townsend
The Making of Mr. Buechner's Dream	director	Jason Townsend
Frederic Remington: The Truth of Other Days	director	Tom Neff
Kebab Connection	director	Anno Saul
Karuththamma	director	P. Bharathiraja
Gamera: Guardian of the Universe	director	Shusuke Kaneko
Gamera 2: Attack of Legion	director	Shusuke Kaneko
Beatrice Wood: Mama of Dada	director	Tom Neff
Thomas Jefferson (film)	director	Ken Burns
Across the Universe (film)	director	Julie Taymor
Odd Jobs	director	Mark Story
Union Pacific (film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Young Man's Fancy (The Twilight Zone)	director	John Brahm
Cavender is Coming	director	Christian Nyby
In His Image	director	Perry Lafferty
The Thirty-Fathom Grave	director	Perry Lafferty
Valley of the Shadow	director	Perry Lafferty
Smiley Face (film)	director	Gregg Araki
Mute (The Twilight Zone)	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Jess-Belle	director	Buzz Kulik
No Time Like the Past	director	Jus Addiss
The New Exhibit	director	John Brahm
The Incredible World of Horace Ford	director	Abner Biberman
Passage on the Lady Anne	director	Lamont Johnson
You Drive	director	John Brahm
The Long Morrow	director	Robert Florey
Black Leather Jackets	director	Joseph M. Newman
From Agnes—With Love	director	Richard Donner
Spur of the Moment	director	Elliot Silverstein
Queen of the Nile (The Twilight Zone)	director	John Brahm
Stopover in a Quiet Town	director	Ron Winston
The Encounter	director	Robert Butler (director)
Mr. Garrity and the Graves	director	Ted Post
Come Wander With Me	director	Richard Donner
The Fear (The Twilight Zone)	director	Ted Post
Fatal Fury: Legend of the Hungry Wolf	director	Hiroshi Fukutomi
Collision Course (film)	director	Lewis Teague
The Wrong Guy	director	David Steinberg
Pirates of Blood River	director	John Gilling
Clockers (film)	director	Spike Lee
The Spanish Main	director	Frank Borzage
The Great Impostor	director	Robert Mulligan
Hush Hush Baby	director	Albert ter Heerdt
Fortune Dane	director	Charles Correll
Bait (film)	director	Antoine Fuqua
The Little Vampire	director	Uli Edel
The General (The Prisoner)	director	Peter Graham Scott
Dance of the Dead (The Prisoner)	director	Don Chaffey
Checkmate (The Prisoner)	director	Don Chaffey
I Walk Alone	director	Byron Haskin
It's Your Funeral	director	Robert Asher
A Change of Mind	director	Patrick McGoohan
Do Not Forsake Me Oh My Darling	director	Pat Jackson
Uniform Behavior	director	Timothy Björklund
It Wasn't Meant to Happen	director	Larry Shaw (director)
I Know Things Now	director	Wendey Stanzler
Leftenan Adnan	director	Aziz M. Osman
Ma vie en cinémascope	director	Denise Filiatrault
God Grew Tired of Us	director	Christopher Dillon Quinn
Fatal Fury 2: The New Battle	director	Kazuhiro Furuhashi
Renaissance (film)	director	Christian Volckman
Quinceañera (film)	director	Richard Glatzer
Quinceañera (film)	director	Wash West
The House of Sand	director	Andrucha Waddington
Generation X (film)	director	Jack Sholder
S.O.B.s	director	Robert Berlinger
Namkeen	director	Gulzar
Kuruthipunal	director	P. C. Sreeram
America's Music: The Roots of Country	director	Tom Neff
The Nanny Diaries (film)	director	Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini
The Nanny Diaries (film)	director	Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini
Gate of Hell (film)	director	Teinosuke Kinugasa
Man of Iron	director	Andrzej Wajda
O Pagador de Promessas	director	Anselmo Duarte
Lick the Star	director	Sofia Coppola
The House of Quark	director	Les Landau
Salomé (1918 film)	director	J. Gordon Edwards
Mr. F	director	Arlene Sanford
Sunshine (1999 film)	director	István Szabó
Beneath the Valley of the Ultra-Vixens	director	Russ Meyer
Party Girl (1958 film)	director	Nicholas Ray
Little Secrets	director	Blair Treu
Kart Racer	director	Stuart Gillard
The Night of Taneyamagahara	director	Kazuo Oga
Final Destination (film series)	director	James Wong (producer)
Final Destination (film series)	director	Final Destination 3
Final Destination (film series)	director	David R. Ellis
Final Destination (film series)	director	The Final Destination
Final Destination (film series)	director	Final Destination 5
Morning of the Earth	director	Alby Falzon
Morning of the Earth	director	David Elfick
Het Woeden der Gehele Wereld (film)	director	Guido Pieters
Rally 'Round the Flag, Boys!	director	Leo McCarey
The Queen of Sheba (film)	director	J. Gordon Edwards
Eddie's Million Dollar Cook-Off	director	Paul Hoen
The Betsy	director	Daniel Petrie
Contra viento y marea	director	Beatriz Sheridan
Contra viento y marea	director	Victor Rodriguez
Contra viento y marea	director	Marta Luna
Three Sisters (1970 film)	director	Laurence Olivier
Three Sisters (1970 film)	director	John Sichel
Bad Dreams (film)	director	Andrew Fleming
Andre (film)	director	George Miller (filmmaker)
Sad Sack (Arrested Development)	director	Peter Lauer
Loafing and Camouflage: Sirens in the Aegean	director	Nikos Perakis
Motorama (film)	director	Barry Shils
Earthbound (Space: 1999)	director	Charles Crichton
Another Time, Another Place (Space: 1999)	director	David Tomblin
Collision Course (Space: 1999)	director	Ray Austin
The Full Circle	director	Bob Kellett
War Games (Space: 1999)	director	Charles Crichton
The Troubled Spirit	director	Ray Austin
Mission of the Darians	director	Ray Austin
Truth or Dare: 6th Floor Rear Flat	director	Wong Chun-chun
The Green Ray (film)	director	Éric Rohmer
The Testament of Arkadia	director	David Tomblin
Son of Geronimo	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Equinox (film)	director	Dennis Muren
Fakin' It (Arrested Development)	director	Lev L. Spiro
Finder of Lost Loves	director	Bruce Bilson
Finder of Lost Loves	director	Cliff Bole
Finder of Lost Loves	director	Don Chaffey
Finder of Lost Loves	director	Alf Kjellin
Finder of Lost Loves	director	Philip Leacock
Finder of Lost Loves	director	Kim Manners
Finder of Lost Loves	director	Bob Sweeney (director)
Vacation in Reno	director	Leslie Goodwins
Regarding Henry	director	Mike Nichols
The Long Wait	director	Victor Saville
Saigon Love Story	director	Ringo Le
CatDog: The Great Parent Mystery	director	Peter Hannan (producer)
Hondo (film)	director	John Farrow
Anguish (film)	director	Bigas Luna
The Knack ...and How to Get It	director	Richard Lester
The Son's Room	director	Nanni Moretti
The Best Intentions	director	Bille August
Eternity and a Day	director	Theodoros Angelopoulos
Under the Sun of Satan	director	Maurice Pialat
Gus (film)	director	Vincent McEveety
Butterfly on a Wheel	director	Mike Barker (film director)
Take the Lead	director	Liz Friedlander
The Son of Monte Cristo	director	Rowland V. Lee
Cyrano de Bergerac (1950 film)	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
Daibyonin	director	Jūzō Itami
Twin Sisters (2002 film)	director	Ben Sombogaart
Fallen Hero	director	Patrick Norris
Members Only (The Sopranos)	director	Tim Van Patten
Gadjo dilo	director	Tony Gatlif
Destiny's Child: Live in Atlanta	director	Destiny's Child
Bathory (2008 film)	director	Juraj Jakubisko
Highlander (film)	director	Russell Mulcahy
Highlander II: The Quickening	director	Russell Mulcahy
Highlander: The Source	director	Brett Leonard
Dance of Death (film)	director	David Giles (director)
The Sopranos (episode)	director	David Chase
Parting Glances	director	Bill Sherwood
Hon Truong Ba Da Hang Thit	director	Quang Dung Nguyen
Fatty Finn	director	Maurice Murphy (director)
A Place to Be Loved	director	Sandy Smolan
Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium	director	Zach Helm
The Adventures of Super Mario Bros. 3	director	John Grusd
Cover Up (TV series)	director	Walter Grauman
Cover Up (TV series)	director	John D. Hancock
Cover Up (TV series)	director	Jeffrey Hayden
Cover Up (TV series)	director	Sidney Hayers
Cover Up (TV series)	director	Bernard McEveety
Cover Up (TV series)	director	Arthur Allan Seidelman
Cover Up (TV series)	director	Mike Vejar
Cover Up (TV series)	director	Don Weis
Jonah: A VeggieTales Movie	director	Phil Vischer
Jonah: A VeggieTales Movie	director	Mike Nawrocki
Forget-Me-Now	director	John Amodeo
It Takes Two (1995 film)	director	Andy Tennant
Paradise (1991 film)	director	Mary Agnes Donoghue
Warriors of Virtue	director	Ronny Yu
Eating Out	director	Q. Allan Brocka
Tales of the Wizard of Oz	director	Harry Kerwin
Perchance to Dream (Batman: The Animated Series)	director	Boyd Kirkland
33 (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Rymer
Defiant (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Cliff Bole
Kitchen Party (film)	director	Gary Burns (director)
Water (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Marita Grabiak
Bastille Day (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Allan Kroeker
Act of Contrition (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Rod Hardy
You Can't Go Home Again (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Sergio Mimica-Gezzan
Litmus (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Rod Hardy
Six Degrees of Separation (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Robert M. Young (film director)
Flesh and Bone (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Brad Turner (director)
Tigh Me Up, Tigh Me Down	director	Edward James Olmos
The Hand of God (2004 Battlestar Galactica)	director	Jeff Woolnough
Kobol's Last Gleaming	director	Michael Rymer
Scattered (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Rymer
Valley of Darkness	director	Michael Rymer
Fragged (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Sergio Mimica-Gezzan
Resistance (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Allan Kroeker
The Farm (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Rod Hardy
Home (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Sergio Mimica-Gezzan
Home (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Jeff Woolnough
Heart of Ice (Batman: The Animated Series episode)	director	Bruce Timm
Final Cut (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Robert M. Young (film director)
Flight of the Phoenix (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Nankin
Pegasus (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Rymer
A Safe Place	director	Henry Jaglom
Resurrection Ship	director	Michael Rymer
Epiphanies (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Rod Hardy
Kamen Rider J	director	Keita Amemiya
Black Market (Battlestar Galactica)	director	James Head
Scar (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Nankin
Sacrifice (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Rey Villalobos
The Captain's Hand	director	Sergio Mimica-Gezzan
Downloaded (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Jeff Woolnough
Lay Down Your Burdens	director	Michael Rymer
Almost Got 'Im	director	Eric Radomski
Stag Night	director	Peter A. Dowling
All Night	director	Paul Powell (director)
A Problem with Fear	director	Gary Burns (director)
The Hillz	director	Saran Barnun
Happenstance (film)	director	Laurent Firode
Whatever It Takes (film)	director	David Raynr
From Hell (film)	director	Hughes brothers
Roswell Conspiracies: Aliens, Myths and Legends	director	Brad Rader
Roswell Conspiracies: Aliens, Myths and Legends	director	Joe Pearson
The Woman Next Door	director	François Truffaut
Blood Diamond (film)	director	Edward Zwick
Begotten	director	E. Elias Merhige
Kokoda (film)	director	Alister Grierson
491 (film)	director	Vilgot Sjöman
Let's Get Lost (film)	director	Bruce Weber (photographer)
Born on the Fourth of July (film)	director	Oliver Stone
The Perfect Human	director	Jørgen Leth
Trial and Error (1997 film)	director	Jonathan Lynn
Scooby-Doo and the Ghoul School	director	Charles August Nichols
Join the Club	director	David Nutter
Trespass (film)	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Hey, Hey, It's Esther Blueburger	director	Cathy Randall
Could I Leave You?	director	Pam Thomas
Welcome to L.A.	director	Alan Rudolph
The Return of Chef	director	Trey Parker
Working (TV series)	director	Robert Berlinger
Working (TV series)	director	Linda Day
Working (TV series)	director	David Owen Trainor
Working (TV series)	director	Fred Savage
Working (TV series)	director	Andrew Tsao
Working (TV series)	director	James Widdoes
Working (TV series)	director	Steve Zuckerman
Beshkempir (film)	director	Aktan Abdykalykov
The Leopard (film)	director	Luchino Visconti
Zombie Genocide	director	Darryl Sloan
Zombie Genocide	director	Khris Carville
Season of the Witch (1972 film)	director	George A. Romero
Mr. Jones (film)	director	Mike Figgis
Attilas '74	director	Michael Cacoyannis
Lista de Espera	director	Juan Carlos Tabío
Habana Blues	director	Benito Zambrano
The Saddest Music in the World	director	Guy Maddin
Jesus (1999 film)	director	Roger Young (director)
Marebito (film)	director	Takashi Shimizu
The Doctors (1969 TV series)	director	Michael E. Briant
The First Lady (TV series)	director	David Sullivan Proudfoot
The First Lady (TV series)	director	Brian Parker
The Ambassador (TV series)	director	Sydney Macartney
The One Where Estelle Dies	director	Gary Halvorson
James' Journey to Jerusalem	director	Ra'anan Alexandrowicz
Solid Geometry (film)	director	Denis Lawson
Versatile Toppings	director	Sarah Pia Anderson
N Is a Number: A Portrait of Paul Erdős	director	George Paul Csicsery
The End of St. Petersburg	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
The End of St. Petersburg	director	Mikhail Doller
Mother (1996 film)	director	Albert Brooks
Mother (1926 film)	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
Mickey, Donald, Goofy: The Three Musketeers	director	Donovan Cook
Camille (1921 film)	director	Ray C. Smallwood
All Due Respect (The Sopranos)	director	John Patterson (director)
Images (film)	director	Robert Altman
El padrecito	director	Miguel M. Delgado
The Torkelsons	director	Robert Berlinger
The Torkelsons	director	Bruce Bilson
The Torkelsons	director	Linda Day
The Torkelsons	director	Arlene Sanford
The Torkelsons	director	David Trainer
Greetings from Tucson	director	Mark Cendrowski
Greetings from Tucson	director	Dana De Vally Piazza
The Number 23	director	Joel Schumacher
Private Lessons (1981 film)	director	Alan Myerson
Hum Paanch (sitcom)	director	Kapil Kapoor
Image in the Sand	director	Les Landau
Two Tonys	director	Tim Van Patten
Species III	director	Brad Turner (director)
Straightheads	director	Dan Reed (director)
The Test Dream	director	Allen Coulter
Naked Yoga (film)	director	Paul Corsden
The Young Rajah	director	Phil Rosen
Lisztomania (film)	director	Ken Russell
Wonder Pets	director	Jennifer Oxley
C.O.P.S.	director	Kevin Altieri
The Godfather of Green Bay	director	Pete Schwaba
The Last of Sheila	director	Herbert Ross
Garbo Talks	director	Sidney Lumet
Larger than Life (film)	director	Howard Franklin
The Married Virgin	director	Joseph Maxwell
Police Academy 4: Citizens on Patrol	director	Jim Drake (director)
Pushpak	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
Peoples Action for Rural Awakening	director	The Reverend
Peoples Action for Rural Awakening	director	SDB
L'important c'est d'aimer	director	Andrzej Żuławski
Jaani Dushman: Ek Anokhi Kahani	director	Rajkumar Kohli
The Thorn Birds: The Missing Years	director	Kevin James Dobson
The River (TV series)	director	Susan Belbin
Holy Ghost People	director	Peter Adair
Mumford (film)	director	Lawrence Kasdan
Shocker (film)	director	Wes Craven
Jack-O	director	Steve Latshaw
David Gilmour Live 1984	director	Michael Hurll
Riots, Drills and the Devil (Prison Break)	director	Robert Mandel
Riots, Drills and the Devil (Prison Break)	director	Vern Gillum
How to Eat Fried Worms (film)	director	Bob Dolman
Cheaper by the Dozen (1950 film)	director	Walter Lang
Come and See	director	Elem Klimov
The New Adventures of Pippi Longstocking	director	Ken Annakin
Karate Kommandos	director	Charles Nichols
Karate Kommandos	director	John Kimball
Woman Wanted (2000 film)	director	Kiefer Sutherland
Woman Wanted (2000 film)	director	Alan Smithee
Michael's Birthday	director	Ken Whittingham
Twilight of the Ice Nymphs	director	Guy Maddin
The Hunchback of Notre Dame II	director	Bradley Raymond
El ministro y yo	director	Miguel M. Delgado
Kiss the Sky (film)	director	Roger Young (director)
Sinbad the Sailor (film)	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Wavelength (1983 film)	director	Mike Gray
The Calling (film)	director	Richard Caesar
Pine Barrens (The Sopranos)	director	Steve Buscemi
46 Long	director	Dan Attias
The Sidehackers	director	Gus Trikonis
Raiders of the Living Dead	director	Samuel M. Sherman
Raiders of the Living Dead	director	Brett Piper
The Aftermath (1982 film)	director	Steve Barkett
Basket Case 3: The Progeny	director	Frank Henenlotter
Let Sleeping Corpses Lie (film)	director	Jorge Grau
The Navigator (1924 film)	director	Buster Keaton
The Navigator (1924 film)	director	Donald Crisp
Way Down East	director	D. W. Griffith
All the King's Men (1949 film)	director	Robert Rossen
In Search of Janáček	director	Petr Kaňka
Munchies (film)	director	Tina Hirsch
Dave (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
S.O.S. (Lost)	director	Eric Laneuville
Paradise Lost (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Reza Badiyi
The Incredible Melting Man	director	William Sachs
Hunk (film)	director	Lawrence Bassoff
Miss Suwanna of Siam	director	Henry MacRae
Miss Suwanna of Siam	director	Robert Kerr (film director)
The Adventures of Scamper the Penguin	director	Kenji Yoshida
The Adventures of Scamper the Penguin	director	Gennady Sokolsky
Blue Steel (1990 film)	director	Kathryn Bigelow
Auton trilogy	director	Nicholas Briggs
Auton trilogy  Auton 2: Sentinel   1	director	Nicholas Briggs
I Am a Sex Addict	director	Caveh Zahedi
He Is Risen (The Sopranos)	director	Allen Coulter
Inspector Gadget 2	director	Alex Zamm
Akkada Ammayi Ikkada Abbayi	director	E. V. V. Satyanarayana
Gokulamlo Seetha	director	Muthyala Subbaiah
Farce of the Penguins	director	Bob Saget
Heart and Souls	director	Ron Underwood
Blackballed (film)	director	Brant Sersen
Straight Out of Brooklyn	director	Matty Rich
Benji the Hunted	director	Joe Camp
For the Love of Benji	director	Joe Camp
The Defender (2004 film)	director	Dolph Lundgren
Carry On Up the Jungle	director	Gerald Thomas
Samurai Johnny Frankenstein	director	Scott Shaw
Stories of Lost Souls	director	Mark Palansky
Stories of Lost Souls	director	Deborra-Lee Furness
Stories of Lost Souls	director	Andrew Upton
Stories of Lost Souls	director	Col Spector
Stories of Lost Souls	director	Toa Stappard
Stories of Lost Souls	director	William Garcia (director)
Stories of Lost Souls	director	Illeana Douglas
Stories of Lost Souls	director	Paul Holmes (producer)
Stormbreaker (film)	director	Geoffrey Sax
Zombie Nightmare	director	Jack Bravman
Extreme Prejudice (film)	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C. Solid State Society	director	Kenji Kamiyama
Long Term Parking	director	Tim Van Patten
Larry the Cable Guy: Health Inspector	director	Trent Cooper
Junkers Come Here	director	Junichi Sato
Herbie (film)	director	George Lucas
Herbie (film)	director	Paul Golding
Support Your Local Gunfighter	director	Burt Kennedy
Unidentified Black Males	director	Tim Van Patten
Shottas	director	Cess Silvera
Irregular Around the Margins	director	Allen Coulter
Guns and Roses -- Ik Junoon	director	Shaan Shahid
Larki Punjaban	director	Syed Noor
Salakhain	director	Shehzad Rafiq
Mujhe Chand Chahiye	director	Shaan Shahid
Marco Polo (The Sopranos)	director	John Patterson (director)
Nothing but Trouble (1991 film)	director	Dan Aykroyd
Cobra (1925 film)	director	Joseph Henabery
Songs from the Second Floor	director	Roy Andersson
Roja	director	Mani Ratnam
A League of Ordinary Gentlemen	director	Christopher Browne
A League of Ordinary Gentlemen	director	Alex Browne
Ayal Kadha Ezhuthukayanu	director	Kamal (director)
Atlantis High	director	Andrew Merrifield
Atlantis High	director	Raymond Thompson
Warship (TV series)	director	Michael E. Briant
Mob Story	director	Gabriel Markiw
Mob Story	director	Jancarlo Markiw
Strange Invaders	director	Michael Laughlin
Boys from the Bush	director	Shirley Barrett
Boys from the Bush	director	Robert Marchand
Mr. Ruggerio's Neighborhood	director	Allen Coulter
Cold Cuts (The Sopranos)	director	Mike Figgis
Don Juan (1926 film)	director	Alan Crosland
She's Out of Control	director	Stan Dragoti
Kika	director	Pedro Almodóvar
The Student Prince in Old Heidelberg	director	Ernst Lubitsch
In Camelot	director	Steve Buscemi
The Society of the Spectacle (film)	director	Guy Debord
Jhankaar Beats	director	Sujoy Ghosh
Fight for Life (film)	director	Elliot Silverstein
The Sins of the Children	director	Sam Wood
Sentimental Education (The Sopranos)	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Rock School (film)	director	Don Argott
Rat Pack (The Sopranos)	director	Alan Taylor (director)
We Are the Marines	director	Louis de Rochemont
Ebola Syndrome	director	Herman Yau
Los tres mosqueteros	director	Miguel M. Delgado
Divide and Conquer (newsreel)	director	Frank Capra
Divide and Conquer (newsreel)	director	Anatole Litvak
The Black Pimpernel	director	Ulf Hultberg
Walking and Talking	director	Nicole Holofcener
The Serpent's Kiss	director	Philippe Rousselot
14, rue de Galais	director	Jean Boisvert
14, rue de Galais	director	Georges Delanoë
14, rue de Galais	director	Denys Gagnon
Mayham (The Sopranos)	director	Jack Bender
The Fourth Arm (TV series)	director	Peter Duguid
The Fourth Arm (TV series)	director	Andrew Morgan (director)
Mooch Goes to Hollywood	director	Richard Erdman
Tarzan the Magnificent	director	Robert Day (director)
Tarzan Goes to India	director	John Guillermin
The Gunpowder Plot: Exploding The Legend	director	Mike Slee
Charlie Chan at Monte Carlo	director	Eugene Forde
Timequest (film)	director	Robert Dyke
California Split	director	Robert Altman
Staff Infection	director	John Fortenberry
Proshai, Livushka	director	Tim Van Patten
Meet Ricky Gervais	director	Ian Lorimer
Hard Candy (film)	director	David Slade
Night of the Demons 2	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
Thieves Like Us (film)	director	Robert Altman
Hearts of the World	director	D. W. Griffith
Buffalo Bill and the Indians, or Sitting Bull's History Lesson	director	Robert Altman
So NoTORIous	director	Chris Alberghini
So NoTORIous	director	Rusty Cundieff
So NoTORIous	director	Jim Fall
So NoTORIous	director	Peter Lauer
Inteha (1999 film)	director	Samina Peerzada
Shararat (film)	director	Samina Peerzada
The Dead Hate the Living!	director	Dave Parker (director)
The Dead Next Door	director	J.R. Bookwalter
Moosa Khan	director	Shaan Shahid
Deewane Tere Pyar Ke	director	Syed Noor
Dead & Breakfast	director	Matthew Leutwyler
Chor Machaye Shor (1996 film)	director	Syed Noor
Choorian	director	Syed Noor
Laaj	director	Rauf Khalid
Tere Pyar Mein	director	Hassan Askari
Khoey Ho Tum Kahan	director	Ajab Gul
Next Stop Wonderland	director	Brad Anderson (director)
Chronicle of the Years of Fire	director	Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina
The Caesars (TV series)	director	Chevron Cars Ltd
Cardiac Arrest (TV series)	director	David Hayman
Cardiac Arrest (TV series)	director	Sam Miller
Cardiac Arrest (TV series)	director	Peter Mullan
Baby Boom (film)	director	Charles Shyer
The Cops (TV series)	director	Harry Bradbeer
The Cops (TV series)	director	Alrick Riley
The Cops (TV series)	director	Kenny Glenaan
It Happened on Fifth Avenue	director	Roy Del Ruth
A Perfect Couple	director	Robert Altman
Health (film)	director	Robert Altman
Fool for Love (film)	director	Robert Altman
Progeny (film)	director	Brian Yuzna
The Legend of Tennessee Moltisanti	director	Tim Van Patten
5000 Miles	director	Michael Rozumalski
The Cabin Show	director	Paul Feig
Loveless in Los Angeles	director	Archie Gips
The Silence (1963 film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
Awesome; I Fuckin' Shot That!	director	Adam Yauch
All These Women	director	Ingmar Bergman
The Hand of God (1978 Battlestar Galactica)	director	Donald Bellisario
Business Is Business (film)	director	Paul Verhoeven
Keetje Tippel	director	Paul Verhoeven
War of the Gods (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Daniel Haller
We Are Marshall	director	McG
G-Force: Guardians of Space	director	Fred Ladd
Saint Jack	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Carter Country	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
Carter Country	director	Bud Yorkin
Kaadhal	director	Balaji Sakthivel
Kaadhal Kavithai	director	Agathiyan
Without Limits	director	Robert Towne
Love on the Run (1936 film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
The Last Voyage	director	Andrew L. Stone
High Society (TV series)	director	Stan Daniels
High Society (TV series)	director	Ellen Gittelsohn
High Society (TV series)	director	Michael Lembeck
Love on the Run (1979 film)	director	François Truffaut
Kabul Express	director	Kabir Khan (director)
A Little Curious	director	Steve Oakes
Captain America (1990 film)	director	Albert Pyun
Road to Utopia	director	Hal Walker
The Powers of Matthew Star	director	Barry Crane
The Powers of Matthew Star	director	Leslie H. Martinson
The Corridor People	director	David Boisseau
The Befrienders	director	Ken Hannam
The Befrienders	director	Simon Langton (television director)
The Blues Brothers (film)	director	John Landis
Major League: Back to the Minors	director	John Warren
The Oblong Box (film)	director	Gordon Hessler
The Quick and the Wed	director	Rick Rosenthal
Delta House	director	Carl Gottlieb
While I Was Gone (film)	director	Mike Robe
Uh-Oh! (film)	director	Jon Cope
Allegro Non Troppo	director	Bruno Bozzetto
Rio Rita (1929 film)	director	Luther Reed
Postal (film)	director	Uwe Boll
World Without End (film)	director	Edward Bernds
Two for the Road (Lost)	director	Paul A. Edwards
Bartok the Magnificent	director	Don Bluth
Bartok the Magnificent	director	Gary Goldman
Azumi 2: Death or Love	director	Shusuke Kaneko
Kill Devil	director	Yuichi Onuma
Yeh Dil Aap Ka Huwa	director	Ali Sheikh
Kokkuri-san	director	Takahisa Zeze
No Surrender (film)	director	Peter Smith (British director)
The Mummy's Shroud	director	John Gilling
The Hireling	director	Alan Bridges
The Birds, the Bees and the Italians	director	Pietro Germi
The Mattei Affair	director	Francesco Rosi
The Working Class Goes to Heaven	director	Elio Petri
The Long Absence	director	Henri Colpi
The Great Macarthy	director	David Baker (director)
Two Cents Worth of Hope	director	Renato Castellani
Hell Drivers (film)	director	Cy Endfield
Joe's Bed-Stuy Barbershop: We Cut Heads	director	Spike Lee
The Mitchell and Webb Situation	director	David Kerr (director)
Hare Rama Hare Krishna (1971 film)	director	Dev Anand
Roti Kapda Aur Makaan	director	Manoj Kumar
Manoranjan	director	Shammi Kapoor
Phool Aur Patthar	director	O.P. Ralhan
Jodi No.1	director	David Dhawan
Mera Gaon Mera Desh	director	Raj Khosla
Westinghouse Studio One	director	Paul Nickell
Westinghouse Studio One	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
Guddi	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Chupke Chupke	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Andha Kanoon	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
Phir Milenge	director	Revathi
Shaadi Se Pehle	director	Satish Kaushik
Danger Island (serial)	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Hostel: Part II	director	Eli Roth
Border Patrol (1943 film)	director	Lesley Selander
The Castle of Fu Manchu	director	Jesús Franco
Frank & Jesse	director	Robert Boris
Manolete (film)	director	Menno Meyjes
Palookaville (film)	director	Alan Taylor (director)
Frisky Dingo	director	Adam Reed
Frisky Dingo	director	Matt Thompson (animator)
Paid in Full (film)	director	Charles Stone III
Stoned (film)	director	Stephen Woolley
Here Comes Peter Cottontail: The Movie	director	Mark Gravas
Colin's Sandwich	director	John Kilby
El Principio de Arquímedes	director	Gerardo Herrero
Torrente, el brazo tonto de la ley	director	Santiago Segura
Mudhoney (film)	director	Russ Meyer
Psycho (1998 film)	director	Gus Van Sant
The Count of Monte Cristo (1934 film)	director	Rowland V. Lee
No Road Back	director	Montgomery Tully
Yaadon Ki Baaraat	director	Nasir Hussain
Acción mutante	director	Álex de la Iglesia
Fatal Fury: The Motion Picture	director	Masami Ōbari
A Matter of Time (1976 film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
The Expert (TV series)	director	Prudence Fitzgerald
The Expert (TV series)	director	Ben Rea
Dreamer (1979 film)	director	Noel Nosseck
Naach (film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
200 (Stargate SG-1)	director	Martin Wood
A Story of Healing	director	Donna Dewey
Main Aisa Hi Hoon	director	Harry Baweja
Dillagi (1999 film)	director	Sunny Deol
How to Make a Monster (1958 film)	director	Herbert L. Strock
Maidstone (film)	director	Norman Mailer
Watermarks (film)	director	Yaron Zilberman
Queen of Blood	director	Curtis Harrington
Under Age (1964 film)	director	Larry Buchanan
Youngblood (1978 film)	director	Noel Nosseck
Pajama Party (film)	director	Don Weis
Thavamai Thavamirundhu	director	Cheran (director)
Andromedia	director	Takashi Miike
Monstrosity (film)	director	Joseph V. Mascelli
Dr. Goldfoot and the Girl Bombs	director	Mario Bava
Denial, Anger, Acceptance	director	Nick Gomez
Castro Street (film)	director	Bruce Baillie
All Quiet on the Western Front (1930 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
The Maltese Falcon (1931 film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
The Maltese Falcon (1941 film)	director	John Huston
Body Melt	director	Philip Brophy
Kangaroo Jack: G'Day U.S.A.!	director	Emory Myrick
Kangaroo Jack: G'Day U.S.A.!	director	Jeffrey Gatrall
Employee of the Month (The Sopranos)	director	John Patterson (director)
Shaolin Drunkard	director	Yuen Woo-ping
Roar (film)	director	Noel Marshall
Ashes to Ashes (film)	director	Wayne Gerard Trotman
A Short Film About John Bolton	director	Neil Gaiman
Another Toothpick	director	Jack Bender
The Devil Wears Prada (film)	director	David Frankel
The Blue Bird (1940 film)	director	Walter Lang
The Blue Bird (1918 film)	director	Maurice Tourneur
Year of the Dogs	director	Michael Cordell
Year of the Dogs	director	Stewart Young
The Blue Bird (1976 film)	director	George Cukor
The Blue Bird (1970 film)	director	Vasily Livanov
Frisco Kid	director	Lloyd Bacon
Intermezzo (1939 film)	director	Gregory Ratoff
Young Policemen in Love	director	Chu Yen-ping
Gymkata	director	Robert Clouse
Young and Dangerous 4	director	Andrew Lau
Jade Goddess of Mercy	director	Ann Hui
City of Ghosts	director	Matt Dillon
The Mysterious Dr. Fu Manchu	director	Rowland V. Lee
Those Were the Days... (2000 film)	director	Raymond Yip
Heartland (film)	director	Richard Pearce (film director)
When Time Ran Out	director	James Goldstone
Summer Storm	director	Marco Kreuzpaintner
Young and Dangerous 2	director	Andrew Lau
Young and Dangerous 3	director	Andrew Lau
Night of Truth	director	Fanta Régina Nacro
Gang Related	director	Jim Kouf
The Life of Larry and Larry & Steve	director	Seth MacFarlane
The Life of Larry and Larry & Steve  Larry & Steve   1	director	Seth MacFarlane
The Cohens and Kellys in Trouble	director	George Stevens
Fortunate Son (The Sopranos)	director	Henry J. Bronchtein
Macario	director	Roberto Gavaldón
Camp Nowhere	director	Jonathan Prince
7G Rainbow Colony	director	Selvaraghavan
I Bury the Living	director	Albert Band
Worst Case Scenarios (TV series)	director	H.A. Arnarson
Worst Case Scenarios (TV series)	director	Jeannie O'Neill
Pat and Margaret	director	Gavin Millar
Catch Us If You Can (film)	director	John Boorman
Rose Red (miniseries)	director	Craig R. Baxley
The Rapes of Graff	director	Michael Fields (director)
To Kill a Mockingbird (film)	director	Robert Mulligan
Neil Young: Heart of Gold	director	Jonathan Demme
Get Up! (film)	director	Kazuyuki Izutsu
West Side Story (film)	director	Jerome Robbins
West Side Story (film)	director	Robert Wise
Battle in Heaven	director	Carlos Reygadas
Cartoon Wars Part I	director	Trey Parker
3 Ninjas: High Noon at Mega Mountain	director	Sean McNamara (director)
Be with You (film)	director	Nobuhiro Doi
Intensity (film)	director	Yves Simoneau
Being Cyrus	director	Homi Adajania
Waqt (1965 film)	director	Yash Chopra
The Fleshy Part of the Thigh	director	Alan Taylor (director)
The Inner Circle (1991 film)	director	Andrei Konchalovsky
Skin & Bone (film)	director	Everett Lewis
Cheese and Jam	director	Branko Đurić
Texas Rangers (film)	director	Steve Miner
Monrak Transistor	director	Pen-Ek Ratanaruang
Julie (1956 film)	director	Andrew L. Stone
Relics: Einstein's Brain	director	Kevin Hull
Cowboy (M*A*S*H)	director	Don Weis
Ernest Rides Again	director	John R. Cherry III
Ernest in the Army	director	John R. Cherry III
Slam Dunk Ernest	director	John R. Cherry III
Aida (film)	director	Claes Fellbom
No One Is Alone	director	David Grossman (director)
Zombi 3	director	Lucio Fulci
Zombi 3	director	Bruno Mattei
Double Take (2001 film)	director	George Gallo
Meadowlands (The Sopranos)	director	John Patterson (director)
The Boys in Company C	director	Sidney J. Furie
The Calamari Wrestler	director	Minoru Kawasaki (film director)
Where the Boys Are '84	director	Hy Averback
Krull (film)	director	Peter Yates
Raam (2005 film)	director	Ameer Sultan
Trust the Man	director	Bart Freundlich
Shaukeen	director	Basu Chatterjee
Seeta Aur Geeta	director	Ramesh Sippy
War Comes to America	director	Frank Capra
War Comes to America	director	Anatole Litvak
Naukar Biwi Ka	director	Rajkumar Kohli
Pyar Ka Mausam	director	Nasir Hussain
Bosco Seva Kendra	director	Priest
The Assignment (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Allan Kroeker
...Nor the Battle to the Strong	director	Kim Friedman
Things Past	director	LeVar Burton
Sa Bilis Walang Kaparis	director	José de Villa
Teesri Manzil	director	Vijay Anand (Hindi film maker)
Jogi (film)	director	Prem (film director)
The Woodwright's Shop	director	Gary Hawkins
The Woodwright's Shop	director	Geary Morton
Coup de Grâce (1976 film)	director	Volker Schlöndorff
Fighter Pilot: Operation Red Flag	director	Stephen Low
Marilyn Hotchkiss' Ballroom Dancing and Charm School	director	Randall Miller
Ae Fond Kiss...	director	Ken Loach
College (The Sopranos)	director	Allen Coulter
North and South (TV serial)	director	Brian Percival
The One with All the Thanksgivings	director	Kevin Bright
Petergeist	director	Sarah Frost
Untitled Griffin Family History	director	Peter Shin
Untitled Griffin Family History	director	Pete Michels
Untitled Griffin Family History	director	Zac Moncrief
The Eighth Day (film)	director	Jaco Van Dormael
Ping Pong (film)	director	Fumihiko Sori
Dancehall Queen	director	Rick Elgood
Dancehall Queen	director	Don Letts
Dům pro dva	director	Miloš Zábranský
Diary for My Mother and Father	director	Márta Mészáros
8 Seconds	director	John G. Avildsen
Joe the Little Boom Boom  1	director	Jean Image
Jeeva (film)	director	Syed Noor
Jack Frost (1964 film)	director	Alexander Rou
American Hot Wax	director	Floyd Mutrux
Spring Waltz	director	Yoon Seok-Ho
Aethiree	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Nala Damayanthi	director	T. S. B. K. Mouli
Scott Walker: 30 Century Man	director	Stephen Kijak
The Horseman on the Roof	director	Jean-Paul Rappeneau
Aniki-Bóbó	director	Manoel de Oliveira
Letters from Lehrer	director	Ross Manson
Cabaret Balkan	director	Goran Paskaljević
1408 (film)	director	Mikael Håfström
The Green Man	director	Elijah Moshinsky
The House on Sorority Row	director	Mark Rosman
The Second Chance	director	Steve Taylor
Walk... Don't Walk	director	Rich Allen
Agent for H.A.R.M.	director	Gerd Oswald
Boycott (film)	director	Mohsen Makhmalbaf
Nick Fury: Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. (film)	director	Rod Hardy
The Fanimatrix	director	Rajneel Singh
Ultimate Avengers 2	director	Will Meugniot
Ultimate Avengers 2	director	Dick Sebast
? (Lost)	director	Deran Sarafian
Three Minutes	director	Stephen Williams (director)
The Ghost Breakers	director	George Marshall (director)
The Sum of All Fears (film)	director	Phil Alden Robinson
Osadeni Dushi	director	Vulo Radev
Fantastic Voyage (TV series)	director	Hal Sutherland
Brave New World (film)	director	Leslie Libman
Henry Please Come Home	director	William Wiard
I Hate a Mystery	director	Hy Averback
Germ Warfare (M*A*S*H)	director	Terry Becker
Dear Dad	director	Gene Reynolds
Edwina (M*A*S*H)	director	James Sheldon
Love Story (M*A*S*H)	director	Earl Bellamy
The Ringbanger	director	Jackie Cooper
Sometimes You Hear the Bullet	director	William Wiard
Dear Dad...Again	director	Jackie Cooper
The Longjohn Flap	director	William Wiard
The Army-Navy Game (M*A*S*H)	director	Gene Reynolds
Sticky Wicket	director	Don Weis
Ceasefire (M*A*S*H)	director	Earl Bellamy
Showtime (M*A*S*H)	director	Jackie Cooper
Major Fred C. Dobbs	director	Don Weis
Robin (TV series)	director	Magnus Carlsson (illustrator)
Pokémon 3: The Movie	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
Altar Egos	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
L'Argent (1983 film)	director	Robert Bresson
Nine Lives (2005 film)	director	Rodrigo García Barcha
Disorganized Crime	director	Jim Kouf
The Big Gundown	director	Sergio Sollima
Sgt. Kabukiman N.Y.P.D.	director	Lloyd Kaufman
Sgt. Kabukiman N.Y.P.D.	director	Michael Herz (producer)
Pilot (The West Wing)	director	Thomas Schlamme
Post Hoc, Ergo Propter Hoc (The West Wing)	director	Thomas Schlamme
A Proportional Response	director	Marc Buckland
Five Votes Down	director	Michael Lehmann
12B	director	Jeeva (director)
Strike (film)	director	Sergei Eisenstein
The Mad Adventures of Rabbi Jacob	director	Gérard Oury
The Crackpots and These Women	director	Anthony Drazan
Vernon, Florida (film)	director	Errol Morris
69 (film)	director	Lee Sang-il
The World We Live In and Live in Hamburg	director	Clive Richardson
Conflict Resolution (The Office)	director	Charles McDougall
Devotional (video)	director	Anton Corbijn
Curses!	director	Grover Jones
Curses!	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Satya (film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
One Night in Paris	director	Anton Corbijn
Justice Is Blind	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
Lionheart (1987 film)	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
Pax Soprana	director	Alan Taylor (director)
Dead Man's Shoes (2004 film)	director	Shane Meadows
Paramasivan	director	P. Vasu
Thirupathi	director	Perarasu
The Maniac	director	Michael Carreras
Naan Kadavul	director	Bala (director)
Drug Testing (The Office)	director	Greg Daniels
Useless (film)	director	Jia Zhangke
Missing Kitty	director	Russo brothers
My Reputation	director	Curtis Bernhardt
Nasty Burgers	director	James E. Motluk
Heaven's Bookstore	director	Tetsuo Shinohara
Twice in a Lifetime (TV series)	director	Graeme Campbell (director)
Twice in a Lifetime (TV series)	director	Holly Dale
Twice in a Lifetime (TV series)	director	Allan King
Twice in a Lifetime (TV series)	director	David Winning
Danger Beneath the Sea	director	Jon Cassar
The Hunt for the Unicorn Killer	director	William A. Graham (director)
Naked City: Justice with a Bullet	director	Jeff Freilich
Moments of Love	director	Mark A. Reyes
Alakazam the Great	director	Daisaku Shirakawa
Alakazam the Great	director	Taiji Yabushita
The Real Dirt on Farmer John	director	Taggart Siegel
A Room for Romeo Brass	director	Shane Meadows
Herostratus (film)	director	Don Levy
Boys (2003 film)	director	S. Shankar
Give a Girl a Break	director	Stanley Donen
The Toast of New York	director	Rowland V. Lee
Grill Point	director	Andreas Dresen
A Brief Vacation	director	Vittorio De Sica
Come Fly with Me (film)	director	Henry Levin
Mulan II	director	Darrell Rooney
Mulan II	director	Lynne Southerland
Hercules in the Haunted World	director	Mario Bava
Street Smart (film)	director	Jerry Schatzberg
Rear Window (1998 film)	director	Jeff Bleckner
Speechless (film)	director	Ron Underwood
Covington Cross	director	William Dear
Covington Cross	director	Alister Hallum
Muthal Mariyathai	director	P. Bharathiraja
Time of Love	director	Mohsen Makhmalbaf
The Last Shot	director	Jeff Nathanson
Pierrepoint (film)	director	Adrian Shergold
Beyond Witch Mountain	director	Robert Day (director)
History Is Made at Night (1937 film)	director	Frank Borzage
Mr. & Mrs. John Sacrimoni Request...	director	Steve Buscemi
Once Upon a Time, Cinema	director	Mohsen Makhmalbaf
Plan B (Veronica Mars)	director	John T. Kretchmer
Slings and Arrows	director	Peter Wellington (director)
Kagen no Tsuki (film)	director	Ken Nakai
The Weather Underground	director	Sam Green
Lassie (2005 film)	director	Charles Sturridge
Lust for a Vampire	director	Jimmy Sangster
Garm Hava	director	M. S. Sathyu
Marupakkam	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Lord Jim (1965 film)	director	Richard Brooks
Adam & Steve	director	Craig Chester
Cartoon Wars Part II	director	Trey Parker
La Bataille de San Sebastian	director	Henri Verneuil
Calvaire (film)	director	Fabrice Du Welz
Rabindranath Tagore (film)	director	Satyajit Ray
Bala (1976 film)	director	Satyajit Ray
The Nightmare Begins	director	Steve Ressel
The Three Musketeers (1933 serial)	director	Armand Schaefer
The Three Musketeers (1933 serial)	director	Colbert Clark
Mad Dog Time	director	Larry Bishop
Visions of Ecstasy	director	Nigel Wingrove
Memphis Belle: A Story of a Flying Fortress	director	William Wyler
The Spider Woman	director	Roy William Neill
The Drumhead	director	Jonathan Frakes
University (The Sopranos)	director	Allen Coulter
Sword of the Valiant	director	Stephen Weeks
The Forbidden Dance	director	Greydon Clark
Best Man for the GOB	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
The Dark (film)	director	John Fawcett (director)
Watershed (Bristol)	director	Dick Penny
One Good Cop	director	Heywood Gould
The Phantom Tollbooth (film)	director	Chuck Jones
The Phantom Tollbooth (film)	director	Abe Levitow
The Phantom Tollbooth (film)	director	Dave Monahan
In Search of Dr. Seuss	director	Vincent Paterson
Kill Your Darlings	director	Björne Larson
Page 3 (film)	director	Madhur Bhandarkar
The Wild Scene	director	William Rowland
16 Vayathinile	director	P. Bharathiraja
Cabaret Paradis	director	Corinne Benizio
Cabaret Paradis	director	Gilles Benizio
Smooth Talk	director	Joyce Chopra
Tracking (video)	director	Mike Gordon
W (1974 film)	director	Richard Quine
The Last Flight of Noah's Ark	director	Charles Jarrott
Good Advice	director	Steve Rash
The Devil and Max Devlin	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
The Legend of Paul and Paula	director	Heiner Carow
Pusher 3	director	Nicolas Winding Refn
Witchboard 2: The Devil's Doorway	director	Kevin S. Tenney
The Hills Have Eyes Part II	director	Wes Craven
Sympathy for the Underdog	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Bharathi Kannamma	director	Cheran (director)
The First Men in the Moon (1919 film)	director	Bruce Gordon (actor/director)
The First Men in the Moon (1919 film)	director	J.L.V. Leigh
The Iron Horse (film)	director	John Ford
The Unknown Soldier (1955 film)	director	Edvin Laine
The Unknown Soldier (1985 film)	director	Rauni Mollberg
For Whom the Bell Tolls (film)	director	Sam Wood
Distant Lights	director	Hans-Christian Schmid
Magnificent Obsession (1954 film)	director	Douglas Sirk
Magnificent Obsession (1935 film)	director	John M. Stahl
Punchline (film)	director	David Seltzer
Eskimo Limon	director	Boaz Davidson
Roadracers	director	Robert Rodriguez
Gangster Wars	director	Richard C. Sarafian
The Hawk Is Dying	director	Julian Goldberger
Asterix and the Vikings	director	Stefan Fjeldmark
Asterix and the Vikings	director	Jesper Møller
The Last Winter	director	Larry Fessenden
De Schippers van de Kameleon	director	Steven de Jong
De Schippers van de Kameleon	director	Marc Willard
Second Opinion (The Sopranos)	director	Tim Van Patten
My First Day	director	Adam Bernstein
After Sex (1997 film)	director	Brigitte Roüan
Where's Johnny?	director	John Patterson (director)
Wake Me When the War Is Over	director	Gene Nelson
Imitation of Life (1934 film)	director	John M. Stahl
Mad Love (1995 film)	director	Antonia Bird
Imitation of Life (1959 film)	director	Douglas Sirk
Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics	director	Milan K. Sanyal
Love in Simla	director	R. K. Nayyar
Wilderness (film)	director	Michael J. Bassett
13 Tzameti	director	Géla Babluani
For One Night	director	Ernest Dickerson
Chain (film)	director	Jem Cohen
Shyamchi Aai (film)	director	Pralhad Keshav Atre
Twenty Five (The West Wing)	director	Christopher Misiano
Pyare Mohan	director	Indra Kumar
Liftoff (The West Wing)	director	Alex Graves
Mr. Willis of Ohio	director	Christopher Misiano
Spend an Evening with Saddle Creek	director	Saddle Creek Records
Spend an Evening with Saddle Creek	director	Rob Walters
Mirza Ghalib (film)	director	Sohrab Modi
Sailor Moon R: The Movie	director	Kunihiko Ikuhara
Sailor Moon S: The Movie	director	Hiroki Shibata
Death on the Nile (1978 film)	director	John Guillermin
Tiger Child	director	Donald Brittain
Sailor Moon Super S: The Movie	director	Hiroki Shibata
Remember (Desperate Housewives)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Take the Celestra	director	Daniel Haller
Experiment in Terra	director	Rod Holcomb
Bite the Bullet (film)	director	Richard Brooks
Mortuary (film)	director	Tobe Hooper
All You've Got	director	Neema Barnette
Clean Slate (1994 film)	director	Mick Jackson (director)
The Story of Us	director	Rob Reiner
Anamorph (film)	director	Henry S. Miller
Kiltro	director	Ernesto Díaz Espinoza
Instinct (film)	director	Jon Turteltaub
Raising Victor Vargas	director	Peter Sollett
God Hand	director	Shinji Mikami
Enakku 20 Unakku 18	director	Jyothi Krishna
Blow Dry	director	Paddy Breathnach
Vedham Pudhithu	director	P. Bharathiraja
Pokiri (2006 film)	director	Puri Jagannadh
What Kind of Day Has It Been	director	Thomas Schlamme
Follow That Camel	director	Gerald Thomas
The Seduction (1982 film)	director	David Schmoeller
The Telltale Moozadell	director	Dan Attias
Blackbeard's Ghost	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
The State Dinner	director	Thomas Schlamme
Enemies (The West Wing)	director	Alan Taylor (director)
The Short List	director	Bill D'Elia
In Excelsis Deo	director	Alex Graves
Dan in Real Life	director	Peter Hedges
You Wish (TV series)	director	Jeff McCracken
You Wish (TV series)	director	David Trainer
Saaransh	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Entropy (film)	director	Phil Joanou
Helpmates	director	James Parrott
Lord John Marbury (The West Wing)	director	Kevin Rodney Sullivan
He Shall, from Time to Time...	director	Arlene Sanford
Take out the Trash Day	director	Ken Olin
Take This Sabbath Day	director	Thomas Schlamme
Celestial Navigation (The West Wing)	director	Christopher Misiano
20 Hours in L.A.	director	Alan Taylor (director)
The White House Pro-Am	director	Ken Olin
Six Meetings Before Lunch	director	Clark Johnson
Let Bartlet Be Bartlet	director	Laura Innes
Mandatory Minimums	director	Robert Berlinger
Lies, Damn Lies and Statistics	director	Don Scardino
In the Shadow of Two Gunmen, Part I	director	Thomas Schlamme
In the Shadow of Two Gunmen, Part II	director	Thomas Schlamme
The Midterms	director	Alex Graves
In this White House	director	Ken Olin
And It's Surely to Their Credit	director	Christopher Misiano
The Lame Duck Congress	director	Jeremy Kagan
The Portland Trip	director	Paris Barclay
Shibboleth (The West Wing)	director	Laura Innes
Galileo (The West Wing)	director	Alex Graves
Noël (The West Wing)	director	Thomas Schlamme
The Leadership Breakfast	director	Scott Winant
The Drop-In	director	Lou Antonio
Bartlet's Third State of the Union	director	Christopher Misiano
The War at Home (The West Wing)	director	Christopher Misiano
Ellie (The West Wing)	director	Michael Engler
Somebody's Going to Emergency, Somebody's Going to Jail	director	Jessica Yu
The Stackhouse Filibuster	director	Bryan Gordon
Arabesque (gay film)	director	Chris Ward (director)
Before Night Falls (film)	director	Julian Schnabel
Big Stan	director	Rob Schneider
The Green Glove	director	Rudolph Maté
12 Days of Terror	director	Jack Sholder
17 People	director	Alex Graves
Bad Moon Rising (The West Wing)	director	Bill Johnson
The Fall's Gonna Kill You	director	Christopher Misiano
18th and Potomac	director	Robert Berlinger
Two Cathedrals	director	Thomas Schlamme
Isaac and Ishmael	director	Christopher Misiano
Documentary Special	director	William Couturie
Ways and Means (The West Wing)	director	Alex Graves
On the Day Before	director	Christopher Misiano
War Crimes (The West Wing)	director	Alex Graves
Gone Quiet	director	Jon Hutman
The Man from London	director	Béla Tarr
The Man from London	director	Ágnes Hranitzky
My Blueberry Nights	director	Wong Kar-wai
Nobuta wo Produce	director	Hitoshi Iwamoto
Nobuta wo Produce	director	Norika Sakuma
The Holy Man	director	Note Cherm-Yim
Killer Tattoo	director	Yuthlert Sippapak
Insomnia (2002 film)	director	Christopher Nolan
Insomnia (1997 film)	director	Erik Skjoldbjærg
Haathi Mere Saathi	director	M A Thirumugham
Orchestra Wives	director	Archie Mayo
Drôle de Félix	director	Olivier Ducastel
Warrendale	director	Allan King
Robin's Reckoning	director	Dick Sebast
Faat Kiné	director	Ousmane Sembène
Talk (film)	director	Susan Lambert
Cruel Intentions 3	director	Scott Ziehl
Shark Attack (film)	director	Bob Misiorowski
Wild Man Blues	director	Barbara Kopple
Do Detectives Think?	director	Fred Guiol
Duck Soup (1927 film)	director	Fred Guiol
Pilot (King of the Hill)	director	Wes Archer
Unaccustomed As We Are	director	Lewis R. Foster
Unaccustomed As We Are	director	Hal Roach
Alegrijes y Rebujos	director	Rosy Ocampo
National Velvet (film)	director	Clarence Brown
Gabbeh (film)	director	Mohsen Makhmalbaf
Prozac Nation (film)	director	Erik Skjoldbjærg
Sa Pusod ng Dagat	director	Marilou Diaz-Abaya
Saranggola	director	Gil Portes
José Rizal (film)	director	Marilou Diaz-Abaya
Deathrow (film)	director	Joel Lamangan
36 China Town	director	Abbas-Mustan
Mad Love (2001 film)	director	Vicente Aranda
Porkkaalam	director	Cheran (director)
Get on the Bus	director	Spike Lee
Father and Scout	director	Richard Micheals
Pink Five Strikes Back	director	Trey Stokes
...To Save Us All from Satan's Power	director	Jack Bender
Resan	director	Peter Watkins
Goodies: The Videos & More	director	Jim Swaffield
Slither (1973 film)	director	Howard Zieff
One Romantic Night	director	Paul L. Stein
The Yes Men Fix the World	director	Jacques Servin
The Yes Men Fix the World	director	Igor Vamos
Chatrapathi (film)	director	S. S. Rajamouli
Exit 57	director	Tim Hill
Exit 57	director	Mick Napier
Jonah Who Will Be 25 in the Year 2000	director	Alain Tanner
La Commune (Paris, 1871)	director	Peter Watkins
The Indians in the Lobby	director	Paris Barclay
The Women of Qumar	director	Alex Graves
H. Con-172	director	Vincent Misiano
Bartlet for America	director	Thomas Schlamme
100,000 Airplanes	director	David Nutter
The Two Bartlets	director	Alex Graves
Night Five	director	Christopher Misiano
Hartsfield's Landing	director	Vincent Misiano
Dead Irish Writers	director	Alex Graves
The U.S. Poet Laureate	director	Christopher Misiano
Stirred	director	Jeremy Kagan
Enemies Foreign and Domestic	director	Alex Graves
The Black Vera Wang	director	Christopher Misiano
We Killed Yamamoto	director	Thomas Schlamme
College Kids	director	Alex Graves
Posse Comitatus (The West Wing)	director	Alex Graves
20 Hours in America	director	Christopher Misiano
Debate Camp (The West Wing)	director	Paris Barclay
The Red Mass	director	Vincent Misiano
Game On (The West Wing)	director	Alex Graves
Election Night (The West Wing)	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
Swiss Diplomacy	director	Christopher Misiano
Process Stories	director	Christopher Misiano
Arctic Radar	director	John David Coles
Holy Night	director	Thomas Schlamme
Guns Not Butter	director	Bill D'Elia
The Long Goodbye (The West Wing)	director	Alex Graves
Inauguration, Part I	director	Christopher Misiano
Inauguration Over There	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
The California 47th	director	Vincent Misiano
Red Haven's on Fire	director	Alex Graves
Privateers (The West Wing)	director	Alex Graves
Angel Maintenance	director	Jessica Yu
Evidence of Things Not Seen	director	Christopher Misiano
Commencement (The West Wing)	director	Alex Graves
Life on Mars (The West Wing)	director	John David Coles
7A WF 83429	director	Alex Graves
Jefferson Lives	director	Alex Graves
Han (The West Wing)	director	Christopher Misiano
The Dogs of War (The West Wing)	director	Christopher Misiano
Constituency of One	director	Laura Innes
Separation of Powers (The West Wing)	director	Alex Graves
Shutdown (The West Wing)	director	Christopher Misiano
Disaster Relief (The West Wing)	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
Abu el Banat	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
The Benign Prerogative	director	Christopher Misiano
The Stormy Present	director	Alex Graves
The Warfare of Genghis Khan	director	Bill D'Elia
Slow News Day	director	Julie Hebert
An Khe (The West Wing)	director	Alex Graves
Full Disclosure (The West Wing)	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
Eppur Si Muove (The West Wing)	director	Llewellyn Wells
The Supremes (The West Wing)	director	Jessica Yu
Access (The West Wing)	director	Alex Graves
Talking Points (The West Wing)	director	Richard Schiff
No Exit (The West Wing)	director	Julie Hebert
Gaza (The West Wing)	director	Christopher Misiano
Memorial Day (The West Wing)	director	Christopher Misiano
NSF Thurmont (The West Wing)	director	Alex Graves
The Birnam Wood	director	Alex Graves
Third-Day Story	director	Christopher Misiano
The Hubbert Peak	director	Julie Hebert
The Dover Test (The West Wing)	director	Laura Innes
A Change Is Gonna Come (The West Wing)	director	Vincent Misiano
Impact Winter (The West Wing)	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
In the Room	director	Alex Graves
365 Days	director	Andrew Bernstein (director)
Opposition Research	director	Christopher Misiano
King Corn (The West Wing)	director	Alex Graves
The Wake Up Call	director	Laura Innes
Freedonia (The West Wing)	director	Christopher Misiano
Itty Bitty Titty Committee	director	Jamie Babbit
A Good Day (The West Wing)	director	Richard Schiff
La Palabra	director	Jason Ensler
In God We Trust (The West Wing)	director	Christopher Misiano
Things Fall Apart (The West Wing)	director	Nelson McCormick (director)
Ninety Miles Away	director	Rod Holcomb
2162 Votes	director	Alex Graves
Adam Resurrected	director	Paul Schrader
The Mommy Problem	director	Alex Graves
The Ticket (The West Wing)	director	Christopher Misiano
Message of the Week	director	Christopher Misiano
Here Today (The West Wing)	director	Alex Graves
Mr. Frost	director	Andrew Bernstein (director)
The Al Smith Dinner (The West Wing)	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
The Debate	director	Alex Graves
Undecideds	director	Christopher Misiano
Running Mates (The West Wing episode)	director	Paul McCrane
The Wedding (The West Wing)	director	Max Mayer
Duck and Cover (The West Wing)	director	Christopher Misiano
Internal Displacement	director	Andrew Bernstein (director)
The Cold	director	Alex Graves
Two Weeks Out	director	Laura Innes
Welcome to Wherever You Are (The West Wing)	director	Matia Karrell
Election Day Part I	director	Mimi Leder
Election Day Part II	director	Christopher Misiano
Requiem (The West Wing)	director	Steve Shill
Transition (The West Wing)	director	Nelson McCormick (director)
The Last Hurrah (The West Wing)	director	Tim Matheson
Tomorrow (The West Wing)	director	Christopher Misiano
Institutional Memory	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
The Abbott and Costello Show	director	Jean Yarbrough
The Abbott and Costello Show	director	Alex Gottlieb
Worst Case Scenario (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Alexander Singer
The Exodus Decoded	director	Simcha Jacobovici
A Million Little Fibers	director	Trey Parker
Thiruvilayadal (1965 film)	director	A. P. Nagarajan
Animals Are Beautiful People	director	Jamie Uys
Moondram Pirai	director	Balu Mahendra
Ghilli	director	S. Dharani
The Moon-Spinners	director	James Neilson (director)
The Wanderers (1979 film)	director	Philip Kaufman
Boo! (TV series)	director	Mark Taylor (director)
Chessgame	director	Ken Grieve
Chessgame	director	Roger Tucker
A Summer Place (film)	director	Delmer Daves
Museum of East Anglian Life	director	Tony Butler
The Thirty Nine Steps (1978 film)	director	Don Sharp
The Lucky Dog	director	Jess Robbins
Wassup Rockers	director	Larry Clark
Yellowneck	director	R. John Hugh
The Armenian Genocide (film)	director	Andrew Goldberg (director)
The Thousand Eyes of Dr. Mabuse	director	Fritz Lang
Bedhead (short film)	director	Robert Rodriguez
Live Free or Die (The Sopranos)	director	Tim Van Patten
Baby Talk (TV series)	director	John Bowab
Baby Talk (TV series)	director	Linda Day
Insektors	director	Renato
Tarantula (film)	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Bee Season (film)	director	Scott McGehee
Bee Season (film)	director	David Siegel
All Happy Families...	director	Rodrigo García Barcha
Minnesota Clay	director	Sergio Corbucci
Enemies, a Love Story (film)	director	Paul Mazursky
Tarzan of the Apes (film)	director	Scott Sidney
Zazie dans le Métro	director	Louis Malle
Princess Daisy (film)	director	Waris Hussein
I Am God	director	Martha Mitchell (director)
Canada's Worst Handyman (season 1)	director	Allan Novak
Sione's Wedding	director	Chris Graham
Fancy Pants (film)	director	George Marshall (director)
A Few Days Later (film)	director	Niki Karimi
Teenage Cave Man	director	Roger Corman
Cold Sweat (1970 film)	director	Terence Young (director)
My Little Pony: The Princess Promenade	director	Vic Dal Chele
Felicity: An American Girl Adventure	director	Nadia Tass
Lassie's Rescue Rangers	director	Hal Sutherland
White Room (film)	director	Patricia Rozema
Dark Habits	director	Pedro Almodóvar
Amour Fou	director	Tim Van Patten
The Big Green	director	Holly Goldberg Sloan
Live Together, Die Alone	director	Jack Bender
Storytelling Giant	director	Toni Basil
Storytelling Giant	director	David Byrne
Storytelling Giant	director	Ted Bafaloukos
Storytelling Giant	director	Jim Blashfield
Storytelling Giant	director	Jim Jarmusch
Storytelling Giant	director	Melvin Sokolsky
Storytelling Giant	director	Stephen R. Johnson
Night Hood	director	Pascal Morelli
The Beach (film)	director	Danny Boyle
Until Death	director	Simon Fellows
The Anarchist Cookbook (film)	director	Jordan Susman
The Cat in the Hat (film)	director	Bo Welch
Trishul (film)	director	Yash Chopra
Keith (film)	director	Todd Kessler
A Time for Miracles	director	Michael O'Herlihy
Army of One (The Sopranos)	director	John Patterson (director)
A Union in Wait	director	Ryan Butler
Three for the Road	director	Bill L. Norton
Misión S.O.S	director	Rosy Ocampo
Winter Kept Us Warm	director	David Secter
Sugar (2004 film)	director	John Palmer (director)
Guy Walks Into a Psychiatrist's Office...	director	Allen Coulter
A New Kind of Family	director	James Burrows
A New Kind of Family	director	Herbert Kenwith
A New Kind of Family	director	Jeremiah Morris
A New Kind of Family	director	Alan Myerson
The Long, Hot Summer	director	Martin Ritt
Someone to Love (film)	director	Henry Jaglom
Welcome to My Nightmare (film)	director	David Winters (choreographer)
The War Within (film)	director	Joseph Castelo
Forbidden (1984 film)	director	Anthony Page
The Best Thief in the World	director	Jacob Kornbluth
The Bizarro Jerry	director	Andy Ackerman
Killer Nun	director	Giulio Berruti
Hello Cinema	director	Mohsen Makhmalbaf
Sk8 (TV series)	director	James Head
Sk8 (TV series)	director	Pat Williams (director)
Running the Halls	director	Randall Miller
Running the Halls	director	Troy Miller
All About Us (TV series)	director	John Bowab
All About Us (TV series)	director	Fred Savage
Hero Hiralal	director	Ketan Mehta
To Walk with Lions	director	Carl Schultz
Tales of Ordinary Madness	director	Marco Ferreri
The Revenge of Frankenstein	director	Terence Fisher
The Reptile	director	John Gilling
Betsy's Wedding	director	Alan Alda
Boy and Bicycle	director	Ridley Scott
Rosario Tijeras	director	Emilio Maillé
Do Not Resuscitate (The Sopranos)	director	Martin Bruestle
Rent Control (film)	director	Gian Luigi Polidoro
Compulsion (film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Swiss Family Robinson (1940 film)	director	Edward Ludwig
Thunder (film)	director	William Nigh
The Other Side of the Wind	director	Orson Welles
Kiler	director	Juliusz Machulski
Lights of New York (1928 film)	director	Bryan Foy
Northern Light (film)	director	David Lammers
Happily Ever After (1993 film)	director	John Howley
Relative Values	director	Eric Styles
Cavegirl	director	Daniel Peacock
Casino Night	director	Ken Kwapis
Toodle Fucking-Oo	director	Lee Tamahori
Death in Venice (film)	director	Luchino Visconti
My Fair Lady (film)	director	George Cukor
The Sound of Music (film)	director	Robert Wise
A Man for All Seasons (1966 film)	director	Fred Zinnemann
Oliver! (film)	director	Carol Reed
Providence (1991 film)	director	David Mackay (director)
Mrs. Miniver (film)	director	William Wyler
How Green Was My Valley (film)	director	John Ford
Tales of a Golden Geisha	director	Jūzō Itami
Mushkil	director	Javed Sheikh
Pyar Hi Pyar Mein	director	Fahim Burney
Pehla Pehla Pyaar	director	Mubasher Luqman
Koi Tujh Sa Kahan	director	Reema Khan
Summer with Monika	director	Ingmar Bergman
Carry On Columbus	director	Gerald Thomas
G@me	director	Satoshi Isaka
Dead Man's Letters	director	Konstantin Lopushansky
Dishyum	director	Sasi (director)
Lakshya (film)	director	Farhan Akhtar
Commendatori	director	Tim Van Patten
City Hunter (film)	director	Wong Jing
Death & Taxes (film)	director	Jeffrey J. Jackson
Sodom and Gomorrah (1963 film)	director	Robert Aldrich
The Music Man (1962 film)	director	Morton DaCosta
Don (Dutch film)	director	Arend Steenbergen
Genius Party	director	Atsuko Fukushima
Genius Party	director	Yoji Fukuyama
Genius Party	director	Hideki Futamura
Genius Party	director	Shōji Kawamori
Genius Party	director	Shinji Kimura
Genius Party	director	Mahiro Maeda
Genius Party	director	Kōji Morimoto
Genius Party	director	Kazuto Nakazawa
Genius Party	director	Tatsuyuki Tanaka
Genius Party	director	Shinichirō Watanabe
Genius Party	director	Masaaki Yuasa
Genius Party  Beyond   1	director	Mahiro Maeda
Genius Party  Beyond   1	director	Kōji Morimoto
Genius Party  Beyond   1	director	Kazuto Nakazawa
Genius Party  Beyond   1	director	Tatsuyuki Tanaka
Love (2011 film)	director	William Eubank
Funhouse (The Sopranos)	director	John Patterson (director)
American Psycho (film)	director	Mary Harron
Crossing the Bridge: The Sound of Istanbul	director	Fatih Akın
Single Video Theory	director	Mark Pellington
Cobra Woman	director	Robert Siodmak
The Bank (2001 film)	director	Robert Connolly
Skinwalkers (film)	director	James Isaac
Big Girls Don't Cry (The Sopranos)	director	Tim Van Patten
Gorillas in the Mist: The Story of Dian Fossey	director	Michael Apted
Stuart Little: The Animated Series	director	Melody Fox
L'Enfant prodigue (film)	director	Michel-Antoine Carré
Kingdom of the Spiders	director	John Cardos
Villain (2002 film)	director	K. S. Ravikumar
The Two Faces of Dr. Jekyll	director	Terence Fisher
One Day in Europe	director	Hannes Stöhr
Sarah, Plain and Tall: Winter's End	director	Glenn Jordan
Someone's Watching Me!	director	John Carpenter
Perazhagan	director	Sasi Shanker
Elvis (1979 film)	director	John Carpenter
Accumulator 1	director	Jan Svěrák
Mudhalvan	director	S. Shankar
Sethu	director	Bala (director)
Everybody's Famous!	director	Dominique Deruddere
KidZone	director	Michael Robison
KidZone	director	Philip Spink
The Happy Wanderer (The Sopranos)	director	John Patterson (director)
A Simple Twist of Fate	director	Gillies MacKinnon
Bullet Boy	director	Saul Dibb
Krippendorf's Tribe	director	Todd Holland
The Slicer	director	Andy Ackerman
Comet in Moominland (film)	director	Hiroshi Saitō
Sheerluck Holmes and the Golden Ruler	director	Mike Nawrocki
Lord of the Beans	director	Mike Nawrocki
D-Girl (The Sopranos)	director	Allen Coulter
Necromancer (film)	director	Piyapan Choopetch
Minnesota Cuke and the Search for Samson's Hairbrush	director	Tim Hodge
Duke and the Great Pie War	director	Tim Hodge
Sumo of the Opera	director	Mike Nawrocki
Netto (film)	director	Robert Thalheim
Cría cuervos	director	Carlos Saura
Full Leather Jacket	director	Allen Coulter
The Blindflyers	director	Bernd Sahling
Dudley Do-Right (film)	director	Hugh Wilson (director)
The Five Pennies	director	Melville Shavelson
Ek Duuje Ke Liye	director	K. Balachander
Double, Double, Toil and Trouble	director	Stuart Margolin
Little Manhattan	director	Mark Levin (director)
Little Manhattan	director	Jennifer Flackett
Tevye (film)	director	Maurice Schwartz
Caudillo (film)	director	Basilio Martín Patino
Metropolitan (1935 film)	director	Richard Boleslavsky
American Gun	director	Aric Avelino
The Student Prince (film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Comrades: Almost a Love Story	director	Peter Chan
The American Embassy	director	John David Coles
The American Embassy	director	Stephen Cragg
The American Embassy	director	Stephen Surjik
The American Embassy	director	Andy Tennant
The American Embassy	director	Tim Van Patten
How the Grinch Stole Christmas (film)	director	Ron Howard
Les filles du botaniste	director	Dai Sijie
The Story of Mankind (film)	director	Irwin Allen
Fallout (RTÉ drama)	director	David Caffrey
The Sheriff and the Satellite Kid	director	Michele Lupo
Bob and Larry's How to Draw!	director	Steve Hullfish
Bob and Larry's How to Draw!	director	Brian K. Roberts
An Easter Carol	director	Tim Hodge
King Boxer	director	Chang-wha Chung
The Star of Christmas	director	Tim Hodge
The Tracey Fragments (film)	director	Bruce McDonald (film director)
Bunny (1998 film)	director	Chris Wedge
Luxury Lounge	director	Danny Leiner
Dr. Seuss on the Loose	director	Hawley Pratt
The Giant of Marathon	director	Jacques Tourneur
The Giant of Marathon	director	Mario Bava
The Battle of Kerzhenets	director	Yuriy Norshteyn
The Battle of Kerzhenets	director	Ivan Ivanov-Vano
True Believer (1989 film)	director	Joseph Ruben
Omar Khayyam (film)	director	William Dieterle
Shutter (2004 film)	director	Banjong Pisanthanakun
Shutter (2004 film)	director	Parkpoom Wongpoom
Nandha	director	Bala (director)
Don't Raise the Bridge, Lower the River	director	Jerry Paris
One More Time (film)	director	Jerry Lewis
The Lost City (2005 film)	director	Andy García
Ring Dem Bells	director	David Croft (TV producer)
I've Gotta Horse	director	Kenneth Hume
Babylon A.D.	director	Mathieu Kassovitz
The Way Things Go	director	Peter Fischli & David Weiss
Yesterday Was a Lie	director	James Kerwin
Is There Life Out There?	director	David Hugh Jones
Tango Charlie	director	Mani Shankar
Searching for Paradise	director	Myra Paci
Andaz (1949 film)	director	Mehboob Khan
Jugnu	director	Pramod Chakravorthy
You Think You Really Know Me: The Gary Wilson Story	director	Michael Wolk
The Big Wheel (film)	director	Edward Ludwig
Smile for the Camera	director	Jordan Galland
Who Killed the Electric Car?	director	Chris Paine
Girl from Rio	director	Christopher Monger
Nevermind the Buttocks	director	Jason Bloom (director)
Zeisters	director	John Golden
The Magic of Lassie	director	Don Chaffey
Kissi Se Na Kehna	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Klatretøsen	director	Hans Fabian Wullenweber
Reno 911!: Miami	director	Ben Garant
To the Devil a Daughter	director	Peter Sykes
Twins of Evil	director	John Hough (director)
Chamber of Horrors (film)	director	Hy Averback
The Dogs of War (film)	director	John Irvin
The Fourth Protocol (film)	director	John Mackenzie (director)
Carnosaur (film)	director	Adam Simon
The Cindy Margolis Show	director	Joe DeMaio
The Cindy Margolis Show	director	Errol Falcon
Tom and Jerry Tales	director	Tim Cahill (disambiguation)
Tom and Jerry Tales	director	Robert Alvarez
Tom and Jerry Tales	director	Julie McNally
Tom and Jerry Tales	director	Douglas McNally
Tom and Jerry Tales	director	Paul Rugg
Tom and Jerry Tales	director	Rob Renzetti
Turk 182	director	Bob Clark
Rules of Engagement (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	LeVar Burton
The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency	director	Troll 2
Sacred Flesh	director	Nigel Wingrove
Dark Intruder	director	Harvey Hart
Carrie (1976 film)	director	Brian De Palma
Cloaca (film)	director	Willem van de Sande Bakhuyzen
Valley of the Stereos	director	George Port
Southern Belles	director	Paul S. Myers
Southern Belles	director	Brennan Shroff
Dirty Ho	director	Lau Kar-leung
Atonement (film)	director	Joe Wright
Psycho (film series)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Psycho (film series)	director	Richard Franklin
Psycho (film series)	director	Anthony Perkins
Psycho (film series)	director	Richard Rothstein
Psycho (film series)	director	Mick Garris
Psycho (film series)	director	Gus Van Sant
Psycho (film series)	director	Ryan Murphy (writer)
Psycho (film series)	director	Robert V. Galluzzo
Jane Eyre (1973 miniseries)	director	Joan Craft
Roger Dodger (film)	director	Dylan Kidd
Every Time We Say Goodbye (film)	director	Moshé Mizrahi
Janice Meredith	director	E. Mason Hopper
Clouds of May	director	Nuri Bilge Ceylan
The Howards of Virginia	director	Frank Lloyd
Out for a Kill	director	Michael Oblowitz
Futuresport	director	Ernest Dickerson
Wall Street (1929 film)	director	Roy William Neill
English, Fitz or Percy (Prison Break)	director	Randall Zisk
Allen (Prison Break)	director	Michael W. Watkins
A Thousand Acres (film)	director	Jocelyn Moorhouse
All the Pretty Horses (film)	director	Billy Bob Thornton
Solaris (2002 film)	director	Steven Soderbergh
Marianne and Juliane	director	Margarethe von Trotta
Evil Under the Sun (1982 film)	director	Guy Hamilton
The Bellboy	director	Jerry Lewis
Shopping (film)	director	Paul W. S. Anderson
AC/DC: Let There Be Rock	director	Eric Dionysius
AC/DC: Let There Be Rock	director	Eric Mistler
Goldilocks and the Three Bares	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Blast-Off Girls	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
The Girl, the Body, and the Pill	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
The Alibi	director	Matt Checkowski
The Alibi	director	Kurt Mattila
The Safety of Objects	director	Rose Troche
I Am Dina	director	Ole Bornedal
The Transformers (TV series)	director	John Gibbs
The Secret of the Sword	director	Ed Friedman
The Secret of the Sword	director	Lou Kachivas
The Secret of the Sword	director	Marsh Lamore
The Secret of the Sword	director	Bill Reed
The Secret of the Sword	director	Gwen Wetzler
Caótica Ana	director	Julio Médem
The Caiman	director	Nanni Moretti
Fake (film)	director	Thanakorn Pongsuwan
Omen (film)	director	Thammarak Kamuttmanoch
David and Bathsheba	director	Henry King (director)
Ong Bak 2	director	Tony Jaa
Ong Bak 2	director	Panna Rittikrai
Scaramouche (1952 film)	director	George Sidney
Foundation E.G. Bührle	director	Lukas Gloor
Wordplay (film)	director	Patrick Creadon
White Noise: The Light	director	Patrick Lussier
Outside Out	director	Mike Gordon
Double Whammy (film)	director	Tom DiCillo
The Harvest (1993 film)	director	David Marconi
Orfeu	director	Carlos Diegues
Grindl	director	Charles Barton
Wild Hearts Can't Be Broken	director	Steve Miner
This Very Moment	director	Christoph Hochhäusler
A Taxing Woman's Return	director	Jūzō Itami
The New Legend Of Shaolin (film)	director	Wong Jing
The New Legend Of Shaolin (film)	director	Corey Yuen
Arch of Triumph (1985 film)	director	Waris Hussein
The Big Trees	director	Felix E. Feist
Vengeance Valley	director	Richard Thorpe
Volver	director	Pedro Almodóvar
Gervaise	director	René Clément
Chai Lai	director	Poj Arnon
A New Leaf	director	Elaine May
My Super Ex-Girlfriend	director	Ivan Reitman
Spider Riders	director	Kōichi Mashimo
A Place Called Chiapas	director	Nettie Wild
Mr. and Mrs. Khiladi	director	David Dhawan
TV Heaven, Telly Hell	director	Lissa Evans
The Guru (1969 film)	director	James Ivory (director)
My Old Lady	director	Marc Buckland
My Bad	director	Marc Buckland
Saint Ralph	director	Michael McGowan
When Night Is Falling	director	Patricia Rozema
Baltic Storm	director	Reuben Leder
The Householder	director	James Ivory (director)
Bombay Talkie	director	James Ivory (director)
Away from Her	director	Sarah Polley
Zona Zamfirova (film)	director	Zdravko Šotra
Boca (The Sopranos)	director	Andy Wolk
Welcome to Collinwood	director	Russo brothers
Welcome to Collinwood	director	Russo brothers
The Acid House (film)	director	Paul McGuigan (filmmaker)
Church Ball	director	Kurt Hale
One Leg Kicking	director	Khoo Koh
Issues 101	director	John Lincoln
Lock Up (film)	director	John Flynn (director)
M. Kumaran S/O Mahalakshmi	director	M. Raja
I Dream of Jeannie Cusamano	director	John Patterson (director)
Backdancers!	director	Kozo Nagayama
Alligator (film)	director	Lewis Teague
Alligator (film)  Alligator II: The Mutation   1	director	Jon Hess (director)
Keeper of the Flame (film)	director	George Cukor
Hullabaloo Over Georgie and Bonnie's Pictures	director	James Ivory (director)
Autobiography of a Princess	director	James Ivory (director)
Remember the Night	director	Mitchell Leisen
From Where to Eternity	director	Henry J. Bronchtein
If These Walls Could Talk	director	Nancy Savoca
If These Walls Could Talk	director	Cher
Bust Out	director	John Patterson (director)
The Emperor's New Clothes (2001 film)	director	Alan Taylor (director)
Animated Stories from the Bible	director	Richard Rich (director)
Désirée (film)	director	Henry Koster
Madame Sousatzka	director	John Schlesinger
Rojo Amanecer	director	Jorge Fons
Fail Safe (2000 TV)	director	Stephen Frears
Kinjite: Forbidden Subjects	director	J. Lee Thompson
Sammy and Rosie Get Laid	director	Stephen Frears
Explorers (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Cliff Bole
The Bridge (2006 film)	director	Eric Steel
Angela (1995 film)	director	Rebecca Miller
Shallow Ground	director	Sheldon Wilson
Little Vera	director	Vasili Pichul
Cleopatra (1963 film)	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Cleopatra (1963 film)	director	Darryl F. Zanuck
Cleopatra (1963 film)	director	Rouben Mamoulian
Executioners from Shaolin	director	Lau Kar-leung
Grand Slam (1967 film)	director	Giuliano Montaldo
Charlie Ve'hetzi	director	Boaz Davidson
Sorority Babes in the Slimeball Bowl-O-Rama	director	David DeCoteau
Priyamana Thozhi	director	Vikraman
The Knight in White Satin Armor	director	Allen Coulter
True Blue (1996 film)	director	Ferdinand Fairfax
Let 'Em Eat Cake (Arrested Development)	director	Paul Feig
Street Scenes	director	Martin Scorsese
Circus World (film)	director	Henry Hathaway
For All Debts Public and Private	director	Allen Coulter
Sin-Jin Smyth	director	Ethan Dettenmaier
Johnny Cakes (The Sopranos)	director	Tim Van Patten
Lupin III: Legend of the Gold of Babylon	director	Seijun Suzuki
Farewell to Nostradamus	director	Shunya Itō
Rupan Sansei: Dead or Alive	director	Monkey Punch
Rajamanikyam	director	Anwar Rasheed
The Snow Walker	director	Charles Martin Smith
Today with Kris Aquino	director	Romy Veron
Nick Knight (film)	director	Farhad Mann
She (film)	director	Robert Day (director)
Adventures Into Digital Comics	director	Sébastien Dumesnil
Man of Marble	director	Andrzej Wajda
The Four Musketeers (film)	director	Richard Lester
The Return of the Musketeers	director	Richard Lester
The Mean Season	director	Phillip Borsos
Beautiful Joe (film)	director	Stephen Metcalfe
Eagle in a Cage	director	Fielder Cook
Don (1978 film)	director	Don (1978 film)
Ring of Darkness	director	David DeCoteau
Dumm Dumm Dumm	director	Azhagam Perumal
Dasavathaaram	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Wolves of Wall Street	director	David DeCoteau
Love Is the Devil: Study for a Portrait of Francis Bacon	director	John Maybury
The One with the Proposal	director	Kevin Bright
No Show	director	John Patterson (director)
House Arrest (The Sopranos)	director	Tim Van Patten
Leeches!	director	David DeCoteau
Voice of the City	director	Willard Mack
The Brotherhood (2001 film)	director	David DeCoteau
The Forest (2002 film)	director	Leonel Vieira
One Deadly Summer	director	Jean Becker (director)
Sleepless Nights (film)	director	William Hopkins (film maker)
New York Doll	director	Greg Whiteley
Strip Search (film)	director	Sidney Lumet
Billy Bathgate (film)	director	Robert Benton
Border (film)	director	J. P. Dutta
Prahaar: The Final Attack	director	Nana Patekar
Masoom (1983 film)	director	Shekhar Kapur
Woh Saat Din	director	Bapu (artist)
Satte Pe Satta	director	Raj N. Sippy
The Star Chamber	director	Peter Hyams
I'll Be There (2003 film)	director	Craig Ferguson
Wannabe (short film)	director	Frances Bathory
Nobody Knows Anything	director	Henry J. Bronchtein
Isabella (The Sopranos)	director	Henry J. Bronchtein
The Amazing Dr. Clitterhouse	director	Anatole Litvak
Puritan Passions	director	Frank Tuttle
The Beat That My Heart Skipped	director	Jacques Audiard
Daens (film)	director	Stijn Coninx
Troll 3	director	Joe D'Amato
Troll 3	director	Fabrizio Laurenti
Christopher (The Sopranos)	director	Tim Van Patten
Rupert and the Frog Song	director	Geoff Dunbar
Pelicanman	director	Liisa Helminen
Not Without My Daughter (Arrested Development)	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
The Slaughter Rule	director	Alex Smith (filmmaker)
The Slaughter Rule	director	Andrew J. Smith (filmmaker)
The Dukes of Hazzard: Reunion!	director	Lewis Teague
Nalini by Day, Nancy by Night	director	Sonali Gulati
Elvis on Tour	director	Robert Abel (animator)
Wild Things: Diamonds in the Rough	director	Jay Lowi
Look Who's Stalking	director	Michael Fields (director)
Uuno Turhapuro – This Is My Life	director	Ere Kokkonen
Barbary Coast (TV series)	director	Alex Grasshoff
Barbary Coast (TV series)	director	Don Weis
Mildred Pierce (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Yam Yasothon	director	Petchtai Wongkamlao
The Mistress of Spices (film)	director	Paul Mayeda Berges
The Immortals (1995 film)	director	Brian Grant (director)
Lily C.A.T.	director	Hisayuki Toriumi
Your Studio and You	director	Trey Parker
Golmaal (2006 film)	director	Rohit Shetty
Naam (2010 film)	director	Anees Bazmee
We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story (film)	director	Ralph Zondag
We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story (film)	director	Phil Nibbelink
We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story (film)	director	Simon Wells
Salome's Last Dance	director	Ken Russell
Big Brother Trouble	director	Rafe M. Portilo
The Syrian Bride	director	Eran Riklis
The Man Who Wouldn't Die	director	Bill Condon
Driving Miss Wealthy	director	James Yuen
Baghdad ER	director	Jon Alpert
Baghdad ER	director	Matthew O'Neill (filmmaker)
Kaadhal Kondein	director	Selvaraghavan
Raavanaprabhu	director	Ranjith (director)
Kranti	director	Manoj Kumar
Shaan (film)	director	Ramesh Sippy
Padosan	director	Jyoti Swaroop
Bright Lights, Big City (film)	director	James Bridges
Ram Aur Shyam	director	Tapi Chanakya
The Man Who Captured Eichmann	director	William A. Graham (director)
Qurbani (1980 film)	director	Feroz Khan
Purab Aur Paschim	director	Manoj Kumar
Madhumati	director	Bimal Roy
Dark Waters (1994 film)	director	Mariano Baino
The Positively True Adventures of the Alleged Texas Cheerleader-Murdering Mom	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Rollin' with the Nines	director	Julian Gilbey
Dutch (film)	director	Peter Faiman
The Weight (The Sopranos)	director	Jack Bender
The White Balloon	director	Jafar Panahi
Air Bud: Golden Receiver	director	Richard Martin (director)
Family Business (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	René Auberjonois (actor)
Pygmalion (1938 film)	director	Anthony Asquith
Pygmalion (1938 film)	director	Leslie Howard (actor)
Why Worry?	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Why Worry?	director	Sam Taylor (director)
The Junior Mint	director	Tom Cherones
Watchmen (film)	director	Zack Snyder
Breezy	director	Clint Eastwood
Bronco Billy	director	Clint Eastwood
Honkytonk Man	director	Clint Eastwood
Movie Crazy	director	Clyde Bruckman
Movie Crazy	director	Harold Lloyd
La Luna (film)	director	Bernardo Bertolucci
Besieged (film)	director	Bernardo Bertolucci
American Gangster (film)	director	Ridley Scott
Ladies of the Mob	director	William A. Wellman
Enemies of Women	director	Alan Crosland
Hoop-La	director	Frank Lloyd
Teacher's Aide (The New Twilight Zone)	director	B.W.L. Norton
The Godless Girl	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Pet Sematary (film)	director	Mary Lambert
Calling All Cars (The Sopranos)	director	Tim Van Patten
Queen of the Northwoods	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Blot	director	Phillips Smalley
The Blot	director	Lois Weber
Eloise (The Sopranos)	director	James Hayman
The Alarmist (film)	director	Evan Dunsky
Whitecaps (The Sopranos)	director	John Patterson (director)
Geronimo: An American Legend	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
An Evening in Paris	director	Shakti Samanta
Hyderabad Blues	director	Nagesh Kukunoor
Jewel Thief	director	Vijay Anand (Hindi film maker)
Death in Gaza	director	James Miller (filmmaker)
Tragedy of a Ridiculous Man	director	Bernardo Bertolucci
Paarthale Paravasam	director	K. Balachander
Chameleon (The Twilight Zone)	director	Wes Craven
This Is the Sea (film)	director	Mary McGuckian
Pyaar Mein Kabhi Kabhi	director	Raj Kaushal
She-Wolf of London (film)	director	Jean Yarbrough
Fando y Lis	director	Alejandro Jodorowsky
The 24th Day	director	Tony Piccirillo
Daft Punk's Electroma	director	Daft Punk
My Screw Up	director	Chris Koch
Dark Descent	director	Daniel Knauf
Call to Greatness	director	Austin Reading
Air Bud: World Pup	director	Bill Bannerman
Air Bud: Seventh Inning Fetch	director	Robert Vince
Air Bud: Spikes Back	director	Mike Southon (cinematographer)
Five for Hell	director	Gianfranco Parolini
Gilligan's Planet	director	Hal Sutherland
Murder on the Orient Express (1974 film)	director	Sidney Lumet
Tom, Dick, and Harry (2006 film)	director	Deepak Tijori
The Thorn	director	Peter McWilliams
Jinxed!	director	Don Siegel
Divine Madness (film)	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
3 Needles	director	Thom Fitzgerald
Weirdsister College	director	Alex Kirby
Weirdsister College	director	Stefan Pleszczynski
Lesa Lesa	director	Priyadarshan
Morvern Callar (film)	director	Lynne Ramsay
Desiya Geetham	director	Cheran (director)
An Aerial Joy Ride	director	Charles Reed
Dagon (film)	director	Stuart Gordon
Barney's Great Adventure	director	Steve Gomer
The Dark Hours	director	Paul Fox (director)
Feet First	director	Clyde Bruckman
Georgia Rule	director	Garry Marshall
Pie-O-My	director	Henry J. Bronchtein
Cleopatra (1917 film)	director	J. Gordon Edwards
MVP: Most Valuable Primate	director	Robert Vince
At Land	director	Maya Deren
Soccer Dog: The Movie	director	Tony Giglio
Soccer Dog: European Cup	director	Sandy Tung
Hardly Working	director	Jerry Lewis
Santa vs. the Snowman 3D	director	John A. Davis
Fortune and Men's Eyes	director	Harvey Hart
Telling Lies in America	director	Guy Ferland
Stormy Weather (1943 film)	director	Andrew L. Stone
Max Havoc: Curse of the Dragon	director	Albert Pyun
Raavan	director	Mani Ratnam
Occupation (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Sergio Mimica-Gezzan
Pandavar Bhoomi	director	Cheran (director)
Anbe Aaruyire (2005 film)	director	S. J. Surya
Ullam Ketkumae	director	Jeeva (director)
For Heaven's Sake (1926 film)	director	Sam Taylor (director)
Attagasam	director	Saran (director)
The Kid Brother	director	Ted Wilde
The Kid Brother	director	J.A. Howe
The Kid Brother	director	Harold Lloyd
The Kid Brother	director	Lewis Milestone
The Wild Child	director	François Truffaut
Biggles: Adventures in Time	director	John Hough (director)
De Lift	director	Dick Maas
Jayam	director	M. Raja
Mediterraneo	director	Gabriele Salvatores
CHiPs '99	director	Jon Cassar
Live at Home (Nickelback DVD)	director	Nigel Dick
Virumaandi	director	Kamal Haasan
Greatest Video Hits 1	director	Bruce Gowers
Vacuuming Completely Nude in Paradise	director	Danny Boyle
The Delicate Delinquent	director	Don McGuire
The Bugs Bunny/Road Runner Movie	director	Chuck Jones
The Bugs Bunny/Road Runner Movie	director	Phil Monroe
Shanghai Ghetto (film)	director	Amir Mann
Shanghai Ghetto (film)	director	Dana Janklowicz-Mann
Mysterious Island (1961 film)	director	Cy Endfield
Bugs Bunny: Superstar	director	Larry Jackson (director)
Tweety's High-Flying Adventure	director	Charles Visser
The Looney Looney Looney Bugs Bunny Movie	director	Friz Freleng
Mixed Nuts	director	Nora Ephron
My Own Personal Jesus	director	Jeff Melman
18 Fingers of Death!	director	James Lew
The Ugly Dachshund	director	Norman Tokar
Dahmer (film)	director	David Jacobson (director)
Der Todesking	director	Jörg Buttgereit
The Ride (The Sopranos)	director	Alan Taylor (director)
Life Support (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Reza Badiyi
Germany, Year Zero	director	Roberto Rossellini
Terror-Creatures from the Grave	director	Massimo Pupillo
Vasool Raja MBBS	director	Saran (director)
The Last Metro	director	François Truffaut
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: The Crystal Bearers	director	Toshiyuki Itahana
The Last Kiss	director	Tony Goldwyn
Hollywood or Bust	director	Frank Tashlin
Final Fantasy Versus XIII	director	Tetsuya Nomura
Folklore (video game)	director	Yoshiki Okamoto
Moonrunners	director	Gy Waldron
Air Buddies	director	Robert Vince
Happy Go Lucky (Veronica Mars)	director	Steve Gomer
The Stock Tip	director	Tom Cherones
The Ex-Girlfriend	director	Tom Cherones
The Pony Remark	director	Tom Cherones
The Phone Message	director	Tom Cherones
The Apartment (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Statue	director	Tom Cherones
The Heart Attack	director	Tom Cherones
The Revenge (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Deal (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Baby Shower (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Chinese Restaurant	director	Tom Cherones
The Busboy	director	Tom Cherones
The Note (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Truth (Seinfeld)	director	David Steinberg
The Dog (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Parking Garage	director	Tom Cherones
The Cafe (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Nose Job	director	Tom Cherones
The Tape	director	David Steinberg
The Stranded	director	Tom Cherones
The Alternate Side	director	Tom Cherones
The Red Dot	director	Tom Cherones
The Subway (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Pez Dispenser	director	Tom Cherones
The Fix-Up	director	Tom Cherones
The Suicide (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Boyfriend (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Limo (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Good Samaritan (Seinfeld)	director	Jason Alexander
The Letter (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Keys	director	Tom Cherones
The Pitch (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Parking Space	director	Tom Cherones
The Ticket (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Wallet	director	Tom Cherones
The Watch	director	Tom Cherones
The Opera (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Virgin (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Airport	director	Tom Cherones
The Pick	director	Tom Cherones
The Visa	director	Tom Cherones
The Movie	director	Tom Cherones
The Shoes	director	Tom Cherones
The Outing	director	Tom Cherones
The Old Man	director	Tom Cherones
The Smelly Car	director	Tom Cherones
The Implant	director	Tom Cherones
The Handicap Spot	director	Tom Cherones
The Pilot (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Mango	director	Tom Cherones
The Glasses	director	Tom Cherones
The Bris	director	Tom Cherones
The Sniffing Accountant	director	Tom Cherones
The Lip Reader	director	Tom Cherones
Hatchet (film)	director	Adam Green (filmmaker)
U-Carmen eKhayelitsha	director	Mark Dornford-May
The Oklahoma Kid	director	Lloyd Bacon
Aashiq Banaya Aapne	director	Aditya Datt
On the Nameless Height	director	Vyacheslav Nikiforov
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants (film)	director	Ken Kwapis
Super Mario Galaxy	director	Yoshiaki Koizumi
Star Fox Command	director	Q-Games
Ingagi	director	William S. Campbell
Clownhouse	director	Victor Salva
You Only Live Twice (film)	director	Lewis Gilbert
Subconscious Cruelty	director	Karim Hussain
Bean (film)	director	Mel Smith
Race the Sun	director	Charles T. Kanganis
The Hot Rock (film)	director	Peter Yates
Bank Shot	director	Gower Champion
A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square (film)	director	Ralph Thomas
The Badlanders	director	Delmer Daves
Down in the Valley (film)	director	David Jacobson (director)
The Caddy	director	Norman Taurog
The Last War (1961 film)	director	Shūe Matsubayashi
The Sad Sack	director	George Marshall (director)
Horrors of the Black Museum	director	Arthur Crabtree
Year of the Comet	director	Peter Yates
The Day They Robbed the Bank of England	director	John Guillermin
Bellman and True	director	Richard Loncraine
The Human Vapor	director	Ishirō Honda
Face (1997 film)	director	Antonia Bird
Going in Style	director	Martin Brest
Where the Money Is	director	Marek Kanievska
Never a Dull Moment (1968 film)	director	Jerry Paris
11 Harrowhouse	director	Aram Avakian
The Split	director	Gordon Flemyng
Johnny Handsome	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
The Adventure of Sudsakorn	director	Payut Ngaokrachang
Cops and Robbers (1973 film)	director	Aram Avakian
Why Me? (1990 film)	director	Gene Quintano
Family Business (film)	director	Sidney Lumet
Battle in Outer Space	director	Ishirō Honda
The Anderson Tapes	director	Sidney Lumet
Rough Cut (1980 film)	director	Don Siegel
No Deposit, No Return	director	Norman Tokar
A Piece of the Action (film)	director	Sidney Poitier
Once in the Life	director	Laurence Fishburne
Tuck Everlasting (2002 film)	director	Jay Russell
Number 13 (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Evilspeak	director	Eric Weston
The Gymnast	director	Andy Ackerman
The Race (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Fusilli Jerry	director	Andy Ackerman
The Soul Mate	director	Andy Ackerman
The Fatigues	director	Andy Ackerman
The Little Kicks	director	Andy Ackerman
The Package (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Checks	director	Andy Ackerman
The Chicken Roaster	director	Andy Ackerman
The Abstinence	director	Andy Ackerman
The Andrea Doria	director	Andy Ackerman
The Little Jerry	director	Andy Ackerman
Iphigenia (film)	director	Michael Cacoyannis
The Money	director	Andy Ackerman
The Van Buren Boys	director	Andy Ackerman
The Susie	director	Andy Ackerman
The Pothole	director	Andy Ackerman
The Nap	director	Andy Ackerman
The English Patient (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Millennium (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Yada Yada	director	Andy Ackerman
The Muffin Tops	director	Andy Ackerman
The Summer of George	director	Andy Ackerman
The Voice (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Butter Shave	director	Andy Ackerman
The Blood (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Junk Mail	director	Andy Ackerman
The Merv Griffin Show (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Serenity Now	director	Andy Ackerman
The Betrayal	director	Andy Ackerman
The Strike (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Dealership	director	Andy Ackerman
The Strong Box	director	Andy Ackerman
The Wizard (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Burning (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Frogger	director	Andy Ackerman
The Bookstore	director	Andy Ackerman
The Puerto Rican Day	director	Andy Ackerman
The Chronicle (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
Our Wife	director	James W. Horne
Muqaddar Ka Sikandar	director	Prakash Mehra
Everybody Hurts (The Sopranos)	director	Steve Buscemi
Watching Too Much Television	director	John Patterson (director)
Jab Jab Phool Khile	director	Suraj Prakash
Whoever Did This	director	Tim Van Patten
Upkar	director	Manoj Kumar
Johny Mera Naam	director	Vijay Anand
Maytime (film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
C.I.D. (1956 film)	director	Raj Khosla
Baazi (1951 film)	director	Guru Dutt
Future's End	director	David Livingston
Future's End	director	Cliff Bole
Aan	director	Mehboob Khan
Watt on Earth	director	Roger Singleton-Turner
Le Doulos	director	Jean-Pierre Melville
Haze (video game)	director	David Doak
It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
The Top of His Head	director	Peter Mettler
Sex in Chains	director	William Dieterle
You're in the Super Bowl, Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
The Indian in the Cupboard (film)	director	Frank Oz
Ernst Thälmann (film)	director	Kurt Maetzig
John Tucker Must Die	director	Betty Thomas
The One Percent	director	Jamie Johnson (filmmaker)
Turistas	director	John Stockwell (actor)
The Poseidon Adventure (2005 film)	director	John Putch
Cat-Women of the Moon	director	Arthur Hilton
Above and Beyond (film)	director	Melvin Frank
Above and Beyond (film)	director	Norman Panama
Prince Vladimir (film)	director	Yuriy Kulakov
My Boss's Daughter	director	David Zucker (filmmaker)
The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh	director	Gilbert Moses
The Day of the Locust (film)	director	John Schlesinger
The Thief Who Came to Dinner	director	Bud Yorkin
1 More Hit	director	Shauna Garr
Switchback (film)	director	Jeb Stuart (writer)
Mr. Brooks	director	Bruce A. Evans
I Trust You to Kill Me	director	Manu Boyer
Vacancy (film)	director	Nimród Antal
Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars (film)	director	D. A. Pennebaker
Kanoon	director	Baldev Raj Chopra
I.K.U.	director	Shu Lea Cheang
Tyler Perry's House of Payne	director	Tyler Perry
Tyler Perry's House of Payne	director	Kim Fields
Tyler Perry's House of Payne	director	Chip Fields
Butterfly (1999 film)	director	José Luis Cuerda
Desyat Negrityat	director	Stanislav Govorukhin
Forest Warrior	director	Aaron Norris
Stormy Monday	director	Mike Figgis
Malamaal Weekly	director	Priyadarshan
Candyman 2: Farewell to the Flesh	director	Bill Condon
The Frightening	director	David DeCoteau
Final Stab	director	David DeCoteau
Speed Demon (film)	director	David DeCoteau
Poison Ivy: The New Seduction	director	Kurt Voss
Killer Bash	director	David DeCoteau
Amar Prem	director	Shakti Samanta
Lovelife	director	Jon Harmon Feldman
Beverly Hills Brats	director	Jim Sotos
Witches of the Caribbean	director	David DeCoteau
Best Defense	director	Willard Huyck
Sweet Sixteen (1983 film)	director	Jim Sotos
The Sisterhood (film)	director	David DeCoteau
Nayak (2001 film)	director	S. Shankar
The Iron Ladies (film)	director	Yongyoot Thongkongtoon
Earth Angel (film)	director	Joe Napolitano
Beastly Boyz	director	David DeCoteau
Shining Victory	director	Irving Rapper
Down Three Dark Streets	director	Arnold Laven
Shadow Conspiracy	director	George P. Cosmatos
When in Rome (1952 film)	director	Clarence Brown
Kassandra (TV series)	director	Grazio D'Angelo
Kassandra (TV series)	director	Olegario Barrera
Guncrazy	director	Tamra Davis
Pumpkinhead: Ashes to Ashes	director	Jake West
Do Raaste	director	Raj Khosla
Pumpkinhead: Blood Feud	director	Michael Hurst
Sachaa Jhutha	director	Manmohan Desai
Kati Patang	director	Shakti Samanta
Barsaat Ki Ek Raat	director	Shakti Samanta
Shor (film)	director	Manoj Kumar
Zapped Again!	director	Doug Campbell (director)
The Strong, Silent Type	director	Alan Taylor (director)
Umut	director	Yılmaz Güney
Hum Kisi Se Kum Nahin	director	Nasir Hussain
Scarecrow (2002 film)	director	Emmanuel Itier
Land of the Blind	director	Robert Edwards (film director)
Vivacious Lady	director	George Stevens
L'onorevole Angelina	director	Luigi Zampa
Zavallılar	director	Yılmaz Güney
The Lower Depths (1957 film)	director	Akira Kurosawa
Bloody Mallory	director	Julien Magnat
Demonlover	director	Olivier Assayas
Savages (1972 film)	director	James Ivory (director)
A Perfect Day (film)	director	Joana Hadjithomas
A Perfect Day (film)	director	Khalil Joreige
My Last Day	director	Michael Spiller
Doña Bárbara (1943 film)	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Doña Bárbara (1943 film)	director	Miguel M. Delgado
Doña Bárbara (1998 film)	director	Betty Kaplan
El Pez que Fuma	director	Román Chalbaud
Baiju Bawra (1952 film)	director	Vijay Bhatt
Tale of Tales (film)	director	Yuriy Norshteyn
The Heart of Steel	director	Angelo J. Guglielmo, Jr.
Equilibrium (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Cliff Bole
Warning: Parental Advisory	director	Mark Waters (director)
Never Cry Wolf (film)	director	Carroll Ballard
Waikiki Wedding	director	Frank Tuttle
The Pelican Brief (film)	director	Alan J. Pakula
Footpath (2003 film)	director	Vikram Bhatt
Incident On and Off a Mountain Road	director	Don Coscarelli
H. P. Lovecraft's Dreams in the Witch-House	director	Stuart Gordon
Dance of the Dead (Masters of Horror)	director	Tobe Hooper
Jenifer (Masters of Horror)	director	Dario Argento
Fairy Idol	director	Butch Hartman
Chocolate (Masters of Horror)	director	Mick Garris
Deer Woman (Masters of Horror)	director	John Landis
John Carpenter's Cigarette Burns	director	John Carpenter
Fair-Haired Child	director	William Malone (director)
Sick Girl (Masters of Horror)	director	Lucky McKee
Pick Me Up (Masters of Horror)	director	Larry Cohen
Imprint (Masters of Horror)	director	Takashi Miike
Haeckel's Tale	director	John McNaughton
When the Whales Came	director	Clive Rees
C.I.D. (TV series)	director	B. P. Singh
Popcorn (2007 film)	director	Darren Fisher
Romance in Manhattan	director	Stephen Roberts (director)
Badsha	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
Under the Rainbow	director	Steve Rash
Big Helium Dog	director	Brian Lynch (writer)
The Karate Dog	director	Bob Clark
¿Quién es el señor López?	director	Luis Mandoki
A Primitive Man's Career to Civilization	director	Cherry Kearton
Das Mirakel (1912 film)	director	Max Reinhardt
Das Mirakel (1912 film)	director	Cherry Kearton
Roosevelt in Africa	director	Cherry Kearton
20 Fingers (film)	director	Mania Akbari
The Boy from Mercury	director	Martin Duffy
Puff, Puff, Pass	director	Mekhi Phifer
Tulsa (film)	director	Stuart Heisler
Eaten Alive	director	Tobe Hooper
The Mangler (film)	director	Tobe Hooper
Land Without Bread	director	Luis Buñuel
Flight of the Intruder	director	John Milius
Ninja III: The Domination	director	Sam Firstenberg
Enter the Ninja	director	Menahem Golan
Five Finger Exercise (film)	director	Daniel Mann
Enchanted (film)	director	Kevin Lima
Battlefield Baseball	director	Yūdai Yamaguchi
Ancient Mysteries	director	Tim Evans (director)
Ancient Mysteries	director	Marshall Flaum
Torture Garden (film)	director	Freddie Francis
Mexican Slayride	director	Rod Holcomb
One Missed Call (2004 film)	director	Takashi Miike
Chaos and Creation at Abbey Road	director	Simon Hilton
Country Life (film)	director	Michael Blakemore
Marock	director	Laïla Marrakchi
Stiffy (film)	director	Jacqueline Wright
Mere Jeevan Saathi (2006 film)	director	Suneel Darshan
Nightmare Castle	director	Mario Caiano
Dèmoni 2	director	Lamberto Bava
House II: The Second Story	director	Ethan Wiley
The Horror Show	director	James Isaac
House IV	director	Lewis Abernathy
The Fine Art of Love: Mine Ha-Ha	director	John Irvin
Reflections in a Golden Eye (film)	director	John Huston
Roman (film)	director	Angela Bettis
Manson (film)	director	Robert Hendrickson (director)
Manson (film)	director	Laurence Merrick
That Lady	director	Terence Young (director)
Woman in a Dressing Gown	director	J. Lee Thompson
When the Cat's Away (1996 film)	director	Cédric Klapisch
Riens du tout	director	Cédric Klapisch
A Touch of Class (Fawlty Towers)	director	John Howard Davies
Hell Below	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
The Ghost Galleon	director	Amando de Ossorio
Far Side of the Moon (film)	director	Robert Lepage
Moe n' Joe	director	Steve Shill
Hot to Trot	director	Michael Dinner
Ali Zaoua	director	Nabil Ayouch
Occasional Wife	director	Danny Dayton
Occasional Wife	director	Paul Junger Witt
Occasional Wife	director	Ernest Pintoff
What to Do in Case of Fire?	director	Gregor Schnitzler
Lucky Loser	director	Adisorn Tresirikasem
Checking Out (2005 film)	director	Jeff Hare
Amos & Andrew	director	E. Max Frye
The Messengers (film)	director	Pang brothers
Bas Itna Sa Khwaab Hai	director	Goldie Behl
The Caveman's Valentine	director	Kasi Lemmons
Golden Years (TV programme)	director	Blake Bedford
Tombs of the Blind Dead	director	Amando de Ossorio
Chickens Come Home	director	James W. Horne
Return of the Blind Dead	director	Amando de Ossorio
Okkadu	director	Gunasekhar
Night of the Seagulls	director	Amando de Ossorio
A Great and Terrible Beauty    1	director	Charles Sturridge
Not Pictured	director	John T. Kretchmer
The Lonely Voice of Man	director	Alexander Sokurov
Joker's Favor	director	Boyd Kirkland
The Degraded	director	Alexander Sokurov
The Wonderful Ice Cream Suit	director	Stuart Gordon
Uuno Epsanjassa	director	Ere Kokkonen
The Million Pound Note	director	Ronald Neame
The Young Ones (film)	director	Sidney J. Furie
Alien Abduction: Incident in Lake County	director	Dean Alioto
Angel's Dance	director	David L. Corley
Darna Zaroori Hai	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Darna Zaroori Hai	director	J. D. Chakravarthy
Darna Zaroori Hai	director	Manish Gupta
The Hard Way (1991 film)	director	John Badham
The Man in the Iron Mask (1998 film)	director	Randall Wallace
Roti (1974 film)	director	Manmohan Desai
Haqeeqat	director	Chetan Anand (director)
Ayee Milan Ki Bela	director	Mohan Kumar
Satyakam	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Mergers and Acquisitions (The Sopranos)	director	Dan Attias
Fantasy Mission Force	director	Chu Yen-ping
Top Banana (film)	director	Alfred E. Green
The Loner	director	Norman Foster (director)
The Loner	director	Paul Henreid
The Loner	director	Larry Peerce
The Loner	director	Joseph Pevney
The Loner	director	Don Taylor (director)
Mournful Unconcern	director	Alexander Sokurov
High Freakquency	director	Tony Singletary
The Finale (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The War Tapes	director	Deborah Scranton
Dallas: J.R. Returns	director	Leonard Katzman
Conceiving Ada	director	Lynn Hershman Leeson
6 Angels	director	Makoto Kobayashi (born 1960)
Pratigya	director	Dulal Guha
Chacha Bhatija	director	Manmohan Desai
Kartavya (1979 film)	director	Mohan Segal
Katilon Ke Kaatil	director	Anil Hingorani
Katilon Ke Kaatil	director	Arjun Hingorani
Qayamat	director	Raj N. Sippy
The Builders	director	John Howard Davies
Ghulami	director	J. P. Dutta
Hathyar (2002 film)	director	Mahesh Manjrekar
Sangam (film)	director	Raj Kapoor
Podium (film)	director	Yann Moix
Majboor	director	Ravi Tandon
Parvarish (1977 film)	director	Manmohan Desai
Kasme Vaade	director	Ramesh Behl
Khud-Daar	director	Ravi Tandon
Namak Halaal	director	Prakash Mehra
Fortress 2: Re-Entry	director	Geoff Murphy
Namak Haraam	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Aar Paar	director	Guru Dutt
A Perfect Little Man	director	Jeff Hare
The Landlord	director	Hal Ashby
My Friend Irma (film)	director	George Marshall (director)
God of Gamblers III: Back to Shanghai	director	Wong Jing
Badal	director	Raj Kanwar
America: Freedom to Fascism	director	Aaron Russo
The Non-Fat Yogurt	director	Tom Cherones
The Barber (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Masseuse (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Cigar Store Indian	director	Tom Cherones
The Conversion (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Dinner Party (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Stall	director	Tom Cherones
The Marine Biologist	director	Tom Cherones
The Stand In	director	Tom Cherones
The Wife	director	Tom Cherones
The Fire (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Hamptons (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
The Pie	director	Tom Cherones
The Chaperone (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Big Salad	director	Andy Ackerman
The Pledge Drive	director	Andy Ackerman
The Chinese Woman	director	Andy Ackerman
The Couch	director	Andy Ackerman
The Opposite	director	Tom Cherones
The Mom & Pop Store	director	Andy Ackerman
The Soup (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Secretary	director	David Owen Trainor
The Switch	director	Andy Ackerman
The Label Maker	director	Andy Ackerman
The Scofflaw	director	Andy Ackerman
The Beard	director	Andy Ackerman
The Highlights of 100	director	Andy Ackerman
The Doorman	director	Andy Ackerman
The Kiss Hello	director	Andy Ackerman
The Jimmy	director	Andy Ackerman
The Doodle	director	Andy Ackerman
The Face Painter	director	Andy Ackerman
The Postponement	director	Andy Ackerman
The Diplomat's Club	director	Andy Ackerman
The Maestro	director	Andy Ackerman
The Wink (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Hot Tub	director	Andy Ackerman
The Secret Code (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Soup Nazi	director	Andy Ackerman
The Pool Guy	director	Andy Ackerman
The Sponge	director	Andy Ackerman
The Rye	director	Andy Ackerman
The Gum	director	Andy Ackerman
The Caddy (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Seven	director	Andy Ackerman
The Cadillac (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Foundation (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Shower Head	director	Andy Ackerman
The Wait Out	director	Andy Ackerman
The Doll (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Friar's Club	director	Andy Ackerman
The Wig Master	director	Andy Ackerman
The Calzone	director	Andy Ackerman
Big Brown Eyes	director	Raoul Walsh
Bataan (film)	director	Tay Garnett
The Understudy (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari (2005 film)	director	David Lee Fisher
Treasure Island (1972 film)	director	John Hough (director)
The Reckoning (2003 film)	director	Paul McGuigan (filmmaker)
The Maid (Seinfeld)	director	Andy Ackerman
Things Behind the Sun	director	Allison Anders
Khel Khel Mein	director	Ravi Tandon
Be Kind Rewind	director	Michel Gondry
Who Killed Who?	director	Tex Avery
Kaise Kahoon Ke... Pyaar Hai	director	Anil Kumaar Sharma
Knock on Any Door	director	Nicholas Ray
Game Day	director	Milčo Mančevski
The Target (The Wire)	director	Clark Johnson
The Psychotronic Man	director	Jack M. Sell
Heavy Rain	director	David Cage
This Property Is Condemned	director	Sydney Pollack
Hadh Kar Di Aapne	director	Manoj Agrawal
Overkill (Murder Most Horrid episode)	director	Bob Spiers
Century Hotel	director	David Weaver
Happy (2006 film)	director	A. Karunakaran
Empire (1986 film)	director	Alexander Sokurov
Terror Firmer	director	Lloyd Kaufman
Naked in New York	director	Daniel Algrant
Gadar: Ek Prem Katha	director	Anil Sharma
Jesse James Meets Frankenstein's Daughter	director	William Beaudine
The Volga Boatman (film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Bonfire of the Vanities (film)	director	Brian De Palma
Hell (2005 film)	director	Danis Tanović
Ankahee (2006 film)	director	Vikram Bhatt
Homeward Bound II: Lost in San Francisco	director	David R. Ellis
Zindaggi Rocks	director	Tanuja Chandra
Hav Plenty	director	Christopher Scott Cherot
House Arrest (film)	director	Harry Winer
Junglee	director	Subodh Mukherjee
The Emerald Forest	director	John Boorman
Vivah	director	Sooraj R. Barjatya
Majaa	director	Shafi (director)
Wild West (TV series)	director	Jonathan Gershfield
Wild West (TV series)	director	Juliet May
Married Life (film)	director	Ira Sachs
Premante Idera	director	Jayanth C. Paranjee
Dhool	director	S. Dharani
Tali-Ihantala 1944	director	Åke Lindman
Tali-Ihantala 1944	director	Sakari Kirjavainen
Raja Kumarudu	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
One Night Stand (1997 film)	director	Mike Figgis
The Terminal Man (film)	director	Mike Hodges
The Alaskans	director	Leslie Goodwins
The Alaskans	director	Richard Gordon
The Alaskans	director	Charles F. Haas
The Alaskans	director	Jesse Hibbs
The Alaskans	director	Leslie H. Martinson
The Alaskans	director	William A. Seiter
The Alaskans	director	Robert Sparr
The Alaskans	director	Herbert L. Strock
The Alaskans	director	Jacques Tourneur
The Alaskans	director	George Waggner
Sivakasi (film)	director	Perarasu
Khan Kluay	director	Kompin Kemgumnird
Arinthum Ariyamalum	director	Vishnuvardhan (director)
Thiruttu Payale	director	Susi Ganeshan
Vaah! Life Ho Toh Aisi!	director	Mahesh Manjrekar
It Happens Every Spring	director	Lloyd Bacon
My Occurrence	director	Lawrence Trilling
Baltar's Escape	director	Winrich Kolbe
The Nutty Professor (1996 film)	director	Tom Shadyac
The Moderns	director	Alan Rudolph
Our Town (2003 film)	director	James Naughton
The Bakery Girl of Monceau	director	Éric Rohmer
The Wedding Party	director	John Howard Davies
Suzanne's Career	director	Éric Rohmer
La Collectionneuse	director	Éric Rohmer
The Hotel Inspectors	director	John Howard Davies
Claire's Knee	director	Éric Rohmer
Love in the Afternoon (1972 film)	director	Éric Rohmer
Seduced and Abandoned	director	Pietro Germi
Mugavaree	director	V. Z. Durai
Vallavan	director	Silambarasan Rajendar
Han Wu Dadi	director	Hu Mei
Godiva's	director	Gary Harvey
Godiva's	director	Scott Smith
Godiva's	director	Anne Wheeler
Dogs of War (film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Police Woman (film)	director	Tsu Hdeng
Master with Cracked Fingers	director	Chu Mu
Master with Cracked Fingers	director	Jackie Chan
Master with Cracked Fingers	director	Fu Yai Se
Salem's Lot (2004 TV miniseries)	director	Mikael Salomon
The Beast (1996 film)	director	Jeff Bleckner
Peaceful Warrior	director	Victor Salva
Unishe April	director	Rituparno Ghosh
Legs (film)	director	Jerrold Freedman
Blood on the Sun	director	Frank Lloyd
Killing All the Right People	director	Harry Thomason
Teen Wolf (1986 TV series)	director	Gordon Kent
Cold Stones	director	Tim Van Patten
Night Flight from Moscow	director	Henri Verneuil
Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm (1932 film)	director	Alfred Santell
Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure	director	Richard Williams (animator)
Flicka	director	Michael Mayer (director)
The Birds II: Land's End	director	Alan Smithee
Shortbus	director	John Cameron Mitchell
Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm (1938 film)	director	Allan Dwan
My Hero (Scrubs)	director	Michael Spiller
Inspired by Bach	director	Atom Egoyan
Inspired by Bach	director	Niv Fichman
Inspired by Bach	director	François Girard
Inspired by Bach	director	Kevin McMahon
Inspired by Bach	director	Patricia Rozema
Inspired by Bach	director	Barbara Willis Sweete
Kathapurushan	director	Adoor Gopalakrishnan
The Clear Horizon	director	Hal Cooper
Arya (2007 film)	director	Balasekaran
The New Land	director	Jan Troell
David Copperfield (2000 film)	director	Peter Medak
Hamlet (1969 film)	director	Tony Richardson
Dead Fire	director	Robert Lee
You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown (TV special)	director	Bill Melendez
Tenafly (TV series)	director	Richard A. Colla
The Phantom (1996 film)	director	Simon Wincer
Hilltop Hospital	director	Pascal Le Nôtre
My Little Margie	director	Hal Yates
These Girls	director	John Hazlett
My Fruit Cups	director	Ken Whittingham
Aces: Iron Eagle III	director	John Glen (director)
The Shakiest Gun in the West	director	Alan Rafkin
I Want a Dog (film)	director	Sheldon Cohen
Big Bad Mama	director	Steve Carver
The Hotel New Hampshire (film)	director	Tony Richardson
Steel Dawn	director	Lance Hool
Consuming Passions	director	Giles Foster
Stage Door Canteen	director	Frank Borzage
Coldblooded (film)	director	Wallace Wolodarsky
Mera Saaya	director	Raj Khosla
Dosti	director	Satyen Bose (director)
Gunga Jumna	director	Nitin Bose
Kismet (1943 film)	director	Gyan Mukherjee
Heart of America (film)	director	Uwe Boll
Chori Chori	director	Anant Thakur
From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler (1973 film)	director	Fielder Cook
Piravi	director	Shaji N. Karun
Pattiyal	director	Vishnuvardhan (director)
Thirupaachi	director	Perarasu
Dark Horse (2005 film)	director	Dagur Kári
The Princess Comes Across	director	William K. Howard
Hercules (1958 film)	director	Pietro Francisci
Journey to the Center of the Earth (TV series)	director	Norman McCabe
Journey to the Center of the Earth (TV series)	director	Hal Sutherland
Hands Across the Table	director	Mitchell Leisen
Finder's Fee	director	Jeff Probst
Sahib Bibi Aur Ghulam	director	Abrar Alvi
The Gingerdead Man	director	Charles Band
Chashme Buddoor (1981 film)	director	Sai Paranjpye
Farz (1967 film)	director	Ravikant Nagaich
Kinamand	director	Henrik Ruben Genz
Take a Chance (2006 film)	director	John Lyde
Getting Played	director	David Silberg
Stolen Moments (1920 film)	director	James Vincent
Swashbuckler (film)	director	James Goldstone
Beyond Rangoon	director	John Boorman
Code Age Commanders: Tsugu Mono Tsuga Reru Mono	director	Toshiyuki Itahana
I Could Never Be Your Woman	director	Amy Heckerling
Yo Gabba Gabba!	director	Christian Jacobs
Thoughtcrimes	director	Breck Eisner
My Own American Girl	director	Bill Lawrence (producer)
Praetorians (video game)	director	Javier Arévalo
The Charge at Feather River	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Maine Dil Tujhko Diya	director	Sohail Khan
My Journey	director	Michael Spiller
Class of '44	director	Paul Bogart
The Group (film)	director	Sidney Lumet
Is Paris Burning?	director	René Clément
Joe (film)	director	John G. Avildsen
The Prodigal	director	Richard Thorpe
The Sandpiper	director	Vincente Minnelli
Some Kind of Hero	director	Michael Pressman
Dien Bien Phu (film)	director	Pierre Schoendoerffer
Beware! The Blob	director	Larry Hagman
A Kid for Two Farthings (film)	director	Carol Reed
Vetri Kodi Kattu	director	Cheran (director)
Seven Minutes in Heaven (film)	director	Linda Feferman
Uncle Tom's Fairy Tales	director	Penelope Spheeris
Black Brigade (film)	director	George McCowan
Destiny (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Les Landau
A Force More Powerful	director	Steve York
The Busy Body	director	William Castle
Sans Soleil	director	Chris Marker
Dark Command	director	Raoul Walsh
Copper Mountain (film)	director	David Mitchell (director)
Blades of Glory	director	Will Speck
They Won't Forget	director	Mervyn LeRoy
These Glamour Girls	director	S. Sylvan Simon
In the Fishtank 9	director	Sex
In the Fishtank 9	director	Sonic Nurse
Happy Accidents	director	Brad Anderson (director)
Jane Eyre (1997 film)	director	Robert Young (director)
Saawariya	director	Sanjay Leela Bhansali
The World, the Flesh and the Devil (1959 film)	director	Ranald MacDougall
Dona Flor and Her Two Husbands	director	Bruno Barreto
Bossa Nova (film)	director	Bruno Barreto
Escape at Dawn	director	Senkichi Taniguchi
Male Unbonding	director	Tom Cherones
Twice in a Lifetime (film)	director	Bud Yorkin
End Game (2006 film)	director	Andy Cheng
Man's Best Friend (1993 film)	director	John Lafia
Aetbaar	director	Vikram Bhatt
The Fountainhead (film)	director	King Vidor
Hulchul (2004 film)	director	Priyadarshan
It Had to Be You (1947 film)	director	Don Hartman
It Had to Be You (1947 film)	director	Rudolph Maté
The Aviator's Wife	director	Éric Rohmer
Le Beau Mariage	director	Éric Rohmer
Pauline at the Beach	director	Éric Rohmer
Boyfriends and Girlfriends	director	Éric Rohmer
The Legend of Simon Conjurer	director	Q. Mark
The Pink Panther 2	director	Harald Zwart
A Daughter of the Gods	director	Herbert Brenon
Tumbleweeds (1925 film)	director	William S. Hart
Tumbleweeds (1925 film)	director	King Baggot
The Science of Sleep	director	Michel Gondry
From Beyond (film)	director	Stuart Gordon
Sir! No Sir!	director	David Zeiger
Communication Problems	director	Bob Spiers
681 AD: The Glory of Khan	director	Lyudmil Staykov
The Phynx	director	Lee H. Katzin
You've Got to Walk It Like You Talk It or You'll Lose That Beat	director	Peter Locke
Hit!	director	Sidney J. Furie
Some Call It Loving	director	James B. Harris
Many Happy Returns (The Prisoner)	director	Patrick McGoohan
Daddy (2001 film)	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
Docks of New York	director	Wallace Fox
Bloody Mama	director	Roger Corman
Rattlers	director	John McCauley (director)
A Tale of Springtime	director	Éric Rohmer
Firestarter 2: Rekindled	director	Robert Iscove
Hellboy II: The Golden Army	director	Guillermo del Toro
Gog (film)	director	Herbert L. Strock
Chalo Ishq Ladaaye	director	Aziz Sejawal
Hellboy (film)	director	Guillermo del Toro
Strange Bedfellows (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	René Auberjonois (actor)
Erskineville Kings	director	Alan White (filmmaker)
The Vikings (1958 film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Adiós Amigo	director	Fred Williamson
Which Way Is Up?	director	Michael Schultz
Richard Pryor: Live in Concert	director	Jeff Margolis
In God We Tru$t	director	Marty Feldman
Live & Smokin'	director	Michael Blum (director)
Bleach: Memories of Nobody	director	Noriyuki Abe
Two Women (1999 film)	director	Tahmineh Milani
Eye of the Needle (film)	director	Richard Marquand
Mumbai Express	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
The Commitments (film)	director	Alan Parker
A Tale of Winter	director	Éric Rohmer
Pudhupettai	director	Selvaraghavan
Pyaar Diwana Hota Hai	director	Kirti Kumar
Critical Condition (film)	director	Michael Apted
The Three Muscatels	director	Romell Foster-Owens
The Adventures of Captain Africa	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Chori Chori (2003 film)	director	Milan Luthria
The Day After Tomorrow (TV special)	director	Charles Crichton
Stuck on You!	director	Michael Herz (producer)
Stuck on You!	director	Lloyd Kaufman
Calcutta Mail	director	Sudhir Mishra
Monsieur Klein	director	Joseph Losey
One Last Thing...	director	Alex Steyermark
The Saint Meets the Tiger	director	Paul L. Stein
Swingers (2002 film)	director	Stephan Brenninkmeijer
Bolero (1934 film)	director	Wesley Ruggles
The Flock (film)	director	Andrew Lau
Live at the Brixton Academy, London: You Fat Bastards/Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Kevin Kerslake
Live at the Brixton Academy, London: You Fat Bastards/Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Tamra Davis
Live at the Brixton Academy, London: You Fat Bastards/Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Billy Gould
Live at the Brixton Academy, London: You Fat Bastards/Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Marcus Nispel
Live at the Brixton Academy, London: You Fat Bastards/Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	MTV
Live at the Brixton Academy, London: You Fat Bastards/Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Barry McGuire
Live at the Brixton Academy, London: You Fat Bastards/Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Marcus Raboy
Live at the Brixton Academy, London: You Fat Bastards/Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Joseph Kahn
Live at the Brixton Academy, London: You Fat Bastards/Who Cares a Lot?: The Greatest Videos	director	Tim Royes
Jackass Number Two	director	Jeff Tremaine
Undersea Kingdom	director	B. Reeves Eason
Undersea Kingdom	director	Joseph Kane
A Summer's Tale	director	Éric Rohmer
Creature from the Haunted Sea	director	Roger Corman
Autumn Tale	director	Éric Rohmer
The Sign of Leo	director	Éric Rohmer
The Marquise of O (film)	director	Éric Rohmer
That'll Be the Day (film)	director	Claude Whatham
Dr. Mabuse the Gambler	director	Fritz Lang
Moonfleet (1955 film)	director	Fritz Lang
Supernova (2005 film)	director	John Harrison (filmmaker)
SSSSSSS	director	Bernard L. Kowalski
Hood of Horror	director	Stacy Title
Dorf on Golf	director	Roger Beatty
Treehouse Hostage	director	Sean McNamara (director)
Dorf Goes Fishing	director	Berry Landen
Dorf and the First Games of Mount Olympus	director	Lang Elliott
Dorf on the Diamond	director	Berry Landen
Dorf's Golf Bible	director	Roger Beatty
Message to Love	director	Murray Lerner
The Prince of Tennis (film)	director	Yuichi Abe
Dating the Enemy	director	Megan Simpson Huberman
Stardust (1974 film)	director	Michael Apted
Live Freaky! Die Freaky!	director	John Roecker
Dans la peau de Jacques Chirac	director	Michel Royer
Dans la peau de Jacques Chirac	director	Karl Zéro
Ermo	director	Zhou Xiaowen
Wagons East!	director	Peter Markle
Stir of Echoes: The Homecoming	director	Ernie Barbarash
Avvai Shanmughi	director	K. S. Ravikumar
An Everlasting Piece	director	Barry Levinson
Four Adventures of Reinette and Mirabelle	director	Éric Rohmer
The Actors	director	Conor McPherson
Les Rendez-vous de Paris	director	Éric Rohmer
The Lady and the Duke	director	Éric Rohmer
Warning from Space	director	Koji Shima
Poultrygeist: Night of the Chicken Dead	director	Lloyd Kaufman
Nýtt líf	director	Þráinn Bertelsson
Future Cop (TV series)	director	Jud Taylor
Tripping with Caveh	director	Caveh Zahedi
The Cow (film)	director	Dariush Mehrjui
A Far Off Place	director	Mikael Salomon
Return of Pink Five	director	Trey Stokes
Trojan Warrior	director	Salik Silverstein
Parents (film)	director	Bob Balaban
Spin (film)	director	Brian Springer
The Initiation of Sarah (2006 film)	director	Stuart Gillard
Feed (film)	director	Brett Leonard
Believers (Babylon 5)	director	Richard Compton
It's Spring Training, Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
It Was My Best Birthday Ever, Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
Snoopy!!! The Musical (TV special)	director	Sam Jaimes
I, Monster	director	Stephen Weeks
The Good German	director	Steven Soderbergh
A Sense of Entitlement	director	Mark L. Feinsod
Hank's Bully	director	Kyounghee Lim
What Planet Are You From?	director	Mike Nichols
Until September	director	Richard Marquand
Ride Lonesome	director	Budd Boetticher
The War Widow	director	Paul Bogart
Fingerprints (film)	director	Harry Basil
Snakehead Terror	director	Paul Ziller
Blood & Orchids	director	Jerry Thorpe
The Rich Man's Wife	director	Amy Holden Jones
The Delicious Little Devil	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Smell of Camphor, Scent of Jasmine (film)	director	Bahman Farmanara
Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles	director	Zhang Yimou
Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles	director	Yasuo Furuhata
Knight of the Living Dead	director	Bjarni Gautur
Chup Chup Ke	director	Priyadarshan
Gormenghast (TV serial)	director	Andy Wilson (director)
Maurice Richard (film)	director	Charles Binamé
Dogora (1964 film)	director	Ishirō Honda
The Sandlot 2	director	David M. Evans
All Men Are Mortal (film)	director	Ate de Jong
Hank's on Board	director	Allan Jacobsen
Squizzy Taylor (film)	director	Kevin James Dobson
Survival Island	director	Stewart Raffill
The Halloween Tree (1993 TV film)	director	Mario Piluso
Half Nelson (film)	director	Ryan Fleck
Lights in the Dusk	director	Aki Kaurismäki
Kadhalar Dhinam	director	Kathir
The Legend of Rita	director	Volker Schlöndorff
Underdog (film)	director	Frederik Du Chau
Ji (film)	director	N. Linguswamy
Arul	director	Hari (director)
The Accidental Husband	director	Griffin Dunne
What About Joan?	director	Ed. Weinberger
Aaru (film)	director	Hari (director)
It Seemed Like a Good Idea at the Time	director	John Trent
Marmoulak (film)	director	Kamal Tabrizi
Good Morning, World	director	Danny Dayton
Good Morning, World	director	Carl Reiner
Good Morning, World	director	John Rich (director)
Good Morning, World	director	Robert Scheerer
Lapitch the Little Shoemaker	director	Milan Blažeković
Chellamae	director	Gandhi Krishna
Tunnel Vision (film)	director	Neal Israel
Tunnel Vision (film)	director	Bradley R. Swirnoff
Matrubhoomi	director	Manish Jha
Shake Hands with the Devil (2007 film)	director	Roger Spottiswoode
Mann (film)	director	Indra Kumar
The Chute	director	Les Landau
The Swarm (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Alexander Singer
Raja Ki Aayegi Baraat	director	Ashok Gaekwad
Case Closed: The Phantom of Baker Street	director	Kenji Kodama
Remember (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Warwick Manufacturing Group	director	Kumar Bhattacharyya, Baron Bhattacharyya
Aur Pyaar Ho Gaya	director	Rahul Rawail
One Night the Moon	director	Rachel Perkins
Yanks	director	John Schlesinger
Fan Chan	director	Vitcha Gojiew
Fan Chan	director	Songyos Sugmakanan
Fan Chan	director	Nithiwat Tharathorn
Fan Chan	director	Witthaya Thongyooyong
Fan Chan	director	Anusorn Trisirikasem
Fan Chan	director	Komgrit Triwimol
Santa Fe Trail (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
They Died with Their Boots On	director	Raoul Walsh
The Pumaman	director	Alberto De Martino
Bellyful	director	Melvin Van Peebles
Dharkan	director	Devendra Goel
Vroom Vroom Vroooom	director	Melvin Van Peebles
Renaissance Man (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Mike Vejar
The Ex (1997 film)	director	Mark L. Lester
Varavelpu	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Gorp (film)	director	Joseph Ruben
Archangel (film)	director	Guy Maddin
Aksar	director	Anant Mahadevan
MVP 2: Most Vertical Primate	director	Robert Vince
Sonhos de Peixe	director	Kirill Mikhanovsky
Sonhos de Peixe	director	Paolo Marinou-Blanco
Sonhos de Peixe	director	Monica Palazzo
Gumby: The Movie	director	Art Clokey
Tumsa Nahin Dekha - A Love Story	director	Anurag Basu
The Man Who Dared	director	John Sturges
Shadowed	director	John Sturges
Alias Mr. Twilight	director	John Sturges
Komodo vs. Cobra	director	Jim Wynorski
For the Love of Rusty	director	John Sturges
Keeper of the Bees (1947 film)	director	John Sturges
We Will Rock You (video)	director	Saul Swimmer
Checkered Flag (film)	director	John Glen (director)
Checkered Flag (film)	director	Michael Levine
Christopher Columbus: The Discovery	director	John Glen (director)
The Point Men	director	John Glen (director)
Princess Iron Fan (1941 film)	director	Wan Guchan
Princess Iron Fan (1941 film)	director	Wan Laiming
Circus of Fear	director	John Llewellyn Moxey
Aalwar	director	Chella (director)
Shootout at Lokhandwala	director	Apoorva Lakhia
The Three Stooges Meet Hercules	director	Edward Bernds
The Three Stooges Go Around the World in a Daze	director	Norman Maurer
The Outlaws Is Coming	director	Norman Maurer
Mausam (1975 film)	director	Gulzar
Mahanadi (film)	director	Santhana Bharathi
Passchendaele (film)	director	Paul Gross
Queen Kong	director	Frank Agrama
Huevos de oro	director	Bigas Luna
The Secret Book	director	Vlado Cvetanovski (director)
Unnai Thedi	director	Sundar C.
The Ant Bully (video game)	director	John A. Davis
Suds (film)	director	John Francis Dillon (director)
Gagamboy	director	Erik Matti
Der Einstein des Sex	director	Rosa von Praunheim
The Out-of-Towners (1970 film)	director	Arthur Hiller
The Out-of-Towners (1999 film)	director	Sam Weisman
His Majesty, the Scarecrow of Oz	director	J. Farrell MacDonald
Leila (film)	director	Dariush Mehrjui
Vampires Vs. Zombies	director	Vince D'Amato
The Climax	director	George Waggner
The History Boys (film)	director	Nicholas Hytner
Scenes of the Crime	director	Dominique Forma
I'm Not There	director	Todd Haynes
Gas-s-s-s	director	Roger Corman
Prem Rog	director	Raj Kapoor
Boys (1996 film)	director	Stacy Cochran
The Price Is Right (1956 U.S. game show)	director	Max Miller (director)
Caught in the Draft	director	David Butler (director)
Tere Ghar Ke Samne	director	Vijay Anand
Cops & Robbersons	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Gang in Blue	director	Melvin Van Peebles
Gang in Blue	director	Mario Van Peebles
Panther (film)	director	Mario Van Peebles
And Now My Love	director	Claude Lelouch
Seeing Double (film)	director	Nigel Dick
Chithiram Pesuthadi	director	Mysskin (director)
Meridian (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Jonathan Frakes
In Purgatory's Shadow	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
By Inferno's Light	director	Les Landau
Waltz (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	René Auberjonois (actor)
Gunmen's Blues	director	Eric Red
Happy Anniversary (film)	director	David Miller (director)
The Great Gabbo	director	James Cruze
The Great Gabbo	director	Erich von Stroheim
The Goalkeeper's Fear of the Penalty	director	Wim Wenders
Our Man Bashir	director	Winrich Kolbe
Rainbow (2005 film)	director	Gao Xiaosong
Nate and Hayes	director	Ferdinand Fairfax
Mythos (film)	director	Robert Walter (editor)
Tenchi the Movie: Tenchi Muyo in Love	director	Hiroshi Negishi
The Perez Family	director	Mira Nair
Mimino	director	Georgi Daneliya
Shibuya Fifteen	director	Nobuhiro Suzuki
Shibuya Fifteen	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Tiger and Crane Fist	director	Jimmy Wang (actor)
Piece by Piece (film)	director	Nic Hill
His Way	director	Allan Kroeker
Time's Orphan	director	Allan Kroeker
For the Cause (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	James L. Conway
High Strung	director	Roger Nygard
The Pied Piper (1986 film)	director	Jiří Barta
Flyboys (film)	director	Tony Bill
Hotel Berlin	director	Peter Godfrey (director)
Bunny (2005 film)	director	V. V. Vinayak
Different Strokes (film)	director	Michael Paul Girard
Ayşecik ve Sihirli Cüceler Rüyalar Ülkesinde	director	Tunç Başaran
Globalisation Is Good	director	Charlotte Metcalf
Sällskapsresan	director	Lasse Åberg
Sällskapsresan	director	Peter Hald
Yin Yang Yo!	director	Mark Ackland
Critic's Choice (film)	director	Don Weis
Dumb Luck (film)	director	Craig Clyde
Stolen Desire	director	Shōhei Imamura
Warm Water Under a Red Bridge	director	Shōhei Imamura
Pigs and Battleships	director	Shōhei Imamura
Unholy Desire	director	Shōhei Imamura
Eijanaika (film)	director	Shōhei Imamura
Let's Nab Oprah	director	Seung Eun Kim
Havana (film)	director	Sydney Pollack
Daisy Kenyon	director	Otto Preminger
No Man of Her Own	director	Mitchell Leisen
Origin: Spirits of the Past	director	Keiichi Sugiyama
The Profound Desire of the Gods	director	Shōhei Imamura
The Hidden II	director	Seth Pinsker
Dr. Akagi	director	Shōhei Imamura
A Night in the Life of Jimmy Reardon	director	William Richert
Down (film)	director	Dick Maas
The Naked Gun	director	The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad!
The Naked Gun	director	The Naked Gun 2½: The Smell of Fear
The Naked Gun	director	David Zucker (filmmaker)
The Naked Gun	director	Naked Gun 33⅓: The Final Insult
The Naked Gun	director	Peter Segal
Daddy's Little Girls	director	Tyler Perry
The Babysitters	director	David Ross (director)
The Mullets (TV series)	director	Gail Mancuso
The Burning Train	director	Ravi Chopra
Look, Up in the Sky: The Amazing Story of Superman	director	Kevin Burns
Ram Balram	director	Vijay Anand
The Ski Trip	director	Maurice Jamal
House of Usher (film)	director	Roger Corman
Let's Go to Prison	director	Bob Odenkirk
The Pit and the Pendulum (1961 film)	director	Roger Corman
Stanley and Livingstone	director	Henry King (director)
Stanley and Livingstone	director	Otto Brower
Ozzie's Girls	director	David Nelson (actor)
Ozzie's Girls	director	Ozzie Nelson
Eastern Promises	director	David Cronenberg
The Art of Love (film)	director	Norman Jewison
Boy, Did I Get a Wrong Number!	director	George Marshall
Kaisha	director	Alan Taylor (director)
The Postman Always Rings Twice (film)	director	Tay Garnett
Naked Killer	director	Clarence Fok
The Postman Always Rings Twice (1981 film)	director	Bob Rafelson
Step Up (film)	director	Anne Fletcher
Date with an Angel	director	Tom McLoughlin
Irish Jam	director	John Eyres
Code of Silence (film)	director	Andrew Davis (film director)
Some Mother's Son	director	Terry George
Saaya (film)	director	Anurag Basu
Footrot Flats: The Dog's Tale	director	Murray Ball
Edge of Seventeen (film)	director	David Moreton
Hitler: A Film from Germany	director	Hans-Jürgen Syberberg
Sleep (film)	director	Andy Warhol
Air Force (film)	director	Howard Hawks
Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem	director	Brothers Strause
Beau Geste (1926 film)	director	Herbert Brenon
Beau Geste (1939 film)	director	William A. Wellman
Beau Geste (1966 film)	director	Douglas Heyes
Delta Farce	director	C. B. Harding
Alien Arsenal	director	David DeCoteau
Slaughter Disc	director	David Quitmeyer
The Giant Gila Monster	director	Ray Kellogg
The Crimson Rivers	director	Mathieu Kassovitz
The Room (film)	director	Tommy Wiseau
Love's Berries	director	Alexander Dovzhenko
The Bridge of San Luis Rey (1929 film)	director	Charles Brabin
The Bridge of San Luis Rey (1944 film)	director	Rowland V. Lee
The Strawberry Statement (film)	director	Stuart Hagmann
The Bridge of San Luis Rey (2004 film)	director	Mary McGuckian
Accepted	director	Steve Pink
Leprechaun 3	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
Ukraine in Flames	director	Alexander Dovzhenko
Ukraine in Flames	director	Yuliya Solntseva
HotMen CoolBoyz	director	Knud Vesterskov
Black Christmas (2006 film)	director	Glen Morgan
Premiere (The O.C.)	director	Doug Liman
Matters of Life and Death	director	Joseph Mazzello
The Stepfather (2009 film)	director	Nelson McCormick (director)
Third World Cop	director	Chris Browne
Waterwalker	director	Bill Mason
Gentlemen Marry Brunettes	director	Richard Sale (director)
The Funniest Man Dead or Alive	director	Reginald Hudlin
The Model Home	director	Doug Liman
The French Line	director	Lloyd Bacon
Sooryavansham	director	E. V. V. Satyanarayana
The Las Vegas Story (film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Ethirum Pudhirum	director	S. Dharani
Danika	director	Ariel Vromen
Sara (film)	director	Dariush Mehrjui
Zvenigora	director	Alexander Dovzhenko
The King and Four Queens	director	Raoul Walsh
Pari (film)	director	Dariush Mehrjui
The Detail	director	Clark Johnson
Arsenal (film)	director	Alexander Dovzhenko
Johnny Reno	director	R. G. Springsteen
Aerograd	director	Alexander Dovzhenko
Ivan (film)	director	Alexander Dovzhenko
The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes	director	Robert Butler (director)
A Year Along the Abandoned Road	director	Morten Skallerud
The Thrill of It All	director	Norman Jewison
Nishi Ginza Station	director	Shōhei Imamura
Cash McCall	director	Joseph Pevney
The Lives of Others	director	Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck
Endless Desire	director	Shōhei Imamura
Blue Collar Comedy Tour: The Movie	director	C. B. Harding
Blue Collar Comedy Tour: One for the Road	director	C. B. Harding
...First Do No Harm	director	Jim Abrahams
Hour of the Gun	director	John Sturges
Before and After (film)	director	Barbet Schroeder
The Secret Six	director	George W. Hill
Disturbia (film)	director	D. J. Caruso
Lucky Louie	director	Gary Halvorson
Lucky Louie	director	Andrew D. Weyman
My Second Brother	director	Shōhei Imamura
Betrayed (1988 film)	director	Costa-Gavras
Bobby Jones: Stroke of Genius	director	Rowdy Herrington
A Man Vanishes	director	Shōhei Imamura
Blue Collar Comedy Tour Rides Again	director	C. B. Harding
Bye Bye Brasil	director	Carlos Diegues
PTU (film)	director	Johnnie To
Staten Island Catapult	director	Gregorio Smith
Tokyo-Ga	director	Wim Wenders
The Apple (1980 film)	director	Menahem Golan
Madonna: Truth or Dare	director	Alek Keshishian
Undercut (film)	director	Stephen Reedy
Korczak (film)	director	Andrzej Wajda
45 Minutes from Hollywood	director	Fred Guiol
Call of the Cuckoo	director	Clyde Bruckman
The Battle of the Century	director	Clyde Bruckman
Sailors, Beware!	director	Fred Guiol
Putting Pants on Philip	director	Clyde Bruckman
Block-Heads	director	John G. Blystone
Billy the Kid (1930 film)	director	King Vidor
Angli: The Movie	director	Mario Busietta
Billy the Kid (1941 film)	director	David Miller (director)
Ivanhoe (1952 film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Half-Wits Holiday	director	Jules White
Mouth to Mouth (film)	director	Alison Murray
Leprechaun 4: In Space	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
The Charge of the Light Brigade (1968 film)	director	Tony Richardson
Our Relations	director	Harry Lachman
With Love and Hisses	director	Fred Guiol
Flying Elephants	director	Frank Butler (writer)
Ruang Talok 69	director	Pen-Ek Ratanaruang
Utterly Alone	director	Jonas Vaitkus
Seema (1955 film)	director	Amiya Chakrabarty
The Plainsman	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Man in the Sand	director	Kim Hopkins
History of Postwar Japan as Told by a Bar Hostess	director	Shōhei Imamura
Zegen	director	Shōhei Imamura
A Date with Your Family	director	Edward G. Simmel
Shchors (film)	director	Alexander Dovzhenko
Shchors (film)	director	Yuliya Solntseva
Four Flies on Grey Velvet	director	Dario Argento
Most Wanted (TV series)	director	Walter Grauman
Most Wanted (TV series)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Most Wanted (TV series)	director	Virgil W. Vogel
Rosenstrasse (film)	director	Margarethe von Trotta
Stakeout on Dope Street	director	Irvin Kershner
The Young Captives	director	Irvin Kershner
Hoodlum Priest (film)	director	Irvin Kershner
My House in Umbria	director	Richard Loncraine
The Missionary	director	Richard Loncraine
Wide-Eyed and Legless	director	Richard Loncraine
Karayuki-san, the Making of a Prostitute	director	Shōhei Imamura
The Clown Murders	director	Martyn Burke
Find the Lady (1976 film)	director	John Trent
The Ballad of Narayama (1983 film)	director	Shōhei Imamura
Face in the Rain	director	Irvin Kershner
The Luck of Ginger Coffey	director	Irvin Kershner
Loving (film)	director	Irvin Kershner
Disinformation (TV series)	director	Richard Metzger
Disinformation (TV series)	director	Craig Melville
Up the Sandbox	director	Irvin Kershner
S*P*Y*S	director	Irvin Kershner
The Return of a Man Called Horse	director	Irvin Kershner
American Perfekt	director	Paul Chart
Raid on Entebbe (film)	director	Irvin Kershner
Cain's Hundred	director	Tom Gries
Cain's Hundred	director	Irvin Kershner
Cain's Hundred	director	Sydney Pollack
Cain's Hundred	director	Boris Sagal
X-Paroni	director	Spede Pasanen
The Gamble (The O.C.)	director	Ian Toynton
The Incredible Hulk (film)	director	Louis Leterrier
Saps at Sea	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
La Cambrure	director	Edwige Shaki
The Silent Partner (1978 film)	director	Daryl Duke
Lost and Found (1979 film)	director	Melvin Frank
Entretien sur Pascal	director	Éric Rohmer
Tarzan and the Mermaids	director	Robert Florey
Murders in the Rue Morgue (1932 film)	director	Robert Florey
The Sun (film)	director	Alexander Sokurov
Véronique et son cancre	director	Éric Rohmer
Victor Hugo architecte	director	Éric Rohmer
Island of Lost Souls (1933 film)	director	Erle C. Kenton
The Island of Dr. Moreau (1977 film)	director	Don Taylor (actor/director)
Jack Smith and the Destruction of Atlantis	director	Mary Jordan (filmmaker)
The Finale (Will & Grace)	director	James Burrows
Pitfall (1962 film)	director	Hiroshi Teshigahara
A Kind of Loving (film)	director	John Schlesinger
Treasure Island (1934 film)	director	Victor Fleming
In the Wake of the Bounty	director	Charles Chauvel (filmmaker)
The Ladykillers (2004 film)	director	Coen brothers
Sweet November (1968 film)	director	Robert Ellis Miller
Otogiriso	director	Ten Shimoyama
La Tormenta	director	Mauricio Cruz
La Tormenta	director	Agustín Restrepo
Extreme Days	director	Eric Hannah
Moondyne    1	director	W. J. Lincoln
Hitman Hart: Wrestling with Shadows	director	Paul Jay
A Real Young Girl	director	Catherine Breillat
Sex Is Comedy	director	Catherine Breillat
Starstruck (1982 film)	director	Gillian Armstrong
A Heart in Winter	director	Claude Sautet
Waiting at the Royal	director	Glenda Hambly
L'Arbre, le maire et la médiathèque	director	Éric Rohmer
Deadly Companion	director	George Bloomfield
In Her Defense	director	Sidney J. Furie
Slugs (film)	director	Juan Piquer Simón
The Philco Television Playhouse	director	Fred Coe
The Philco Television Playhouse	director	Vincent J. Donehue
The Philco Television Playhouse	director	Herbert Hirschman
The Philco Television Playhouse	director	Delbert Mann
The Philco Television Playhouse	director	Robert Mulligan
The Philco Television Playhouse	director	Arthur Penn
The Crawling Hand	director	Herbert L. Strock
Hapinas	director	Jay Bustamante
The Wolf (film)	director	Miguel Courtois
Bread and Roses (film)	director	Ken Loach
Riff-Raff (1990 film)	director	Ken Loach
Donald's Snow Fight	director	Jack King (animator)
The King Maker	director	Lek Kitaparaporn
Never Talk to Strangers	director	Peter Hall (director)
Mrs. Winterbourne	director	Richard Benjamin
The Second Jungle Book: Mowgli & Baloo	director	Dee McLachlan
Masterminds (film)	director	Roger Christian (filmmaker)
Crazy in Alabama	director	Antonio Banderas
The H-Man	director	Ishirō Honda
Geordie (film)	director	Frank Launder
My Sexiest Year	director	Howard Himelstein
Half Human	director	Ishirō Honda
Half Human	director	Kenneth G. Crane
Going Berserk	director	David Steinberg
Bring Your Smile Along	director	Blake Edwards
He Laughed Last	director	Blake Edwards
Masters of Menace	director	Daniel Raskov
Mister Cory	director	Blake Edwards
This Happy Feeling	director	Blake Edwards
The Perfect Furlough	director	Blake Edwards
Experiment in Terror	director	Blake Edwards
What Did You Do in the War, Daddy?	director	Blake Edwards
Gunn (film)	director	Blake Edwards
Darling Lili	director	Blake Edwards
Wild Rovers	director	Blake Edwards
The Carey Treatment	director	Blake Edwards
A Fine Mess	director	Blake Edwards
That's Life! (film)	director	Blake Edwards
Switch (film)	director	Blake Edwards
Panhandle (film)	director	Lesley Selander
The Tale of the Fox	director	Irene Starevich
The Tale of the Fox	director	Ladislas Starevich
The Silk Road	director	Junya Sato
The Debut (The O.C.)	director	Dan Attias
Pilot (CSI)	director	Danny Cannon
Swaham	director	Shaji N. Karun
The Return of Captain Invincible	director	Philippe Mora
Bikini Cavegirl	director	Fred Olen Ray
Grass (1999 film)	director	Ron Mann
The Brady Bunch in the White House	director	Neal Israel
Holes (film)	director	Andrew Davis (film director)
Treat 'Em Rough	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Score (album)	director	Mike Portnoy
Tarzán	director	Gérard Hameline
When Nature Calls	director	Charlie Kaufman
Tarzan and the Lost City (film)	director	Carl Schenkel
Yakeen (1969 film)	director	Braj
It Runs in the Family (2003 film)	director	Fred Schepisi
Warlock III: The End of Innocence	director	Eric Freiser
Bingo (film)	director	Matthew Robbins (screenwriter)
Pukar (1939 film)	director	Sohrab Modi
Metal: A Headbanger's Journey	director	Jessica Joy Wise
Metal: A Headbanger's Journey	director	Sam Dunn
The Wicker Man (2006 film)	director	Neil LaBute
Captain Kronos – Vampire Hunter	director	Brian Clemens
20,000 Leagues Under the Sea (1954 film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Elippathayam	director	Adoor Gopalakrishnan
Samar (film)	director	Shyam Benegal
Good Times (film)	director	William Friedkin
The Black Hole (2006 film)	director	Tibor Takács (director)
Friends (1971 film)	director	Lewis Gilbert
Teesri Kasam	director	Basu Bhattacharya
The Devil's Backbone	director	Guillermo del Toro
Karate Cop	director	Alan Roberts
Hands of the Ripper	director	Peter Sasdy
Osmosis Jones	director	Bobby Farrelly
Osmosis Jones	director	Peter Farrelly
Osmosis Jones	director	Tom Sito
Osmosis Jones	director	Piet Kroon
Shrieker (film)	director	David DeCoteau
Birds Do It	director	Andrew Marton
The Witches of Eastwick (film)	director	George Miller (filmmaker)
Naked Weapon	director	Ching Siu-tung
Space Amoeba	director	Ishirō Honda
The Joy Luck Club (film)	director	Wayne Wang
A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints	director	Dito Montiel
Princess Hours	director	Hwang In-Roi
The Vigilante	director	Wallace Fox
The Bridges of Madison County (film)	director	Clint Eastwood
The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course	director	John Stainton
Shadow of the Cat	director	John Gilling
Karma (film)	director	Subhash Ghai
Goodbye Bafana	director	Bille August
L.A. Heat (TV series)	director	Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs
L.A. Heat (TV series)	director	Richard Pepin
L.A. Heat (TV series)	director	Joey Travolta
Nishabd	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Mahler (film)	director	Ken Russell
Momo (film)	director	Johannes Schaaf
My Wife Is an Actress	director	Yvan Attal
Kamen Rider The First	director	Takao Nagaishi
The Sinister Urge (film)	director	Ed Wood
The Rosary Murders	director	Fred Walton
Quarxs	director	Maurice Benayoun
The Man Who Could Work Miracles	director	Lothar Mendes
The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past & Four Swords	director	Hidemaro Fujibayashi
Buddy Boy	director	Mark Hanlon
Chasing Sleep	director	Michael Walker (film director)
Fear X	director	Nicolas Winding Refn
The I Inside	director	Roland Suso Richter
The Tenant	director	Roman Polanski
Undermind (film)	director	Nevil Dwek
Trauma (2004 film)	director	Marc Evans
Race to Space	director	Sean McNamara (director)
Memoirs of a Geisha (film)	director	Rob Marshall
Aakasha Gopuram	director	K. P. Kumaran
Possession (1981 film)	director	Andrzej Żuławski
Des Mein Niklla Hoga Chand	director	Aruna Irani
Mannequin Two: On the Move	director	Stewart Raffill
Before They Were Stars	director	Ellen Brown
Aakhree Raasta	director	K. Bhagyaraj
Baby It's You (film)	director	John Sayles
Race (2008 film)	director	Abbas-Mustan
The Girl from Tomorrow Part II: Tomorrow's End	director	Noel Price
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street (2007 film)	director	Tim Burton
My Life (film)	director	Bruce Joel Rubin
Internal Affairs (film)	director	Mike Figgis
DeCordova Museum and Sculpture Park	director	Dennis Kois
Somebody Help Me (film)	director	Chris Stokes (record producer)
Class of 1984	director	Mark L. Lester
Gridiron Gang	director	Phil Joanou
John's Not Mad	director	Valerie Kaye
The Arrangement (1969 film)	director	Elia Kazan
The Underground Comedy Movie	director	Vince Offer
Kapurush	director	Satyajit Ray
Convict 13	director	Edward F. Cline
Convict 13	director	Buster Keaton
Nasu: Summer in Andalusia	director	Kitarō Kōsaka
Julie (TV series)	director	Blake Edwards
Justin Case (film)	director	Blake Edwards
Peter Gunn (1989 film)	director	Blake Edwards
Victor/Victoria (1995 film)	director	Blake Edwards
Victor/Victoria (1995 film)	director	Goro Kobayashi
Four Sided Triangle	director	Terence Fisher
Keeping Up with the Steins	director	Scott Marshall (director)
Les Trois Frères	director	Didier Bourdon
Les Trois Frères	director	Bernard Campan
Jindabyne (film)	director	Ray Lawrence (film director)
On the Edge (film)	director	John Carney (director)
Bedara Kannappa (film)	director	H. L. N. Simha
Tears of the Black Tiger	director	Wisit Sasanatieng
The Adventures of Paddington Bear	director	Marcos DaSilva
The Puffy Chair	director	Jay Duplass
The Puffy Chair	director	Mark Duplass
The Lion Has Wings	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Lion Has Wings	director	Brian Desmond Hurst
The Lion Has Wings	director	Adrian Brunel
The Lion Has Wings	director	Alexander Korda
The Haunted House (1921 film)	director	Edward F. Cline
The Haunted House (1921 film)	director	Buster Keaton
The Driver	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Sons of Mogh	director	David Livingston
Diary of a Lost Girl	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
An Airman's Letter to His Mother	director	Michael Powell (director)
Civil Brand	director	Neema Barnette
Neighbors (1920 film)	director	Edward F. Cline
Neighbors (1920 film)	director	Buster Keaton
The Goat (1921 film)	director	Buster Keaton
The Goat (1921 film)	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
The Phantom (serial)	director	B. Reeves Eason
Hochelaga (film)	director	Michel Jetté
The Passionate Friends	director	David Lean
Madeleine (film)	director	David Lean
Stroker Ace	director	Hal Needham
Hobson's Choice (1954 film)	director	David Lean
Lost and Found: The Story of Cook's Anchor	director	David Lean
Look at Life (George Lucas film)	director	George Lucas
Freiheit (short film)	director	George Lucas
Presenting Lily Mars	director	Norman Taurog
The Emperor (short film)	director	George Lucas
The Clock (film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Anyone lived in a pretty how town	director	George Lucas
6-18-67	director	George Lucas
Filmmaker (film)	director	George Lucas
House Party 4: Down to the Last Minute	director	Chris Stokes (record producer)
The Making of The Rain People	director	George Lucas
When the Clouds Roll by	director	Victor Fleming
When the Clouds Roll by	director	Theodore Reed
The Mollycoddle	director	Victor Fleming
Gone Baby Gone	director	Ben Affleck
Mama's Affair	director	Victor Fleming
Woman's Place	director	Victor Fleming
Red Hot Romance	director	Victor Fleming
The Call of the Canyon	director	Victor Fleming
The Lane That Had No Turning	director	Victor Fleming
Empty Hands	director	Victor Fleming
The Devil's Cargo	director	Victor Fleming
A Son of His Father	director	Victor Fleming
Lord Jim (1925 film)	director	Victor Fleming
Hula (film)	director	Victor Fleming
The Blind Goddess	director	Victor Fleming
The Rough Riders	director	Victor Fleming
Abie's Irish Rose (film)	director	Victor Fleming
Mantrap (1926 film)	director	Victor Fleming
The Wolf Song	director	Victor Fleming
The Wolf Song	director	Henry Hathaway
Common Clay	director	Victor Fleming
Renegades (1930 film)	director	Victor Fleming
The Wet Parade	director	Victor Fleming
Reckless (1935 film)	director	Victor Fleming
The Awakening (1928 film)	director	Victor Fleming
Adventure (1945 film)	director	Victor Fleming
A Guy Named Joe	director	Victor Fleming
The White Sister (1933 film)	director	Victor Fleming
The Virginian (1929 film)	director	Victor Fleming
Touch of Pink	director	Ian Iqbal Rashid
Three Ages	director	Buster Keaton
Three Ages	director	Edward F. Cline
Ilya Muromets (film)	director	Aleksandr Ptushko
War Is Hell (film)	director	Burt Topper
Comedy's Dirtiest Dozen	director	Lenny Wong
The Bad News Bears (TV series)	director	Norman Abbott
The Bad News Bears (TV series)	director	William Asher
The Bad News Bears (TV series)	director	Bruce Bilson
The Bad News Bears (TV series)	director	Lowell Ganz
The Bad News Bears (TV series)	director	Jeffrey Hayden
The Bad News Bears (TV series)	director	Alan Myerson
The Bad News Bears (TV series)	director	Gene Nelson
The Bellboy and the Playgirls	director	Francis Ford Coppola
The Bellboy and the Playgirls	director	Fritz Umgelter
Battle Beyond the Sun	director	Mikhail Karyukov
Battle Beyond the Sun	director	Aleksandr Kozyr
The Rain People	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Youth Without Youth (film)	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Gardens of Stone	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Larceny, Inc.	director	Lloyd Bacon
The Spiral Road	director	Robert Mulligan
I Was a Male War Bride	director	Howard Hawks
The Good Thief (film)	director	Neil Jordan
God on My Side	director	Anita Jacoby
Sgt. Bilko	director	Jonathan Lynn
Onimusha: Warlords	director	Jun Takeuchi
Bad Ronald	director	Buzz Kulik
The Evil Dead (franchise)	director	Sam Raimi
Who Is Chris Rock?	director	Michael J. Dennis
Varsham	director	Sobhan
Air (film)	director	Osamu Dezaki
Borat	director	Larry Charles
8mm 2	director	J. S. Cardone
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland (1972 film)	director	William Sterling
A Hole in the Head	director	Frank Capra
Kamen Rider Blade: Missing Ace	director	Ryuta Tasaki
King of the Mountain (film)	director	Noel Nosseck
Kamen Rider 555: Paradise Lost	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Pournami	director	Prabhu Deva
Riding High (1943 film)	director	George Marshall (director)
Butterflied	director	Richard J. Lewis
The Package (film)	director	Andrew Davis (film director)
Wanda Nevada	director	Peter Fonda
The Buys	director	Peter Medak
Digimon: The Movie	director	Mamoru Hosoda
Digimon: The Movie	director	Shigeyasu Yamauchi
Digimon: The Movie	director	Jeff Nimoy
Bad Company (2002 film)	director	Joel Schumacher
Bad Company (1925 film)	director	Edward H. Griffith
Bad Company (1946 film)	director	Paul Barrelet
Bad Company (1931 film)	director	Tay Garnett
Les Mauvaises fréquentations	director	Jean Eustache
Dinner Rush	director	Bob Giraldi
Bad Company (1972 film)	director	Robert Benton
Bad Company (1980 film)	director	Peter Vronsky
Bad Company (1986 film)	director	José Santiso
Bad Company (1992 film)	director	Julian Richards (director)
Bad Company (1995 film)	director	Damian Harris
The Nature of the Beast	director	Victor Salva
Bad Company (1999 film)	director	Jean-Pierre Améris
Mabudachi	director	Tomoyuki Furumaya
The Man from Colorado	director	Henry Levin
Thumbelina (1992 film)	director	Masakazu Higuchi
Thumbelina (1992 film)	director	Chinami Namba
Hideous Kinky (film)	director	Gillies MacKinnon
City Guys	director	Frank Bonner
The Opportunists	director	Myles Connell
Kyu-chan no Dekkai Yume	director	Yoji Yamada
The Psychiatrist	director	Bob Spiers
Citizen Dog (film)	director	Wisit Sasanatieng
Sweetie (film)	director	Jane Campion
Mili (1975 film)	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
The Aristocrats (film)	director	Penn Jillette
The Aristocrats (film)	director	Paul Provenza
Orwell Rolls in His Grave	director	Robert Kane Pappas
The Little Mermaid (1992 film)	director	Masakazu Higuchi
The Little Mermaid (1992 film)	director	Chinami Namba
Sinbad (1993 film)	director	Masakazu Higuchi
Sinbad (1993 film)	director	Chinami Namba
Les Brigades du Tigre	director	Jérôme Cornuau
The Royal Family (TV series)	director	Shelley Jensen
The Royal Family (TV series)	director	Jack Shea (director)
Aladdin (1992 Golden Films film)	director	Masakazu Higuchi
Aladdin (1992 Golden Films film)	director	Chinami Namba
Beauty and the Beast (1992 film)	director	Masakazu Higuchi
Beauty and the Beast (1992 film)	director	Chinami Namba
Leonard Cohen: I'm Your Man	director	Lian Lunson
Rikky and Pete	director	Nadia Tass
How I Got into College	director	Savage Steve Holland
To the Death (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	LeVar Burton
Alai (film)	director	Vikram Kumar
It's My Party (film)	director	Randal Kleiser
Western Union (film)	director	Fritz Lang
Mounam Pesiyadhe	director	Ameer Sultan
A Bucket of Blood (1995 film)	director	Michael McDonald (comedian)
Carry On Henry	director	Gerald Thomas
Rawhead Rex (film)	director	George Pavlou
Aspen Extreme	director	Patrick Hasburgh
Texasville	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Broken Link (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Les Landau
The Mostly Unfabulous Social Life of Ethan Green	director	George Bamber
Whistler's Mother (Arrested Development)	director	Paul Feig
Rivers and Tides	director	Thomas Riedelsheimer
My Uncle Napoleon  دایی جان ناپلئون   1	director	Nasser Taghvai
Eight-Diagram Pole Fighter	director	Lau Kar-leung
Louder Than Live	director	Kevin Kerslake
Comedian (film)	director	Christian Charles
Oh, What a Lovely Tea Party	director	Jennifer Schwalbach Smith
The N-Word	director	Todd Larkins Williams
Brass Monkey (film)	director	Thornton Freeland
Bicycles Are for the Summer	director	Jaime Chávarri
The Idea	director	Owen 'Alik Shahadah
500 Years Later	director	Owen 'Alik Shahadah
Valentín	director	Alejandro Agresti
Tango (film)	director	Carlos Saura
The King (2005 film)	director	James Marsh (director)
The Party Favor	director	Michael Lange
Ancient Evil: Scream of the Mummy	director	David DeCoteau
Marjorie Morningstar (film)	director	Irving Rapper
The Fraternity	director	Sidney J. Furie
Lower City	director	Sérgio Machado
Sugar Daddies	director	Fred Guiol
Sugar Daddies	director	Leo McCarey
Shadow Man (1988 film)	director	Piotr Andrejew
The Second Hundred Years (film)	director	Fred Guiol
The Finishing Touch	director	Clyde Bruckman
The Finishing Touch	director	Leo McCarey
Their Purple Moment	director	James Parrott
Should Married Men Go Home?	director	Leo McCarey
Should Married Men Go Home?	director	James Parrott
Early to Bed	director	Emmett J. Flynn
Habeas Corpus (1928 film)	director	Leo McCarey
Habeas Corpus (1928 film)	director	James Parrott
A/k/a Tommy Chong	director	Josh Gilbert (filmmaker)
From Soup to Nuts	director	Edgar Kennedy
Liberty (1929 film)	director	Leo McCarey
Wrong Again	director	Leo McCarey
That's My Wife (1929 film)	director	Lloyd French
They Go Boom	director	James Parrott
Bacon Grabbers	director	Lewis R. Foster
Angora Love	director	Lewis R. Foster
Slipping Wives	director	Fred Guiol
Leave 'Em Laughing	director	Clyde Bruckman
Good Luck Chuck	director	Mark Helfrich
Nothing but Trouble (1944 film)	director	Sam Taylor (director)
Jitterbugs	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
Welcome to Our Neighborhood	director	Thomas Mignone
Wii Music	director	Kazumi Totaka
Rubin and Ed	director	Trent Harris
Another Fine Mess	director	James Parrott
Men O' War	director	Lewis R. Foster
Them Thar Hills	director	Charley Rogers
Her Alibi	director	Bruce Beresford
A Touch of Spice	director	Tassos Boulmetis
Swimming Upstream	director	Russell Mulcahy
Lost Souls (film)	director	Janusz Kamiński
The Adventures of Twizzle	director	Gerry Anderson
Torchy the Battery Boy	director	Gerry Anderson
The Life (2004 film)	director	Lynne Stopkewich
Corporate (film)	director	Madhur Bhandarkar
The Family Way	director	Boulting brothers
Trauma (1993 film)	director	Dario Argento
Our Lips Are Sealed (film)	director	Craig Shapiro
Milenge Milenge	director	Satish Kaushik
The Andy Dick Show	director	Andy Dick
Perfect Day (1929 film)	director	James Parrott
Blue State (film)	director	Marshall Lewy
Kill the Poor (film)	director	Alan Taylor (director)
Woodenhead	director	Florian Habicht
The Naughty Nineties	director	Jean Yarbrough
Sound and Fury	director	Josh Aronson
The Violent Men	director	Rudolph Maté
Fetching Cody	director	David Ray (director)
Gardish	director	Priyadarshan
Game 6	director	Michael Hoffman (American director)
Pan (film)	director	Harald Schwenzen
One Good Turn (1931 film)	director	James W. Horne
The Bohemian Girl (film)	director	James W. Horne
The Bohemian Girl (film)	director	Charley Rogers
Ace Drummond (serial)	director	Ford Beebe
Jagriti	director	Satyen Bose (director)
Caterina in the Big City	director	Paolo Virzì
Q&A (film)	director	Sidney Lumet
The Big Night	director	Joseph Losey
Do No Harm (Lost)	director	Stephen Williams (director)
The Hour of the Pig	director	Leslie Megahey
Why Girls Love Sailors	director	Fred Guiol
F/X2	director	Richard Franklin (director)
Mr. Freedom	director	William Klein
A Case of Rape	director	Boris Sagal
Penelope (1966 film)	director	Arthur Hiller
Olly Olly Oxen Free (film)	director	Richard A. Colla
Art of the Devil 2	director	Kongkiat Khomsiri
The Principal	director	Christopher Cain
Lipstick (film)	director	Lamont Johnson
Braddock: Missing in Action III	director	Aaron Norris
Firewalker (film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
Camp Blood	director	Brad Sykes
The Born Losers	director	Tom Laughlin
The Hitman (film)	director	Aaron Norris
Out of Reach (film)	director	Po-Chih Leong
Baby Huey's Great Easter Adventure	director	Stephen Furst
Casper and the Angels	director	George Gordon (animator)
Casper and the Angels	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Casper and the Angels	director	Carl Urbano
Casper's First Christmas	director	Carl Urbano
Casper's Halloween Special	director	Carl Urbano
Drillbit Taylor	director	Steven Brill (scriptwriter)
Rise Above: The Tribe 8 Documentary	director	Tracy Flannigan
Live in the Tragic Kingdom	director	Sophie Muller
Scoop (1987 film)	director	Gavin Millar
Passport to Europe	director	Joan McCord
Passport to Europe	director	Sid Goldberg
American Kickboxer	director	Frans Nel
A Girl like Me: The Gwen Araujo Story	director	Agnieszka Holland
The Charge of the Light Brigade (1936 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Maula Jatt	director	Yunus Malik
The Martins (film)	director	Tony Grounds
Barbary Coast (film)	director	Howard Hawks
Pink Cadillac (film)	director	Buddy Van Horn
The Face of Fu Manchu	director	Don Sharp
Labor of Love (film)	director	Karen Arthur
Sainikudu	director	Gunasekhar
Le Couperet	director	Costa-Gavras
Traveller (film)	director	Jack N. Green
Zoom (film)	director	Peter Hewitt (film director)
Carpool (film)	director	Arthur Hiller
Adventures of a Dentist	director	Elem Klimov
Love and a .45	director	C.M. Talkington
Blansky's Beauties	director	Garry Marshall
Blansky's Beauties	director	Jerry Paris
Rufus Jones for President	director	Roy Mack
The Breed (2001 film)	director	Michael Oblowitz
Dear God	director	Garry Marshall
If Lucy Fell	director	Eric Schaeffer
Zeus and Roxanne	director	George T. Miller
Gulliver's Travels (1939 film)	director	Dave Fleischer
Winter Passing	director	Adam Rapp
The Heartbreak Kid (1993 film)	director	Michael Jenkins (director)
Return of the Living Dead: Rave from the Grave	director	Ellory Elkayem
Return of the Living Dead: Necropolis	director	Ellory Elkayem
Fletch Lives	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Fatal Desire	director	Ralph Hemecker
Quartermaine's Terms	director	William Hays
Andhrawala	director	Puri Jagannadh
Aadi (film)	director	V. V. Vinayak
Everyone's Waiting	director	Alan Ball (screenwriter)
The Good Life (1994 TV series)	director	Gerry Cohen (director)
Manasellam	director	Santosh
The Cameraman	director	Edward Sedgwick
The Cameraman	director	Buster Keaton
Allari Bullodu	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana	director	Prabhu Deva
Böse Zellen	director	Barbara Albert
Avengers (video game)	director	Takashi Nishiyama
Wilby Wonderful	director	Daniel MacIvor
Facing the Giants	director	Alex Kendrick
The Magic Sword (film)	director	Bert I. Gordon
I Have Something Important to Tell You	director	Željko Sošić
Switchfootage	director	Switchfoot
Switchfootage	director	E.E. Kennedy
Switchfootage  2   1	director	Switchfoot
Switchfootage  2   1	director	Andy Barron
Kill Me Later	director	Dana Lustig
Tourgasm	director	Dane Cook
The Hound of the Baskervilles (1959 film)	director	Terence Fisher
Recess: Taking the Fifth Grade	director	Howy Parkins
Recess: All Growed Down	director	Howy Parkins
Recess Christmas: Miracle on Third Street	director	Chuck Sheetz
Recess Christmas: Miracle on Third Street	director	Susie Dietter
Book of Love (2004 film)	director	Alan Brown (filmmaker)
Mighty Ducks the Movie: The First Face-Off	director	List of characters on Scrubs#Dr. Doug Murphy
Mighty Ducks the Movie: The First Face-Off	director	Alan Smithee
Vixen!	director	Russ Meyer
Sea of Sand (film)	director	Guy Green (filmmaker)
The Trigger Effect	director	David Koepp
The Hound of the Baskervilles (1939 film)	director	Sidney Lanfield
Who I Am And What I Want	director	Chris Shepherd
Who I Am And What I Want	director	David Shrigley
The Fruit Machine	director	Philip Saville
The Flight of the Phoenix (1965 film)	director	Robert Aldrich
Phantom (1922 film)	director	F. W. Murnau
The Dancer Upstairs (film)	director	John Malkovich
The Birth of a Race	director	John W. Noble (director)
Five Graves to Cairo	director	Billy Wilder
Big Blue Marble	director	Joseph Consentino
Lonesome Jim	director	Steve Buscemi
The Man from Elysian Fields	director	George Hickenlooper
Dogtown (film)	director	George Hickenlooper
Shoot 'Em Up	director	Michael Davis (director)
Lone Wolf and Cub: Sword of Vengeance	director	Kenji Misumi
Lone Wolf and Cub: Baby Cart at the River Styx	director	Kenji Misumi
The Screaming Skull	director	Alex Nicol
Friends (2001 film)	director	Siddique (director)
When Stand Up Stood Out	director	Fran Solomita
Lone Wolf and Cub: Baby Cart to Hades	director	Kenji Misumi
Lone Wolf and Cub: Baby Cart in Peril	director	Buichi Saito
Lone Wolf and Cub: Baby Cart in the Land of Demons	director	Kenji Misumi
Lone Wolf and Cub: White Heaven in Hell	director	Yoshiyuki Kuroda
The Garden of Earthly Delights (film)	director	Lech Majewski
American Pie Presents: The Naked Mile	director	Joe Nussbaum
Lydia (film)	director	Julien Duvivier
Sugar Hill (1994 film)	director	Leon Ichaso
The Love Nest (1923 film)	director	Edward F. Cline
The Love Nest (1923 film)	director	Buster Keaton
Red River Range	director	George Sherman
Alive: 20 Years Later	director	Jill Fullerton-Smith
The Devil's Brother	director	Hal Roach
Liberty Stands Still	director	Kari Skogland
Unstoppable (2004 film)	director	David Carson (director)
The Marksman	director	Marcus Adams
7 Seconds (film)	director	Simon Fellows
Iron Man (film)	director	Jon Favreau
It's a Long Road	director	Pantelis Voulgaris
The Spoilers (1914 film)	director	Colin Campbell (director)
The Spoilers (1914 film)	director	Alfred E. Green
The Spoilers (1930 film)	director	Edward Carewe
The Spoilers (1923 film)	director	Lambert Hillyer
The Spoilers (1942 film)	director	Ray Enright
The Spoilers (1955 film)	director	Jesse Hibbs
Ladies' Night (film)	director	Gabriela Tagliavini
Malibu Express	director	Andy Sidaris
American Ninja 4: The Annihilation	director	Cedric Sundstrom
American Splendor (film)	director	Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini
American Splendor (film)	director	Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini
American Ninja 2: The Confrontation	director	Sam Firstenberg
American Ninja V	director	Bobby Jean Leonard
Initiations (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Winrich Kolbe
The Water Horse: Legend of the Deep	director	Jay Russell
The Aviary	director	Abe Levy
The Dukes of Hazzard: The Beginning	director	Robert Berlinger
Air Raid Wardens	director	Edward Sedgwick
CKY4	director	Bam Margera
Ganja & Hess	director	Bill Gunn (writer)
Tit for Tat (1935 film)	director	Charles Rogers
The Bullfighters	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
The Bullfighters	director	Stan Laurel
Digging to China	director	Timothy Hutton
Demonicus	director	Jay Woelfel
Avvaiyyar (1953 film)	director	Kothamangalam Subbu
Red Ensign (film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
Getting Together (TV series)	director	Lou Antonio
Getting Together (TV series)	director	Jerry Belson
Common Ground (film)	director	Donna Deitch
Bonnie Scotland	director	James W. Horne
Vampires (1986 film)	director	Len Anthony
Negatives (film)	director	Tony Smith (director)
To Die For (1989 film)	director	Deran Sarafian
Held for Ransom (2000 film)	director	List of Hollyoaks characters (1995–96)#Lee Stanley
The Frightened City	director	John Lemont
The Dancing Masters	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
Umrao Jaan (2006 film)	director	J. P. Dutta
The Dark Half (film)	director	George A. Romero
Non Sequitur (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Le Roi des Champs-Élysées	director	Max Nosseck
Seven Chances	director	Buster Keaton
Hurricane Streets	director	Morgan J. Freeman
Sergeant Rutledge	director	John Ford
Claustrophobia (2004 film)	director	Mark Tapio Kines
Libertarias	director	Vicente Aranda
Spring Forward	director	Tom Gilroy
Repentance (film)	director	Tengiz Abuladze
Hard Luck	director	Mario Van Peebles
The Detonator	director	Po-Chih Leong
October Moon	director	Jason Paul Collum
Flesheater	director	Bill Hinzman
Falling from the Sky: Flight 174	director	Jorge Montesi
Ao no Honō	director	Yukio Ninagawa
Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut	director	Richard Donner
Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut	director	Richard Lester
The Roaring 20s (TV series)	director	Robert Altman
The Roaring 20s (TV series)	director	Richard Benedict
The Roaring 20s (TV series)	director	Charles F. Haas
The Roaring 20s (TV series)	director	Stuart Heisler
The Roaring 20s (TV series)	director	Marc Lawrence
The Roaring 20s (TV series)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
The Roaring 20s (TV series)	director	Sidney Salkow
The Roaring 20s (TV series)	director	Richard C. Sarafian
The Roaring 20s (TV series)	director	Robert Sparr
The Roaring 20s (TV series)	director	George Waggner
Lemming (film)	director	Dominik Moll
Latitude Zero (film)	director	Ishirō Honda
Friends & Lovers (film)	director	George Haas (director)
The Haunted Castle (1921 film)	director	F. W. Murnau
Wild America (film)	director	William Dear
A Couch in New York	director	Chantal Akerman
The Anniversary (Fawlty Towers)	director	Bob Spiers
Opera (film)	director	Dario Argento
Crocodile 2: Death Swamp	director	Gary Jones (director)
Crocodile (2000 film)	director	Tobe Hooper
The Great New Wonderful	director	Danny Leiner
Santa Claws	director	John A. Russo
Humraaz	director	Abbas-Mustan
Man of a Thousand Faces	director	Joseph Pevney
The Four Feathers (1939 film)	director	Zoltan Korda
The Mating Habits of the Earthbound Human	director	Jeff Abugov
The Last Communist	director	Amir Muhammad
Basil the Rat	director	Bob Spiers
Prankstar	director	Tom Green
Sleepers (TV series)	director	Geoffrey Sax
The Chamber (film)	director	James Foley
Atlantic Rhapsody	director	Katrin Ottarsdóttir
Celebrity Boxing	director	Sandy Grossman
The Sons of Katie Elder	director	Henry Hathaway
The War Wagon	director	Burt Kennedy
Jhoom Barabar Jhoom	director	Shaad Ali
Elaan	director	Vikram Bhatt
Beast from Haunted Cave	director	Monte Hellman
Franco, ese hombre	director	José Luis Sáenz de Heredia
Primeval (film)	director	Michael Katleman
Vampira (film)	director	Clive Donner
Do or Die (1991 film)	director	Andy Sidaris
3 Deewarein	director	Nagesh Kukunoor
Prophecy (film)	director	John Frankenheimer
Yogi (2007 film)	director	V. V. Vinayak
Legion of the Night	director	Matt Jaissle
I Have a Date with Spring	director	Clifton Ko
Evil Ambitions	director	Mark Burchett
Evil Ambitions	director	Michael D. Fox
Nastasja	director	Andrzej Wajda
Cruel, Cruel Love	director	George Nichols (actor)
Cruel, Cruel Love	director	Mack Sennett
The Hand (film)	director	Oliver Stone
The Glass Shield	director	Charles Burnett (director)
His New Profession	director	Charlie Chaplin
Haze (2005 film)	director	Shinya Tsukamoto
We Own the Night	director	James Gray (film director)
Spring Breakout	director	Russo brothers
Meat the Veals	director	Russo brothers
Chain of Command (film)	director	John Terlesky
Winstanley (film)	director	Kevin Brownlow
Winstanley (film)	director	Andrew Mollo
Stairs 1 Geneva	director	Peter Greenaway
Ta Ra Rum Pum	director	Siddharth Anand
Guns of the Magnificent Seven	director	Paul Wendkos
Mexico Trilogy	director	Robert Rodriguez
Easy Money (1983 film)	director	James Signorelli
City of Industry (film)	director	John Irvin
Wild Hogs	director	Walt Becker
O Quatrilho	director	Fábio Barreto
The U.S. vs. John Lennon	director	David Leaf
Mass (film)	director	Lawrence Raghavendra
Arya (2004 film)	director	Sukumar
Wrong Turn 2 Dead End	director	Joe Lynch (director)
Shiner (2004 film)	director	Christian Calson
Black God, White Devil	director	Glauber Rocha
The Cat and the Canary (1927 film)	director	Paul Leni
O Dragão da Maldade Contra o Santo Guerreiro	director	Glauber Rocha
Invasion of the Body Snatchers (1978 film)	director	Philip Kaufman
Body Snatchers (1993 film)	director	Abel Ferrara
Xica da Silva	director	Carlos Diegues
The Master (1989 film)	director	Tsui Hark
Latin Dragon	director	Flight of the Living Dead: Outbreak on a Plane
Valley of the Dinosaurs	director	Charles August Nichols
Thicker than Water (1999 film)	director	Richard Cummings, Jr
Life is to Whistle	director	Fernando Pérez
The Man I Love (film)	director	Raoul Walsh
1:42.08	director	George Lucas
Suite Habana	director	Fernando Pérez
How to Rob a Bank	director	Andrews Jenkins
Funny Games (2008 film)	director	Michael Haneke
The Magnificent Seven Ride	director	George McCowan
Men of Crisis: The Harvey Wallinger Story	director	Woody Allen
Viva Cuba	director	Juan Carlos Cremata Malberti
Oscuros Rinocerontes Enjaulados	director	Juan Carlos Cremata Malberti
9mm Sunrise	director	Scott Shaw
A Dangerous Man: Lawrence After Arabia	director	Christopher Menaul
Jamie Foxx: Straight from the Foxxhole	director	Rocco Urbisci
Style (2006 film)	director	Lawrence Raghavendra
Held Up	director	Steve Rash
Rocío de La Mancha	director	Luis Lucia
A Mother's Instinct	director	Sam Pillsbury
Jaani Dushman	director	Rajkumar Kohli
Lage Raho Munna Bhai	director	Rajkumar Hirani
Bouli	director	Denis Olivieri
How to Cheat in the Leaving Certificate	director	Graham Jones (director)
Return of the Seven	director	Burt Kennedy
Fudge 44	director	Graham Jones (director)
Remember This?	director	Bruce Burmester
Remember This?	director	Sande Stewart
Oh Dad, Poor Dad, Mama's Hung You in the Closet and I'm Feelin' So Sad	director	Richard Quine
Shattered (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Terry Windell
Lineage (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Peter Lauritson
I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry	director	Dennis Dugan
She (1935 film)	director	Lansing C. Holden
She (1935 film)	director	Irving Pichel
Simon Says (film)	director	William Dear
All Jokes Aside	director	Harell Smith
The Beggar's Opera (film)	director	Peter Brook
Carlota Joaquina – Princesa do Brasil	director	Carla Camurati
Video de Familia	director	Humberto Padrón
Spring and Port Wine	director	Peter Hammond
Rendu	director	Sundar C.
Nerrukku Ner	director	Vasanth
The Charmings	director	Gerren Keith
The Charmings	director	Jack Shea (director)
Past Tense (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Reza Badiyi
Past Tense (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Jonathan Frakes
The Nativity Story	director	Catherine Hardwicke
Jamie Foxx: I Might Need Security	director	Chuck Vinson
Shade (film)	director	Damian Nieman
The Times of Harvey Milk	director	Rob Epstein
The New Adventures of Superman (TV series)	director	Hal Sutherland
Apocalypse Rising	director	James L. Conway
Welcome (2007 film)	director	Anees Bazmee
Samba (film)	director	V. V. Vinayak
Ashok (film)	director	Surender Reddy
Projections (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Jonathan Frakes
Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	J. Jon Bruno
Elogium	director	Winrich Kolbe
Molly: An American Girl on the Home Front	director	Joyce Chopra
Greetings from Earth	director	Ahmet Lateef
Wetback: The Undocumented Documentary	director	Arturo Perez Torres
Guns (film)	director	Andy Sidaris
Cuban Pete (film)	director	Jean Yarbrough
Cruise of the Gods	director	Declan Lowney
La Isla misteriosa y el capitán Nemo	director	Juan Antonio Bardem
La Isla misteriosa y el capitán Nemo	director	Henri Colpi
The Lost World (1960 film)	director	Irwin Allen
Mahapurush	director	Satyajit Ray
Woman Haters	director	Archie Gottler
Aurora: Operation Intercept	director	Paul Levine
Stoogemania	director	Chuck Workman
Om Shanti Om	director	Farah Khan
Fascination (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Avery Brooks
Medal of Honor (1999 video game)	director	Steven Spielberg
Damnation Alley (film)	director	Jack Smight
The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer (TV film)	director	Craig R. Baxley
Quartet (1981 film)	director	James Ivory (director)
Samson and Delilah (1996 film)	director	Nicolas Roeg
Say Uncle (film)	director	Peter Paige
The Ship (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Kim Friedman
Magic in the Water	director	Rick Stevenson
Motives (film)	director	Craig Ross, Jr.
Bub (film)	director	Jyoti Sarup
Arena (1989 film)	director	Peter Manoogian
Alien 51	director	Brennon Jones
Alien 51	director	Paul Wynne
The Name of the Rose (film)	director	Jean-Jacques Annaud
Bullet (1996 film)	director	Julien Temple
Sea of Dust (film)	director	Scott Bunt
All or Nothing (film)	director	Mike Leigh
Tideland (film)	director	Terry Gilliam
Tim (film)	director	Michael Pate
Dracula: Pages from a Virgin's Diary	director	Guy Maddin
Tales from the Gimli Hospital	director	Guy Maddin
Thursday's Child (1943 film)	director	Rodney Ackland
The Three Mothers	director	Dario Argento
Pelts (Masters of Horror)	director	Dario Argento
The Comedy of Terrors	director	Jacques Tourneur
Histoires extraordinaires	director	Federico Fellini
Histoires extraordinaires	director	Louis Malle
Histoires extraordinaires	director	Roger Vadim
Green Hell	director	James Whale
Angels & Demons (film)	director	Ron Howard
The Wicked City (1992 film)	director	Peter Mak
War (film)	director	Philip Atwell
The Butcher Boy (1917 film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Devil at Your Heels	director	Robert Fortier
Jigoku (film)	director	Nobuo Nakagawa
That Championship Season (1982 film)	director	Jason Miller (playwright)
The Bear (1988 film)	director	Jean-Jacques Annaud
Patlabor: The Movie	director	Mamoru Oshii
Exterminator 2	director	Mark Buntzman
The Grid (TV miniseries)	director	Mikael Saloman
Trailer Town	director	Giuseppe Andrews
The Power (film)	director	Byron Haskin
The Time Travelers (1964 film)	director	Ib Melchior
Last Exit (2003 film)	director	David Noel Bourke
A Small Town in Texas	director	Jack Starrett
White Lightning (1973 film)	director	Joseph Sargent
The Quiet Earth (film)	director	Geoff Murphy
The Rocketeer (film)	director	Joe Johnston
The Rocketeer (film)	director	Mark Dindal
Fatty and Mabel Adrift	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Out West (1918 film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Amour et confusions	director	Patrick Braoudé
Idiot Box (film)	director	David Caesar
Dead to the World  ead to the World   1	director	Joseph Cultice
Fida	director	Ken Ghosh
Gator (film)	director	Burt Reynolds
Gator (film)	director	James Best
The Tiger of Eschnapur (1959 film)	director	Fritz Lang
The Heavenly Kid	director	Cary Medoway
The January Man	director	Pat O'Connor (director)
20,000 Leagues Under the Sea (1907 film)	director	Georges Méliès
20,000 Leagues Under the Sea (1916 film)	director	Stuart Paton
Captain Nemo and the Underwater City	director	James Hill (British director)
The Return of Captain Nemo	director	Alex March
The Return of Captain Nemo	director	Paul Stader
One Bright Shining Moment: The Forgotten Summer of George McGovern	director	Stephen Vittoria
20,000 Leagues Under the Sea (1997 Hallmark film)	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Crayola Kids Adventures: 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea	director	Michael Kruzan
Punks (film)	director	Patrik-Ian Polk
Noin seitsemän veljestä	director	Jukka Virtanen (director)
Viu-hah hah-taja	director	Ere Kokkonen
Midnight Runaround	director	Frank De Palma
Vampire Circus	director	Robert Young (director)
In the Line of Duty: Street War	director	Dick Lowry
The Ernest Green Story	director	Eric Laneuville
The Adventures of Marco Polo	director	Archie Mayo
The Adventures of Marco Polo	director	John Ford
The Great Garrick	director	James Whale
Four's a Crowd	director	Michael Curtiz
Three Sheets	director	Michael Kelly
Survive Style 5+	director	Gen Sekiguchi
God Is in the TV  God Is in the T.V.   1	director	Marilyn Manson
God Is in the TV  God Is in the T.V.   1	director	Perou
God Is in the TV  God Is in the T.V.   1	director	Samuel Bayer
God Is in the TV  God Is in the T.V.   1	director	Paul Hunter (director)
God Is in the TV  God Is in the T.V.   1	director	Mathew Ralson
God Is in the TV  God Is in the T.V.   1	director	E. Elias Merhige
God Is in the TV  God Is in the T.V.   1	director	Floria Sigismondi
God Is in the TV  God Is in the T.V.   1	director	Dean Karr
God Is in the TV  God Is in the T.V.   1	director	Tom Stern (director)
God Is in the TV  God Is in the T.V.   1	director	Richard Kern
God Is in the TV  God Is in the T.V.   1	director	Rod Chong
Crackle of Death	director	Alex Grasshoff
Crackle of Death	director	Don Weis
The Long Weekend	director	Pat Holden
Here Comes the Groom	director	Frank Capra
Ripley's Game (film)	director	Liliana Cavani
Taxi 4	director	Gérard Krawczyk
Victory at Entebbe	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
Operation Thunderbolt (film)	director	Menahem Golan
Blackwoods (film)	director	Uwe Boll
The Love of Sunya	director	Albert Parker (director)
Lyle the Kindly Viking	director	Tim Hodge
Live on the Other Side	director	Lawrence Jordan
Deepwater (film)	director	David S. Marfield
Gendarme in New York	director	Jean Girault
Le gendarme en balade	director	Jean Girault
Across the Continent	director	Phil Rosen
Human Wreckage	director	John Griffith Wray
The Tracker	director	Rolf de Heer
Summer Catch	director	Michael Tollin
Widows' Peak	director	John Irvin
No Dough Boys	director	Jules White
That Championship Season (1999 film)	director	Paul Sorvino
Wristcutters: A Love Story	director	Goran Dukić
Bickford Shmeckler's Cool Ideas	director	Scott Lew
The Day of the Triffids (film)	director	Steve Sekely
Triplex (film)	director	Georges Lautner
Hotel Erotica Cabo	director	Gary Dean Orona
The Storyteller (The Twilight Zone)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Tales of Wells Fargo	director	Earl Bellamy
Tales of Wells Fargo	director	William F. Claxton
Tales of Wells Fargo	director	Lewis R. Foster
Tales of Wells Fargo	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Tales of Wells Fargo	director	Gene Reynolds
Tales of Wells Fargo	director	Sidney Salkow
Tales of Wells Fargo	director	R. G. Springsteen
Tales of Wells Fargo	director	George Waggner
Tales of Wells Fargo	director	William Witney
Fade to Black (1980 film)	director	Vernon Zimmerman
The Age of Innocence (film)	director	Martin Scorsese
Hellboy: Sword of Storms	director	Tad Stones
Fun (film)	director	Rafal Zielinski
Hellboy: Blood and Iron	director	Victor Cook
Hellboy: Blood and Iron	director	Tad Stones
Chicago Story	director	Corey Allen
Chicago Story	director	Lee H. Katzin
Chicago Story	director	Christian I. Nyby II
Chicago Story	director	Jerry Thorpe
Pyaar To Hona Hi Tha	director	Anees Bazmee
Killer Diller	director	Tricia Brock (director)
Bhagam Bhag	director	Priyadarshan
Partner (2007 film)	director	David Dhawan
A Matter of Wife... And Death	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas (film)	director	Terry Gilliam
The Birds and the Bees (film)	director	Norman Taurog
The Wheeler Dealers	director	Arthur Hiller
East Side Kids (film)	director	Robert F. Hill
Duel at Diablo	director	Ralph Nelson
The Scarlet Blade	director	John Gilling
Donovan's Brain (film)	director	Felix E. Feist
The Lady and the Monster	director	George Sherman
A View from Eiffel Tower	director	Nikola Vukčević
Taking Care of Business	director	Arthur Hiller
Slaves of New York	director	James Ivory (director)
Tiresia	director	Bertrand Bonello
Super (2005 film)	director	Puri Jagannadh
Firestorm (film)	director	Dean Semler
Blacke's Magic	director	John Llewellyn Moxey
Gypsy 83	director	Todd Stephens
Lakshmi (film)	director	V. V. Vinayak
Sugar (TV series)	director	Michael Hooey
Tiara Tahiti	director	Ted Kotcheff
That Summer Day	director	Jon East
Gemini (1999 film)	director	Shinya Tsukamoto
Just a Gigolo (1931 film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
What's a Nice Girl Like You Doing in a Place Like This?	director	Martin Scorsese
Schöner Gigolo, armer Gigolo	director	David Hemmings
Virginal Young Blondes	director	Mark L. Feinsod
Love Is Colder Than Death (film)	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
American Gothic (film)	director	John Hough (director)
Munna (film)	director	Vamsi Paidipally
Bhadra (film)	director	Boyapati Seenu
Jane Austen in Manhattan	director	James Ivory (director)
Chukkallo Chandrudu	director	Siva Kumar
Illegal Aliens (film)	director	David Giancola
The Venice Project	director	Robert Dornhelm
Pathfinder (2007 film)	director	Marcus Nispel
Arjun (2004 film)	director	Gunasekhar
Boys of the City	director	Joseph H. Lewis
Elles étaient cinq	director	Ghyslaine Côté
Killer Tomatoes Strike Back	director	John De Bello
When Worlds Collide (film)	director	Rudolph Maté
Poor White Trash (film)	director	Michael Addis
Ang Tanging Ina	director	Wenn V. Deramas
The Night Listener (film)	director	Patrick Stettner
A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries (film)	director	James Ivory (director)
Paradise Alley	director	Sylvester Stallone
XX (CSI)	director	Deran Sarafian
I Have Tourette's but Tourette's Doesn't Have Me	director	Ellen Goosenberg Kent
Joan of Arc (miniseries)	director	Christian Duguay (director)
Accidental Family	director	Earl Bellamy
Accidental Family	director	Sheldon Leonard
Accidental Family	director	Bob Sweeney (director)
Sasha & John Digweed present Delta Heavy	director	Benjamin Turner
The Law of Enclosures (film)	director	John Greyson
Gold Diggers of Broadway (film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
Keerthi Chakra	director	Major Ravi
On with the Show (1929 film)	director	Alan Crosland
Mischief (film)	director	Mel Damski
The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight  he Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight   1	director	James Goldstone
The Phantom of Liberty	director	Luis Buñuel
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time (film)	director	Mike Newell (director)
The Girls of Kamare	director	René Viénet
Hong Kong Institute of Vocational Education	director	Carrie Willis
Mercury Man (film)	director	Bhandit Thongdee
Home of the Brave (2006 film)	director	Irwin Winkler
Omega Doom	director	Albert Pyun
Touring the Angel: Live in Milan	director	Blue Leach
Lullaby of Broadway (film)	director	David Butler
Indianapolis Museum of Art	director	Maxwell L. Anderson
Shakti (1982 film)	director	Ramesh Sippy
War of the Buttons (1962 film)	director	Yves Robert
New Attitude (TV series)	director	Oz Scott
Tagore (film)	director	V. V. Vinayak
Balu ABCDEFG	director	A. Karunakaran
Logan's Run (film)	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Creator (film)	director	Ivan Passer
Apache (film)	director	Robert Aldrich
Gudumba Shankar	director	Veera Shankar
Stranger in Our House	director	Wes Craven
Convention City	director	Archie Mayo
Madhurey	director	Ramana Madhesh
End Day	director	Gareth Edwards (television)
Beyond Belief (1990 film)	director	Stephen Yake
The Kingdom (film)	director	Peter Berg
Metalstorm: The Destruction of Jared-Syn	director	Charles Band
The Guns of Will Sonnett	director	Jack Arnold (director)
The Guns of Will Sonnett	director	Irving J. Moore
The Guns of Will Sonnett	director	Michael O'Herlihy
The Guns of Will Sonnett	director	Richard C. Sarafian
The Guns of Will Sonnett	director	Jud Taylor
The Guns of Will Sonnett	director	Jean Yarbrough
K2 (film)	director	Franc Roddam
Johnny Tremain (film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
3 Strikes (film)	director	DJ Pooh
Picnic at Hanging Rock	director	Peter Weir
Favela Rising	director	Matt Mochary
Favela Rising	director	Jeff Zimbalist
The Way West (film)	director	Andrew McLaglen
The Proprietor	director	Ismail Merchant
Queasy Rider (King of the Hill)	director	Wes Archer
Mysterious Doctor Satan	director	William Witney
Mysterious Doctor Satan	director	John English (director)
Pori (film)	director	Subramani Siva
Oram Po	director	Pushkar-Gayathri
A Rumor of Angels	director	Peter O'Fallon
The Golden Bowl (film)	director	James Ivory (director)
The Secret Lives of Dentists	director	Alan Rudolph
Firehouse (1997 film)	director	Alan Smithee
Investigating Sex	director	Alan Rudolph
Octane (film)	director	Marcus Adams
Minnie and Moskowitz	director	John Cassavetes
Rebels of the Neon God	director	Tsai Ming-liang
The Lost City (1935 serial)	director	Harry Revier
A Chorus Line (film)	director	Richard Attenborough
S.O.S. Coast Guard	director	Alan James
S.O.S. Coast Guard	director	William Witney
Bangkok Dangerous (2008 film)	director	Pang brothers
Sampo (film)	director	Aleksandr Ptushko
Sampo (film)	director	Risto Orko
Dramatic School (film)	director	Robert B. Sinclair
E (film)	director	S. P. Jananathan
Even Hitler Had a Girlfriend	director	Ronnie Cramer
Luster (film)	director	Everett Lewis
Packing the Monkeys, Again!	director	Marija Perović
Muñeca Brava	director	Hernán Abrahamnsohn
Muñeca Brava	director	Gaita Aragona
Muñeca Brava	director	Víctor Stella
Teddy Bears' Picnic (film)	director	Harry Shearer
Unchained (film)	director	Hall Bartlett
The Fluffer	director	Richard Glatzer
The Fluffer	director	Wash West
Theirs Is the Glory	director	Brian Desmond Hurst
Theirs Is the Glory	director	Terence Young
Magnificat (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
The Wind in the Willows (TV series)	director	Cosgrove Hall Films
The Wind in the Willows (TV series)	director	Chris Taylor (producer)
The Wind in the Willows (TV series)	director	Jackie Cockle
The Best Bad Thing	director	Peter Rowe (filmmaker)
Beladingala Baale	director	Sunil Kumar Desai
Mr. Krueger's Christmas	director	Kieth Merrill
Johnny (2003 film)	director	Pawan Kalyan
Devadasu	director	YVS Chowdary
Venky	director	Srinu Vaitla
Vikramarkudu	director	S. S. Rajamouli
A Midsummer Night's Rave	director	Gil Cates Jr.
Destroyer (film)	director	Robert Kirk
Double Happiness (film)	director	Mina Shum
Camera Buff	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Brown's Requiem (film)	director	Jason Freeland
Matador (film)	director	Pedro Almodóvar
Beijing Bicycle	director	Wang Xiaoshuai
Loverboy (2005 film)	director	Kevin Bacon
Scarecrows (1988 film)	director	William Wesley
Fathers & Sons (film)	director	Paul Mones
Re-cycle	director	Pang brothers
The Warrior and the Sorceress	director	John C. Broderick
Chris Cross (TV series)	director	Dennis Abey
Chris Cross (TV series)	director	Ron Oliver
Closing the Ring	director	Richard Attenborough
Edmond (film)	director	Stuart Gordon
Days of Glory (2006 film)	director	Rachid Bouchareb
Little Nikita	director	Richard Benjamin
Mister Johnson	director	Bruce Beresford
Generation O!	director	Mike Milo
Head over Heels (2001 film)	director	Mark Waters (director)
Yun Hota Toh Kya Hota	director	Naseeruddin Shah
La Cérémonie	director	Claude Chabrol
Guestward, Ho!	director	Claudio Guzmán
Barge of the Dead (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Mike Vejar
Heart of Stone (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Alexander Singer
Improbable Cause	director	Avery Brooks
The Die Is Cast (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	David Livingston
Shakaar	director	Jonathan West
The Darkness and the Light (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Mike Vejar
Bhuvan Shome	director	Mrinal Sen
Hackers Wanted	director	Sam Bozzo
Dingaka	director	Jamie Uys
Izzat (film)	director	Ulrik Imtiaz Rolfsen
The Wire (episode)	director	Ed Bianchi
Waldorf Salad (Fawlty Towers)	director	Bob Spiers
Old Cases	director	Clement Virgo
One Arrest	director	Joe Chappelle
Perfect Friday	director	Peter Hall (director)
The Pager	director	Clark Johnson
Veyil	director	Vasanthabalan
The Oh in Ohio	director	Billy Kent
The Cat Creeps	director	Rupert Julian
The Cat Creeps	director	John Willard (playwright)
The Last Warning	director	Paul Leni
Seasons of the Heart (film)	director	T. C. Christensen
The Groomsmen	director	Edward Burns
Death Rides a Horse	director	Giulio Petroni
Police (2005 film)	director	V. K. Prakash
Mini's First Time	director	Nick Guthe
Pilot (Psych episode)	director	Michael Engler
Takkari Donga	director	Jayanth C. Paranjee
The Paul Lynde Show	director	William Asher
The Paul Lynde Show	director	Bruce Bilson
The Paul Lynde Show	director	Jerry London
Vettaiyaadu Vilaiyaadu	director	Gautham Menon
Daivanamathil	director	Jayaraj
The Power of the Press	director	Frank Capra
Broadway Bill	director	Frank Capra
Kalyug (film)	director	Mohit Suri
Kalyug (1981 film)	director	Shyam Benegal
Chilly Scenes of Winter (film)	director	Joan Micklin Silver
Life & Style	director	Paul Nichols
Brotherhood (2006 TV series)	director	Ed Bianchi
Brotherhood (2006 TV series)	director	Nick Gomez
Brotherhood (2006 TV series)	director	List of Brotherhood writers and directors#Directing staff
Love in 3-D	director	Walter Boos
Tovarich (film)	director	Anatole Litvak
Bearcats!	director	Richard Donner
Bearcats!	director	Robert Totten
The Lump	director	John Weldon
The Coastline	director	Peter Greenaway
Lion of Oz	director	Tim Deacon
C.I.D. Moosa	director	Johny Antony
Ivar (film)	director	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
Valathottu Thirinjal Nalamathe Veedu	director	Ansar Kalabhavan
Chathikkatha Chanthu	director	Rafi Mecartin
Alien Radio	director	Neill Fearnley
Amrutham	director	Sibi Malayil
Donor (The Outer Limits)	director	Jimmy Kaufman
Chinthamani Kolacase	director	Shaji Kailas
Small Friends (The Outer Limits)	director	Neill Fearnley
The Grell	director	Jorge Montesi
Body Rock	director	Marcelo Epstein
The Little Ones	director	Jim O'Connolly
American Boy: A Profile of Steven Prince	director	Martin Scorsese
New Women	director	Cai Chusheng
Joyride (The Outer Limits)	director	James Head
Othello (1995 film)	director	Oliver Parker
Burked (CSI)	director	Danny Cannon
Zidane: A 21st Century Portrait	director	Douglas Gordon
Zidane: A 21st Century Portrait	director	Philippe Parreno
Scooby-Doo! and the Legend of the Vampire	director	Scott Jeralds
The Second Hundred Years (TV series)	director	John Erman
The Second Hundred Years (TV series)	director	Paul Junger Witt
International Velvet (film)	director	Bryan Forbes
Crossing the Bridge	director	Mike Binder
Allari Pidugu	director	Jayanth C. Paranjee
Veerabhadra (film)	director	A.S. Ravi Kumar Chowdary
The Debbie Reynolds Show	director	Ezra Stone
Pure Country	director	Christopher Cain
Hayride to Hell	director	Kimble Rendall
Orphans of the Storm	director	D. W. Griffith
Way to Go (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
Margin for Error	director	Otto Preminger
Emerald City (play)	director	Michael Jenkins
The Great Alaskan Mystery	director	Lewis D. Collins
The Great Alaskan Mystery	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Interface (film)	director	Andy Anderson
My American Cousin	director	Sandy Wilson (director)
Swamp Thing (film)	director	Wes Craven
Ninja Gaiden (Nintendo Entertainment System)	director	Hideo Yoshizawa
Black Snake Moan (film)	director	Craig Brewer
Crank (film)	director	Neveldine/Taylor
Rhubarb Rhubarb	director	Eric Sykes
Les Chevaliers du ciel	director	Gérard Pirès
Mogudu Pellam O Dongodu	director	Venky
The Final Kiss	director	Scott Shaw
Killer: Dead or Alive	director	Scott Shaw
Listen to the Rain on the Roof	director	Larry Shaw (director)
The White Diamond	director	Werner Herzog
Vennela	director	Deva Katta
Naa Alludu	director	Vara Mullapudi
Lithia (The Outer Limits)	director	Helen Shaver
Double Helix (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
Crossing (2005 film)	director	Roger Evan Larry
Childstar	director	Don McKellar
Salvation!	director	Beth Billingsly
Pass the Ammo	director	David Beaird
Pray TV	director	Rick Friedberg
Romy and Michele: In the Beginning	director	Robin Schiff
Ebb Tide (The Wire)	director	Ed Bianchi
S.P.I.T.: Squeegee Punks in Traffic	director	Daniel Cross (filmmaker)
What Is It?	director	Crispin Glover
Vidas Secas (film)	director	Nelson Pereira dos Santos
Raggedy Man	director	Jack Fisk
Burglar (film)	director	Hugh Wilson (director)
The Perfect Son	director	Leonard Farlinger
Uncut (film)	director	John Greyson
Rock Opera (film)	director	Bob Ray
Dil	director	Indra Kumar
Collateral Damage (The Wire)	director	Ed Bianchi
The Beach Boys: An American Family	director	Jeff Bleckner
Hot Shots (The Wire)	director	Elodie Keene
Hard Cases	director	Elodie Keene
In Our Own Image	director	Steve Anker
The Whispering Shadow	director	Colbert Clark
The Whispering Shadow	director	Albert Herman
Bucking Broadway	director	John Ford
Sex and Death 101	director	Daniel Waters (writer)
Im Juli	director	Fatih Akın
Forest of the Gods	director	Algimantas Puipa
Drug Wars: The Camarena Story	director	Brian Gibson (director)
The Magic of Herself the Elf	director	Raymond Jafelice
Fool n Final	director	Ahmed Khan (choreographer)
The Kipper and the Corpse	director	Bob Spiers
It Takes Two (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Grossman (director)
Genesis (Heroes)	director	David Semel
Blackout Effect	director	Jeff Bleckner
Hell on Wheels (2007 film)	director	Bob Ray
Aalog-Alog	director	Randy Santiago
Bus 44	director	Dayyan Eng
Some of My Best Friends	director	James Widdoes
The Fairylogue and Radio-Plays	director	Francis Boggs
The Fairylogue and Radio-Plays	director	Otis Turner
Mind the Gap (2004 film)	director	Eric Schaeffer
Fled	director	Kevin Hooks
Television Parts	director	Micky Dolenz
Anatomy of t.A.T.u.	director	Vitaly Mansky
A Mighty Heart (film)	director	Michael Winterbottom
Undertow (The Wire)	director	Steve Shill
All Prologue	director	Steve Shill
Backwash (The Wire)	director	Thomas J. Wright
Un Argentino en New York	director	Juan José Jusid
La Fuga	director	Eduardo Mignogna
I Want to Marry Ryan Banks	director	Sheldon Larry
Girl with a Pearl Earring (film)	director	Peter Webber
Duck and Cover (The Wire)	director	Dan Attias
Rehguzar	director	Jyoti Sarup
The Curiosity of Chance	director	Russell P. Marleau
Frontpage (TV series)	director	Kabir Bhatia
Amblin'	director	Steven Spielberg
The Forsaken (film)	director	J. S. Cardone
Thief of Hearts	director	Douglas Day Stewart
Switch Hitter	director	Paul Feig
Maelström (film)	director	Denis Villeneuve
Mickey's Mellerdrammer	director	Wilfred Jackson
Decasia	director	Bill Morrison (director)
It's Not Just You, Murray!	director	Martin Scorsese
Screenplay (1984 film)	director	Steve Scott (pornographer)
Flashpoint (film)	director	William Tannen
Undeveloped Buffy the Vampire Slayer spinoffs	director	Tim Minear
Who's Quentin?	director	Sacha Bachim
Centurians of Rome	director	John Christopher (pornographer)
Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places	director	Andrew Robinson (actor)
Imokawa Mukuzo Genkanban no Maki	director	Ōten Shimokawa
Tears of the Prophets	director	Allan Kroeker
Michael Clayton (film)	director	Tony Gilroy
Pedicab Driver	director	Sammo Hung
Time and Tide (2000 film)	director	Tsui Hark
The 6th Man	director	Randall Miller
Three Little Pigskins	director	Ray McCarey
Apasionados	director	Juan José Jusid
28 Weeks Later	director	Juan Carlos Fresnadillo
The Truth About Charlie	director	Jonathan Demme
Merci Docteur Rey	director	Andrew Litvack
Grown Ups (1999 TV series)	director	Rich Correll
Grown Ups (1999 TV series)	director	Matthew Diamond
Grown Ups (1999 TV series)	director	Sheldon Epps
Grown Ups (1999 TV series)	director	Jeff Melman
Grown Ups (1999 TV series)	director	Jonathan Prince
Grown Ups (1999 TV series)	director	Brian K. Roberts
Grown Ups (1999 TV series)	director	Tony Singletary
Grown Ups (1999 TV series)	director	John Tracy (director)
Grown Ups (1999 TV series)	director	John Whitesell
Grown Ups (1999 TV series)	director	Steve Zuckerman
McHale's Navy (film)	director	Bryan Spicer
Deepavali (film)	director	S.Ezhil
Koodal Nagar	director	Seenu Ramasamy
Madagascar (1994 film)	director	Fernando Pérez
The Man Who Killed Batman	director	Bruce Timm
The Colgate Comedy Hour	director	William Asher
The Colgate Comedy Hour	director	James V. Kern
The Colgate Comedy Hour	director	Bud Yorkin
Fantaghirò series	director	Lamberto Bava
Shadows and Symbols	director	Allan Kroeker
Young Man with a Horn (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Sound of Her Voice	director	Winrich Kolbe
Trudell	director	Heather Rae
The Reckoning (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
Pokémon: The Rise of Darkrai	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
Pokémon: The Rise of Darkrai	director	Tom Wayland
Valiant (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Mike Vejar
Wisdom (film)	director	Emilio Estevez
Wisdom (film)	director	Robert Wise
Afterimage (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Les Landau
Black River (1993 film)	director	Kevin Lucas
The Magic Cloak of Oz	director	J. Farrell MacDonald
Beast Cops	director	Gordon Chan
Beast Cops	director	Dante Lam
The Hitcher II: I've Been Waiting	director	Louis Morneau
The Hitcher II: I've Been Waiting	director	David Bixler
Tea for Two (film)	director	David Butler (director)
Escape to Athena	director	George P. Cosmatos
The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm	director	Henry Levin
The Wonderful World of the Brothers Grimm	director	George Pal
Polish Wedding	director	Theresa Connelly
I Love You, I Love You Not	director	Billy Hopkins
I Can Hardly Wait	director	Jules White
Nutty but Nice	director	Jules White
The Conquering Power	director	Rex Ingram (director)
Asterix and the Big Fight (film)	director	Philippe Grimond
No sos vos, soy yo	director	Juan Taratuto
Beau-père	director	Bertrand Blier
Cry Uncle!	director	John G. Avildsen
In the Cards	director	Michael Dorn
Dance Craze	director	Joe Massot
The Children's Hour (film)	director	William Wyler
Mr. Lucky (film)	director	H. C. Potter
Rocks and Shoals (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Mike Vejar
Marc (TV series)	director	Nicholas Ferguson
The Bostonians (film)	director	James Ivory (director)
Kiss Me Quick!	director	Peter Perry (director)
The Wilby Conspiracy	director	Ralph Nelson
The New York Hat	director	D. W. Griffith
In the Land of Women	director	Jon Kasdan
Breathless (1983 film)	director	Jim McBride
Soup of the Day	director	Scott Zakarin
Wild Things 2	director	Jack Perez
Chingaari	director	Kalpana Lajmi
Unidentified	director	Rich Christiano
At War with the Army	director	Hal Walker
That's My Boy (1951 film)	director	Hal Walker
Doctor Bashir, I Presume?	director	David Livingston
Thotti Jaya	director	T. T. Durai
Camp Blood: The Musical	director	Tanner Barklow
Camp Blood: The Musical	director	Jefferson Craig
Camp Blood: The Musical	director	Thomas Hughes
The Shadow (film)	director	Russell Mulcahy
The Last Wagon (1956 film)	director	Delmer Daves
Curly Sue	director	John Hughes (filmmaker)
Over-Exposed	director	Lewis Seiler
Black and Blue (TV series)	director	Mark Cunningham
Communication Breakdown (film)	director	Richard O'Sullivan (film maker)
The Jem'Hadar	director	Kim Friedman
Hercules and the Circle of Fire	director	Doug Lefler
Martial Angels	director	Clarence Fok
Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baaje	director	V. Shantaram
Main Tulsi Tere Aangan Ki	director	Raj Khosla
Himalaya Ki God Mein	director	Vijay Bhatt
Murder at the Vanities	director	Mitchell Leisen
Choose Me	director	Alan Rudolph
The Owl and the Pussycat (film)	director	Herbert Ross
Police Beat	director	Robinson Devor
Across the Hall (2006 film)	director	Alex Merkin
Momotarō: Umi no Shinpei	director	Mitsuyo Seo
Be-Imaan	director	Sohanlal Kanwar
Ghayal (1990 film)	director	Rajkumar Santoshi
Aankhen (2002 film)	director	Vipul Amrutlal Shah
Aankhen (1968 film)	director	Ramanand Sagar
Joyride (2005 film)	director	Frank Herrebout
The Quiet American (1958 film)	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
The Quiet American (2002 film)	director	Phillip Noyce
Gabrielle (film)	director	Patrice Chéreau
Sailor Beware (1952 film)	director	Hal Walker
The Razor's Edge (1946 film)	director	Edmund Goulding
The Razor's Edge (1984 film)	director	John Byrum
Climates (film)	director	Nuri Bilge Ceylan
Horton Hears a Who! (film)	director	Jimmy Hayward
Khakee	director	Rajkumar Santoshi
Black Moon Rising	director	Harley Cokeliss
Amma Nanna O Tamila Ammayi	director	Puri Jagannadh
Back in Business (1997 film)	director	Philippe Mora
Grace of My Heart	director	Allison Anders
Gharshana	director	Gautham Menon
Vasu (film)	director	A. Karunakaran
Dragonlance: Dragons of Autumn Twilight	director	Will Meugniot
Malliswari (2004 film)	director	K. Vijaya Bhaskar
Nenunnanu	director	V.N. Aditya
Funny Ha Ha	director	Andrew Bujalski
Stray Rounds	director	Tim Van Patten
Shivamani (film)	director	Puri Jagannadh
Storm Warnings	director	Rob Bailey (director)
All Roads Lead Home	director	Dennis Fallon
Cop (film)	director	James B. Harris
Mean Johnny Barrows	director	Fred Williamson(director)
Lockdown (film)	director	John Luessenhop
Hot Rods to Hell	director	John Brahm
Jumping Jacks	director	Norman Taurog
The Magical Legend of the Leprechauns	director	John Henderson (director)
Bad Dreams (The Wire)	director	Ernest Dickerson
Port in a Storm	director	Robert F. Colesberry
Sherrybaby	director	Laurie Collyer
Joe Somebody	director	John Pasquin
Anpadh	director	Mohan Kumar
Dil Ne Phir Yaad Kiya	director	C. L. Rawal
Devar	director	Mohan Segal
Baharen Phir Bhi Aayengi	director	Shaheed Latif
Aaye Din Bahar Ke	director	Raghunath Jalani
Mere Hamdam Mere Dost	director	Amar Kumar
Aya Sawan Jhoom Ke	director	Raghunath Jhalani
Gemini Man	director	Alan Crosland
Gemini Man	director	Alan J. Levi
The Brotherhood of the Bell	director	Paul Wendkos
Clay Pigeons	director	David Dobkin (director)
Sharafat	director	Asit Sen (director)
Paying Guest	director	Subodh Mukherjee
Q. T. Hush	director	Ken Southworth
Anari	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Sye (film)	director	S. S. Rajamouli
Petrocelli	director	Irving J. Moore
Indestructible Man	director	Jack Pollexfen
Death Car on the Freeway	director	Hal Needham
Anukokunda Oka Roju	director	Chandra Sekhar Yeleti
King of Texas	director	Uli Edel
On a Clear Day	director	Gaby Dellal
Starchaser: The Legend of Orin	director	Steven Hahn (director)
Killing Zelda Sparks	director	Jeff Glickman
Dad's Dead	director	Chris Shepherd
The Smokestack Wager	director	Tony Hinds
Blissfully Yours	director	Apichatpong Weerasethakul
Scream Blacula Scream	director	Bob Kelljan
Yamadonga	director	S. S. Rajamouli
Tropical Malady	director	Apichatpong Weerasethakul
Video Voyeur	director	Tim Hunter (director)
Hate 2 O	director	Alex Infascelli
The Ugly	director	Scott Reynolds (director)
Anamika (1973 film)	director	Raghunath Jalani
The Grey Fox	director	Phillip Borsos
Pinjar (film)	director	Chandraprakash Dwivedi
The Terry Fox Story	director	Ralph L. Thomas
Shy People	director	Andrei Konchalovsky
Caught (1949 film)	director	Max Ophüls
Enemy Gold	director	Christian Drew Sidaris
Compromising Positions	director	Frank Perry
I'll See You in My Dreams (1951 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Spirit (film)	director	Frank Miller (comics)
The Hidan of Maukbeiangjow	director	Lee Jones
Runaway (2001 film)	director	Dante Lam
Dominick Dunne's Power, Privilege, and Justice	director	Patrick Taulère
Dr. Black, Mr. Hyde	director	William Crain (filmmaker)
Runaway! (1973 film)	director	David Lowell Rich
Obsession: Radical Islam's War Against the West	director	Wayne Kopping
Sugar Hill (1974 film)	director	Paul Maslansky
The House on Skull Mountain	director	Ron Honthaner
Une hirondelle a fait le printemps	director	Christian Carion
Rakhi (2006 film)	director	Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi
Grizzly Falls	director	Stewart Raffill
Cool Money	director	Gary Burns (director)
The Europeans (film)	director	James Ivory (director)
Busy Bodies	director	Lloyd French
Hannibal Brooks	director	Michael Winner
Doc Savage: The Man of Bronze	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Angels in the Endzone	director	Gary Nadeau
Let's Rock Again!	director	Dick Rude
The Secret Life of an American Wife	director	George Axelrod
Darkling (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Alexander Singer
In Name Only	director	John Cromwell (director)
Automaton Transfusion	director	Steven C. Miller
In Transit (film)	director	Tom Roberts (director)
Seed (2007 film)	director	Uwe Boll
Familia (film)	director	Louise Archambault
Xuxa (TV series)	director	Tommy Lynch
Roadie (film)	director	Alan Rudolph
Eight Days a Week (film)	director	Michael Davis (director)
Hold Everything (1930 film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
Pikoor Diary	director	Satyajit Ray
Dad's Army (film)	director	Norman Cohen
Children of the Revolution (film)	director	Peter Duncan
The Last Performance	director	Paul Fejos
Two (1965 film)	director	Satyajit Ray
Stars and Roses	director	Taylor Wong
The Flamingo Rising	director	Martha Coolidge
Commitments	director	Carol Mayes
Sci-Fighters	director	Peter Svatek
The Adventures of the American Rabbit	director	Nobutaka Nishizawa
The Adventures of the American Rabbit	director	Fred Wolf
Police Academy (film)	director	Hugh Wilson (director)
Forty Shades of Blue	director	Ira Sachs
Police Academy 6: City Under Siege	director	Peter Bonerz
Police Academy: Mission to Moscow	director	Alan Metter
Children of the Corn V: Fields of Terror	director	Ethan Wiley
Raman Research Institute	director	Dr. Ravi Subrahmanyan
Slaves of Las Vegas	director	Peter Markle
I Love Lucy (film)	director	Marc Daniels
I Love Lucy (film)	director	Edward Sedgwick
Up Periscope	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
The Castaway Cowboy	director	Vincent McEveety
They Only Kill Their Masters	director	James Goldstone
A Midsummer Night's Dream (1968 film)	director	Peter Hall (director)
How Sweet It Is!	director	Jerry Paris
What Would Jesus Buy?	director	Rob VanAlkemade
Lady Heather's Box	director	Richard J. Lewis
September Dawn	director	Christopher Cain
Fear Strikes Out	director	Robert Mulligan
Hot Lead and Cold Feet	director	Robert Butler (director)
Critters (film)	director	Stephen Herek
Cinemania (film)	director	Angela Christlieb
Cinemania (film)	director	Stephen Kijak
Back Door to Hell	director	Monte Hellman
Redskin (film)	director	Victor Schertzinger
Let He Who Is Without Sin...	director	René Auberjonois (actor)
El Ratón Pérez	director	Juan Pablo Buscarini
Hounded	director	Neal Israel
The Show of Shows (film)	director	John G. Adolfi
Wanderer of the Wasteland (1924 film)	director	Irvin Willat
The Fortune Code	director	Kent Cheng
Casino Tycoon 2	director	Wong Jing
A Fighter's Blues	director	Daniel Lee (film director)
Casino Tycoon (film)	director	Wong Jing
The Dallas Connection	director	Christian Drew Sidaris
A Man Called Sledge	director	Vic Morrow
A Man Called Sledge	director	Giorgio Gentili
Days of Tomorrow	director	Lau Yu Ming
Mister Buddwing	director	Delbert Mann
Chu Chu and the Philly Flash	director	David Lowell Rich
Improper Channels	director	Eric Till
The Pink Jungle	director	Delbert Mann
A Man Could Get Killed	director	Ronald Neame
A Man Could Get Killed	director	Cliff Owen
Toward the Unknown	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Sri Ramadasu	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
The War at Home (1979 film)	director	Glenn Silber
Shoot-Out at Medicine Bend	director	Richard L. Bare
Satan's Playground	director	Dante Tomaselli
The Fan (1981 film)	director	Edward Bianchi
Pray TV (1982 film)	director	Robert Markowitz
Bommarillu	director	Bhaskar (director)
Berth Marks	director	Lewis R. Foster
Rubber Carpet	director	John May (director)
Mr. Boogedy	director	Oz Scott
The Spanish Earth	director	Joris Ivens
Kings Go Forth	director	Delmer Daves
Who Was That Lady?	director	George Sidney
Blood Red	director	Peter Masterson
Speedway World Cup	director	Tony Olsson
Young Billy Young	director	Burt Kennedy
Gossip (2000 American film)	director	Davis Guggenheim
Chhalia	director	Manmohan Desai
À nos amours	director	Maurice Pialat
Imsai Arasan 23m Pulikesi	director	Chimbu deven
The Accused Uncle Shangang	director	Fan Yuan
Beware the Gray Ghost	director	Boyd Kirkland
Sanctuary (documentary)	director	Clive Collier
The Adolescent (film)	director	Jeanne Moreau
Black Eagle (film)	director	Eric Karson
On Top (film)	director	Ágúst Guðmundsson
The Twins of Destiny	director	Pat Griffiths
The Twins of Destiny	director	Jean Morisse
Dirty Old Town (film)	director	Justin Mitchell
The Wings (film)	director	Mauritz Stiller
RoboCop Versus The Terminator	director	John Botti
The Tiger and the Snow	director	Roberto Benigni
Australian Ballet School	director	Marilyn Rowe
Australian Ballet School	director	Order of the British Empire
Love Birds (1996 film)	director	P. Vasu
Scooby-Doo! Pirates Ahoy!	director	Chuck Sheetz
Shadowboxer	director	Lee Daniels
Bug (1975 film)	director	Jeannot Szwarc
You are Cordially Invited...	director	David Livingston
Change of Heart (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	David Livingston
The Color of Olives	director	Carolina Rivas
Survival Instinct (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Terry Windell
Children of the Corn 666: Isaac's Return	director	Kari Skogland
Dalecarlians (film)	director	Maria Blom
The Living End (film)	director	Gregg Araki
Family (Masters of Horror)	director	John Landis
Sitting Bull (film)	director	Sidney Salkow
Le Gendarme de Saint-Tropez	director	Jean Girault
Hallam Foe	director	David Mackenzie (director)
Robot Jox	director	Stuart Gordon
Vchera	director	Ivan Andonov
The Taking of Beverly Hills	director	Sidney J. Furie
Barnacle Bill (1957 film)	director	Charles Frend
The Cutting Edge: Going for the Gold	director	Sean McNamara (director)
Himitsu	director	Yōjirō Takita
Cotton Mary	director	Ismail Merchant
Cotton Mary	director	Madhur Jaffrey
Never Too Old	director	David Croft (TV producer)
Yours Emotionally	director	Sridhar Rangayan
St. Helens (film)	director	Ernest Pintoff
Feast of July	director	Christopher Menaul
Le gendarme et les extra-terrestres	director	Jean Girault
Le gendarme et les gendarmettes	director	Jean Girault
Le gendarme et les gendarmettes	director	Tony Aboyantz
McDull, the Alumni	director	Samson Chiu
The Good, The Bad, and The Wallaby / Trash-O-Madness	director	Jeff "Swampy" Marsh
The Good, The Bad, and The Wallaby / Trash-O-Madness	director	Timothy Björklund
The Good, The Bad, and The Wallaby / Trash-O-Madness	director	Joe Murray (animator)
Anand (2004 film)	director	Sekhar Kammula
Le gendarme se marie	director	Jean Girault
Exit to Eden (film)	director	Garry Marshall
Bloodsport II: The Next Kumite	director	Alan Mehrez
Neo Pornographia	director	Michael Ninn
Neo Pornographia  vol. 2   1	director	Michael Ninn
Where I Live	director	Arlene Sanford
Where I Live	director	Rob Schiller
Where I Live	director	David Trainer
Where I Live	director	Michael Zinberg
Bloodsport III	director	Alan Mehrez
Bloodsport 4: The Dark Kumite	director	Elvis Restaino
Film Geek	director	James Westby
Flodders in America	director	Dick Maas
Lucky Numbers	director	Nora Ephron
Equalizer 2000	director	Cirio H. Santiago
Matando Cabos	director	Alejandro Lozano (director)
Thou Shalt Not Kill... Except	director	Josh Becker
The Hammer (film)	director	Charles Herman-Wurmfeld
Yagnam (2004 film)	director	A.S. Ravi Kumar Chowdary
Top of the Hill	director	Peter Ellis (director)
Top of the Hill	director	Mario Van Peebles
Top of the Hill	director	Brad Silberling
The Golem: How He Came into the World	director	Paul Wegener
The Golem: How He Came into the World	director	Carl Boese
Plata Quemada	director	Marcelo Piñeyro
The Devil's Brigade (film)	director	Andrew McLaglen
The Devil's Brigade (film)	director	Terry Morse, Jr.
Lottery!	director	Don Chaffey
Lottery!	director	Barry Crane
Lottery!	director	Vincent McEveety
Lottery!	director	Lee Philips (actor)
Lottery!	director	Mike Vejar
Lottery!	director	Virgil W. Vogel
Lottery!	director	Don Weis
Lessons (The Wire)	director	Gloria Muzio
The Cost (The Wire)	director	Brad Anderson (director)
Sacred Evil – A True Story	director	Abhigyan Jha
Sacred Evil – A True Story	director	Abhiyan Rajhans
Business as Usual (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Alexander Siddig
The 5th Monkey	director	Eric Rochat
The 5th Monkey	director	Jacques Zibi
Lijmen/Het Been	director	Robbe De Hert
Road to Singapore	director	Victor Schertzinger
Road to Zanzibar	director	Victor Schertzinger
Proud Flesh (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
Like Family	director	John Fortenberry
Like Family	director	Shelley Jensen
Like Family	director	Barnet Kellman
Like Family	director	Joe Regalbuto
Like Family	director	Keith Samples
Hyperion Bay	director	Joseph Dougherty
Hyperion Bay	director	Perry Lang
Hyperion Bay	director	Nick Marck
Hyperion Bay	director	Sharron Miller
Hyperion Bay	director	Ellen S. Pressman
Hyperion Bay	director	Bethany Rooney
Linus the Lionhearted	director	Ed Graham
A Tale of Two Cities (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Johnny Oro	director	Sergio Corbucci
Aata	director	V.N. Aditya
Firelight	director	William Nicholson (writer)
The Manitou	director	William Girdler
Sidekicks (TV series)	director	James Fargo
The Legacy (1979 film)	director	Richard Marquand
Zen Noir	director	Marc Rosenbush
Dead Silence	director	James Wan
Scram! (1932 film)	director	Ray McCarey
Tholi Prema	director	K. Karunakaran
Moksha (2001 film)	director	Ashok Mehta
Crackers (1984 film)	director	Louis Malle
S.A.-Mann Brand	director	Franz Seitz, Sr.
Cherubim and Seraphim	director	Danny Boyle
Repentance (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Mike Vejar
Prophecy (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Terry Windell
Angels in the Infield	director	Robert King (writer)
The Brave Little Toaster to the Rescue	director	Robert C. Ramirez
Chakram (film)	director	Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi
Ranam	director	Amma Rajasekhar
Besatzung Dora	director	Karl Ritter
Spooks Run Wild	director	Phil Rosen
Gone Are the Dayes	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
Clancy Street Boys	director	William Beaudine
'Neath Brooklyn Bridge	director	Wallace Fox
Kickboxer 4	director	Albert Pyun
Something Something... Unakkum Enakkum	director	M. Raja
Heading South (film)	director	Laurent Cantet
Siddhartha (film)	director	Conrad Rooks
Joshua Tree (1993 film)	director	Vic Armstrong
Her Minor Thing	director	Charles Matthau
Stupid!	director	Jason Garbett
The X-Files (pilot episode)	director	Robert Mandel
Deep Throat (The X-Files episode)	director	Daniel Sackheim
Conduit (The X-Files)	director	Daniel Sackheim
The Jersey Devil (The X-Files)	director	Joe Napolitano
Shadows (The X-Files)	director	Michael Lange
Ice (The X-Files)	director	David Nutter
Space (The X-Files)	director	William Graham
Good Day for a Hanging	director	Nathan H. Juran
Drive (1998 film)	director	Steve Wang
Freak Talks About Sex	director	Paul Todisco
Bloody Pit of Horror	director	Massimo Pupillo
Cash and Carry (1937 film)	director	Del Lord
Pretty Poison (film)	director	Noel Black
Scavenger Hunt	director	Michael Schultz
Gangotri (film)	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Narasimhudu	director	B. Gopal
Kushi (2001 film)	director	S. J. Surya
Inquisition (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Michael Dorn
Hello Brother (1994 film)	director	E. V. V. Satyanarayana
Adavi Ramudu (1977 film)	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Hezar Dastan	director	Ali Hatami
...To Skin a Cat	director	Dan O'Berry
Maybe This Time	director	David Trainer
Bon Cop, Bad Cop	director	Eric Canuel
Lie Detector (TV series)	director	Rick Davis (director)
Five Minutes to Love	director	John Hayes (director)
Mighty Joe Young (1998 film)	director	Ron Underwood
Angel on My Shoulder (film)	director	Archie Mayo
Going Hollywood	director	Raoul Walsh
Puriyaadha Pudhir	director	K. S. Ravikumar
El Aura	director	Fabián Bielinsky
Koko: A Talking Gorilla	director	Barbet Schroeder
Falling in Love (1984 film)	director	Ulu Grosbard
Vampires: Los Muertos	director	Tommy Lee Wallace
Fallen Angel (The X-Files)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Eve (The X-Files)	director	Fred Gerber
Fire (The X-Files)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Metzitzim	director	Uri Zohar
Beyond the Sea (The X-Files)	director	David Nutter
Gender Bender (The X-Files)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Lazarus (The X-Files)	director	David Nutter
Young at Heart (The X-Files)	director	Michael Lange
Miracle Man (The X-Files)	director	Michael Lange
Shapes (The X-Files)	director	David Nunner
Darkness Falls (The X-Files)	director	Joe Napolitano
Little Green Men (The X-Files)	director	David Nutter
The Host (The X-Files)	director	Daniel Sackheim
Blood (The X-Files)	director	David Nutter
Sugar Town (film)	director	Allison Anders
Sugar Town (film)	director	Kurt Voss
Barricade – Welcome to Hell	director	Timo Rose
Vampires: The Turning	director	Marty Weiss
Neighbors (film)	director	John G. Avildsen
Great Day (1930 film)	director	Harry Beaumont
Great Day (1930 film)	director	Harry A. Pollard
The Scream Team	director	Stuart Gillard
Godavari (film)	director	Sekhar Kammula
The Farmer's Daughters (1976 film)	director	Zebedy Colt
Farewell 1 Tour-Live from Melbourne	director	Carol Dodds
The Sixth Sense (TV series)	director	Jeff Corey
The Sixth Sense (TV series)	director	Robert Day (director)
The Sixth Sense (TV series)	director	Alf Kjellin
The Sixth Sense (TV series)	director	John Newland
The Sixth Sense (TV series)	director	Barry Shear
Dragon Quest IX: Sentinels of the Starry Skies	director	Akihiro Hino
Seoul Train	director	Jim Butterworth (entrepreneur)
Seoul Train	director	Aaron Lubarsky
Zorro's Black Whip	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Zorro's Black Whip	director	Wallace Grissel
Wholly Communion	director	Peter Whitehead (filmmaker)
Benefit of the Doubt	director	Peter Whitehead (filmmaker)
Man-Thing (film)	director	Brett Leonard
The Puppet Masters (film)	director	Stuart Orme
Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors	director	Sergei Parajanov
The Setting Sun (film)	director	Rou Tomono
Blueberry (film)	director	Jan Kounen
Festival (2005 film)	director	Annie Griffin
Metrosexual (film)	director	Yongyoot Thongkongtoon
China Gate (1957 film)	director	Samuel Fuller
El juego de Arcibel	director	Alberto Lecchi
The Hunt (The Wire)	director	Steve Shill
Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 3	director	Katsura Hashino
Lifepod	director	Ron Silver
Son of Lassie	director	S. Sylvan Simon
The Princess and the Frog	director	Ron Clements
The Princess and the Frog	director	John Musker
Pilot (Jericho)	director	Jon Turteltaub
The Grudge 3	director	Toby Wilkins
Mansfield Park (film)	director	Patricia Rozema
You Can't Win 'Em All	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
Riot in Cell Block 11	director	Don Siegel
Max and Josh	director	Kathryn Ann Busby
La Noche de Walpurgis	director	León Klimovsky
Tarzan, the Ape Man (1959 film)	director	Joseph M. Newman
Loose Cannons	director	Bob Clark
Santosham (2002 film)	director	Kondapalli Dasaradh Kumar
A Weekend in the Country	director	Wendey Stanzler
Quick Millions	director	Rowland Brown
The Garden Party	director	Anthony Bell (director)
Red Trousers – The Life of the Hong Kong Stuntmen	director	Robin Shou
School Spirit	director	Alan Holleb
It! (1966 film)	director	Herbert J. Leder
Behind Enemy Lines II: Axis of Evil	director	James Dodson (producer)
Saved from the Titanic	director	Étienne Arnaud
Prison (1988 film)	director	Renny Harlin
Moody and Pegg	director	Johnathan Alwyn
Moody and Pegg	director	Richard Martin
Moody and Pegg	director	Baz Taylor
Moody and Pegg	director	Roger Tucker
Moody and Pegg	director	Mike Vardy
My Porcelain God	director	Adam Bernstein
Honest (film)	director	David A. Stewart
So Normal	director	José Alvarenga Jr.
Tagget	director	Richard T. Heffron
Robotech: The Movie	director	Noboru Ishiguro
Robotech: The Movie	director	Carl Macek
Robotech II: The Sentinels	director	Carl Macek
Thunderball (film)	director	Terence Young (director)
My Butterfly	director	Henry Chan
Mayilattam (film)	director	V. M. Vinu
Terminal Entry	director	John Kincade
A Hero of Our Times	director	Mario Monicelli
Syndromes and a Century	director	Apichatpong Weerasethakul
V (The Final Battle)	director	Richard T. Heffron
Tony Rome	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Don't Fool Me	director	Herman Yau
All About Love (2005 film)	director	Daniel Yu
All About Love (2005 film)	director	Kung LOk Lee
Return Engagement (1990 film)	director	Joe Cheung
A Moment of Romance 3	director	Johnnie To
Golden Chicken	director	Samson Chiu
Murari (film)	director	Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi
The Mother of Tears	director	Dario Argento
Yesterday Once More (film)	director	Johnnie To
The Tigers (film)	director	Eric Tsang
Armageddon (1997 film)	director	Gordon Chan
The Wesley's Mysterious File	director	Andrew Lau
Occupation 101	director	Sufyan Omeish
Occupation 101	director	Abdallah Omeish
Kubrador	director	Jeffrey Jeturian
Ju-on (film)	director	Takashi Shimizu
Picasso Trigger	director	Andy Sidaris
The Adventures of Brer Rabbit	director	Byron Vaughns
Noo Hin: The Movie	director	Komgrit Triwimol
Subash Chandra Bose (film)	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Urchin (film)	director	John Harlacher
Atomic Rulers of the World	director	Teruo Ishii
When Zachary Beaver Came to Town	director	John Schultz (director)
Return to Innocence (film)	director	Rocky Costanzo
Monster Maker	director	Giles Foster
Harry and the Hendersons (TV series)	director	Don Amendolia
Harry and the Hendersons (TV series)	director	Scott Baio
Harry and the Hendersons (TV series)	director	Frank Bonner
Harry and the Hendersons (TV series)	director	Bruce Davison
Harry and the Hendersons (TV series)	director	Tony Dow
Harry and the Hendersons (TV series)	director	Richard Kline
Harry and the Hendersons (TV series)	director	Dwayne Hickman
Harry and the Hendersons (TV series)	director	Donna Pescow
Harry and the Hendersons (TV series)	director	James Widdoes
Twist (film)	director	Jacob Tierney
An Almost Perfect Affair	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Evening in Byzantium	director	Jerry London
The Horse with the Flying Tail	director	Larry Lansburgh
Smile (1975 film)	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Downhill Racer	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
American Cowslip	director	Mark David
Wild Poses	director	Robert F. McGowan
Cop and a Half	director	Henry Winkler
The Laurel-Hardy Murder Case	director	James Parrott
Herod's Law	director	Luis Estrada
Greedy (film)	director	Jonathan Lynn
Attack from Space	director	Teruo Ishii
Julie Johnson	director	Bob Gosse
Doctor X (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Tequila and Bonetti	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Tequila and Bonetti	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
Interview (2007 film)	director	Steve Buscemi
Invaders from Space	director	Teruo Ishii
Lover Come Back	director	Delbert Mann
Atom Man vs. Superman	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
One Girl's Confession	director	Hugo Haas
Less Than Zero (film)	director	Marek Kanievska
Speaking Parts	director	Atom Egoyan
The Return of Swamp Thing	director	Jim Wynorski
Romulus, My Father (film)	director	Richard Roxburgh
Veede	director	Ravi Raja Pinisetty
The Silencers (film)	director	Phil Karlson
Slayers Great	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
Slayers Great	director	Hiroshi Watanabe (animator)
Slayers The Motion Picture	director	Kazuo Yamazaki (director)
Slayers The Motion Picture	director	Hiroshi Watanabe
Waxworks (film)	director	Paul Leni
Waxworks (film)	director	Leo Birinski
Intacto	director	Juan Carlos Fresnadillo
The Ambushers (film)	director	Henry Levin
Trailer Park Boys: The Movie	director	Mike Clattenburg
Brothers of the Head	director	Keith Fulton
Brothers of the Head	director	Louis Pepe
Alter Ego (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Robert Picardo
The Midnight Patrol	director	Lloyd French
Towed in a Hole	director	George Marshall (director)
Babylon 5: The Lost Tales	director	J. Michael Straczynski
Partners (1982 film)	director	James Burrows
Song of the West (film)	director	Ray Enright
Resurrecting the Champ	director	Rod Lurie
The Life of the Party (1930 film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
Crash 'n' Burn (1977 film)	director	Ross McLaren (filmmaker)
The Competition (film)	director	Joel Oliansky
Torrente 2: Misión en Marbella	director	Santiago Segura
The Ten	director	David Wain
Idiot (film)	director	Puri Jagannadh
Two-Face (Batman: The Animated Series)	director	Kevin Altieri
Trippin' (film)	director	David Raynr
Afonya	director	Georgi Daneliya
Outside Ozona	director	J. S. Cardone
Hot Pursuit (film)	director	Steven Lisberger
Mamba (film)	director	Albert S. Rogell
Au Pair II	director	Mark Griffiths (film director)
She Creature	director	Sebastian Gutierrez
A Chinese Ghost Story III	director	Ching Siu-tung
Mondo Topless	director	Russ Meyer
A Chinese Ghost Story II	director	Ching Siu-tung
A Child Is Waiting	director	John Cassavetes
Header (film)	director	Archibald Flancranstin
Chains (Blackadder)	director	Mandie Fletcher
Now You Know (film)	director	Jeff Anderson
Treasure Island (1950 film)	director	Byron Haskin
Captain Kidd (film)	director	Rowland V. Lee
Cordélia	director	Jean Beaudin
The Importance of Being Earnest (2002 film)	director	Oliver Parker
Flying Tigers (film)	director	David Miller (director)
The Toxic Avenger Part II	director	Lloyd Kaufman
The Toxic Avenger Part II	director	Michael Herz (producer)
Cleaning Up	director	Clement Virgo
Metropolis (anime)	director	Rintaro
Tennis no Ōjisama – Futari no Samurai	director	Takayuki Hamana
Milton the Monster	director	Hal Seeger
Kiss Me, Guido	director	Tony Vitale
Dill Scallion	director	Jordan Brady
Intern Academy	director	Dave Thomas (actor)
The Winslow Boy (1999 film)	director	David Mamet
The Winslow Boy (1948 film)	director	Anthony Asquith
Kabhie Kabhie (1976 film)	director	Yash Chopra
Swoon (film)	director	Tom Kalin
Die, Mommie, Die!	director	Mark Rucker
Case Closed: Magician of the Silver Sky	director	Yasuichiro Yamamoto
Scooby-Doo! and the Monster of Mexico	director	Scott Jeralds
Felicity (1979 film)	director	John D. Lamond
Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum	director	Koichiro Maeda
Sally (1929 film)	director	John Francis Dillon (director)
The Miracle Man (1919 film)	director	George Loane Tucker
Yasmin's Getting Married	director	Phil Cullen
The Desert Rats (film)	director	Robert Wise
Pirates of Malaysia	director	Umberto Lenzi
Mémoires affectives	director	Francis Leclerc
Blackbeard the Pirate	director	Raoul Walsh
Love, Sex and Eating the Bones	director	Sudz Sutherland
Rare Birds	director	Sturla Gunnarsson
The Toxic Avenger Part III: The Last Temptation of Toxie	director	Lloyd Kaufman
The Toxic Avenger Part III: The Last Temptation of Toxie	director	Michael Herz (producer)
Citizen Toxie: The Toxic Avenger IV	director	Lloyd Kaufman
Aap Ki Khatir (2006 film)	director	Dharmesh Darshan
Matinee (film)	director	Joe Dante
Refugee (film)	director	J. P. Dutta
All About the Andersons	director	Joe Regalbuto
All About the Andersons	director	James Widdoes
All About the Andersons	director	Jerry Zaks
Lal Baadshah	director	K. C. Bokadia
Dhyaas Parva	director	Amol Palekar
An Euil Srey An	director	Ly Bun Yim
Susie Q (film)	director	John Blizek
Tep Sodachan	director	Lay Nguon Heng
Several Ways to Die Trying	director	Glen Tickle
Grilled (film)	director	Jason Ensler
The Man with the Golden Gun (film)	director	Guy Hamilton
The Cavalier (film)	director	Irvin Willat
Bosniak Institute	director	Adil Zulfikarpašić
The Spectacular Spider-Man (TV series)	director	Victor Cook
The Spectacular Spider-Man (TV series)	director	Kevin Altieri
Suffering Man's Charity	director	Alan Cumming
The Last Movie	director	Dennis Hopper
Dogora: Ouvrons les yeux	director	Patrice Leconte
Wilder Napalm	director	Glenn Gordon Caron
Malta Story	director	Brian Desmond Hurst
Bloodline (1979 film)	director	Terence Young (director)
April in Paris (film)	director	David Butler
Everyone Stares	director	Stewart Copeland
A Simple Plan (film)	director	Sam Raimi
My Unicorn	director	Matthew Perry
My Lucky Charm (Scrubs)	director	Chris Koch
Operation Junkyard	director	Grazia Caroselli
Operation Junkyard	director	Kris Curry
A Home of Your Own	director	Jay Lewis
The Deadly Bees	director	Freddie Francis
The Promotion	director	Steven Conrad
Meridian: Kiss of the Beast	director	Charles Band
Vacationland (film)	director	Todd Verow
Faces of Gore	director	Todd Tjersland
The Darjeeling Limited	director	Wes Anderson
Keep Your Right Up	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Night Patrol	director	Jackie Kong
Lunch Wagon	director	Ernest Pintoff
L'Amour à mort	director	Alain Resnais
Picture Perfect (1997 film)	director	Glenn Gordon Caron
The Canterville Ghost (1985 film)	director	William F. Claxton
Gisaku	director	Baltasar Pedrosa Clavero
Gisaku	director	Antonio Santamaría
Simon (2004 film)	director	Eddy Terstall
Le Crabe-tambour	director	Pierre Schoendoerffer
Recreation (film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Les Misérables (1982 film)	director	Robert Hossein
The Green Butchers	director	Anders Thomas Jensen
Superman (serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Superman (serial)	director	Thomas Carr (director)
Subway (film)	director	Luc Besson
The U.S. of Archie	director	Hal Sutherland
Crossover (film)	director	Preston A. Whitmore II
The Gigolos	director	Richard Bracewell
On Broadway (film)	director	Dave McLaughlin
Normal Adolescent Behavior	director	Beth Schacter
Castle Freak	director	Stuart Gordon
Danny, the Champion of the World (film)	director	Gavin Millar
Shahenshah (1988 film)	director	Tinnu Anand
Okie Noodling	director	Bradley Beesley
Yo Yo	director	Pierre Étaix
Prescription for Death	director	John Whitesell
The Canterville Ghost (1944 film)	director	Jules Dassin
The Canterville Ghost (1944 film)	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Terry (film)	director	Don McBrearty
Quicksilver (film)	director	Thomas Michael Donnelly
Journey to the Beginning of Time	director	Karel Zeman
Hollywood Connection	director	Richard S. Kline
Superbad (film)	director	Greg Mottola
The War in Space	director	Jun Fukuda
Nightmare Man (2006 film)	director	Rolfe Kanefsky
Anna to the Infinite Power	director	Robert Wiemer
Amanda and the Alien	director	Jon Kroll
Sentencing (The Wire)	director	Tim Van Patten
My Big Fat Independent Movie	director	Philip Zlotorynski
Prêt-à-Porter (film)	director	Robert Altman
Bangkok Loco	director	Pornchai Hongrattanaporn
Something to Talk About (film)	director	Lasse Hallström
Diep	director	Simone van Dusseldorp
The Craic	director	Ted Emery
Marci X	director	Richard Benjamin
The Adventure of Iron Pussy	director	Apichatpong Weerasethakul
The Adventure of Iron Pussy	director	Michael Shaowanasai
Aldri annet enn bråk	director	Edith Carlmar
Watermelon (TV film)	director	Kieron J. Walsh
The Cutman	director	Yon Motskin
A Midsummer Night's Dream (1999 film)	director	Michael Hoffman (American director)
The Descent Part 2	director	Jon Harris (director)
White Line Fever (film)	director	Jonathan Kaplan
Chachi 420	director	Kamal Haasan
Jossy's Giants	director	Edward Pugh
Witchcraft (1988 film)	director	Rob Spera
Boynton Beach Club	director	Susan Seidelman
Sayon's Bell	director	Hiroshi Shimizu (director)
Footy Legends	director	Khoa Do
Jiyan	director	Jano Rosebiani
On Her Majesty's Secret Service (film)	director	Peter R. Hunt
Big Man, Little Love	director	Handan İpekçi
Dreams (M*A*S*H)	director	Alan Alda
The Hellbenders	director	Sergio Corbucci
Tiptoes	director	Matthew Bright
Brand Upon the Brain!	director	Guy Maddin
The Fall of the House of Usher (1928 French film)	director	Jean Epstein
Operation: Jet Fusion	director	Mike Gasaway
Pas în doi	director	Dan Piţa
Femeia visurilor	director	Dan Piţa
Mademoiselle Fifi (film)	director	Robert Wise
Second-Hand	director	Dan Piţa
Eu Adam	director	Dan Piţa
The Black Swan (film)	director	Henry King (director)
Billy Rose's Jumbo (film)	director	Charles Walters
Enemy Mine (film)	director	Wolfgang Petersen
The Boy and the Pirates	director	Bert I. Gordon
Restless Natives	director	Michael Hoffman (American director)
American Fugitive: The Truth About Hassan	director	Jean-Daniel Lafond
Shortcut to Happiness	director	Alec Baldwin
Winnie the Pooh and Christmas Too	director	Jamie Mitchell
Klamek ji bo Beko	director	Nizamettin Ariç
A River Runs Through It (film)	director	Robert Redford
Cannon for Cordoba	director	Paul Wendkos
Petulia	director	Richard Lester
The Ballad of Little Jo	director	Maggie Greenwald
Kuroneko	director	Kaneto Shindō
The Holy Mountain (1926 film)	director	Arnold Fanck
Goin' to Town	director	Alexander Hall
Go West, Young Man	director	Henry Hathaway
Belle of the Nineties	director	Leo McCarey
Arch of Triumph (1948 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Avrupa Yakası	director	Hakan Algül
Avrupa Yakası	director	Jale Atabey Özberk
Song of Russia	director	Gregory Ratoff
Song of Russia	director	László Benedek
The North Star (1943 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Track Down	director	Joe Chappelle
Lorna (film)	director	Russ Meyer
Zoe, Duncan, Jack and Jane	director	Robert Berlinger
Zoe, Duncan, Jack and Jane	director	Gil Junger
Zoe, Duncan, Jack and Jane	director	Jeff McCracken
Zoe, Duncan, Jack and Jane	director	Brian K. Roberts
Zoe, Duncan, Jack and Jane	director	Craig Zisk
Inteha (2003 film)	director	Vikram Bhatt
American Hardcore (film)	director	Paul Rachman
Motorpsycho (film)	director	Russ Meyer
Americano (film)	director	Kevin Noland
Hercules in the Underworld	director	Bill L. Norton
Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur	director	Josh Becker
The Verdict (1946 film)	director	Don Siegel
April's Shower	director	Trish Doolan
Viy (film)	director	Konstantin Yershov
Viy (film)	director	Georgi Kropachyov
Grandads-Robbers	director	Eldar Ryazanov
Tørres Snørtevold	director	Tancred Ibsen
Finders Keepers, Lovers Weepers!	director	Russ Meyer
Broadway: The Golden Age, by the Legends Who Were There	director	Rick McKay
Mad Jack the Pirate	director	Jeff DeGrandis
Detectives on the Edge of a Nervous Breakdown	director	Keith Allen (actor)
Ask the Dust (film)	director	Robert Towne
Troublesome Creek: A Midwestern	director	Steven Ascher
Troublesome Creek: A Midwestern	director	Jeanne Jordan
The Astronaut Farmer	director	The Polish brothers
Sexo con Amor	director	Boris Quercia
The Favorite	director	Jack Smight
Cleopatra (1934 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Cleopatra (1999 film)	director	Franc Roddam
The Fixer (film)	director	John Frankenheimer
Thanks a Million	director	Roy Del Ruth
Theremin: An Electronic Odyssey	director	Steven M. Martin
Child Bride	director	Harry Revier
Robin Hood (1991 film)	director	John Irvin
Never Weaken	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Never Weaken	director	Sam Taylor (director)
Hot Water (1924 film)	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Hot Water (1924 film)	director	Sam Taylor (director)
A Chinese Tall Story	director	Jeffrey Lau
Time After Time (The Wire)	director	Ed Bianchi
Diary of a Housewife (film)	director	Vinod Sukumaran
The Egyptian (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
All Due Respect (The Wire)	director	Steve Shill
Brewster's Millions (1985 film)	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Atomised (film)	director	Oskar Roehler
The Territory of White Deer	director	Ludvík Ráža
Uncle Buck (TV series)	director	John Tracy (director)
Uncle Buck (TV series)	director	Kevin Barry Howe
King Naresuan (film)	director	Chatrichalerm Yukol
Fallout (Jericho episode)	director	Jon Turteltaub
Die Nibelungen	director	Fritz Lang
Iron Will	director	Charles Haid
Life with Roger	director	Robby Benson
Life with Roger	director	Gerry Cohen (director)
Life with Roger	director	Rich Correll
Life with Roger	director	Rod Daniel
Life with Roger	director	James Hampton (actor)
Life with Roger	director	Shelley Jensen
Life with Roger	director	Barnet Kellman
Life with Roger	director	Steve Zuckerman
Dead Soldiers	director	Rob Bailey (director)
Almost Perfect	director	Andy Ackerman
Almost Perfect	director	Stan Daniels
Almost Perfect	director	Victor Fresco
Almost Perfect	director	Kim Friedman
Almost Perfect	director	Leonard R. Garner, Jr.
Almost Perfect	director	David Lee (screenwriter)
Almost Perfect	director	Ken Levine (TV personality)
Almost Perfect	director	Philip Charles MacKenzie
Almost Perfect	director	Gail Mancuso
Almost Perfect	director	Jeff Melman
Almost Perfect	director	Alan Myerson
Almost Perfect	director	Thomas Schlamme
Almost Perfect	director	Rob Schiller
Nick Freno: Licensed Teacher	director	Scott Baio
Nick Freno: Licensed Teacher	director	Amanda Bearse
Nick Freno: Licensed Teacher	director	Shelley Jensen
Nick Freno: Licensed Teacher	director	Gerren Keith
Nick Freno: Licensed Teacher	director	John Tracy (director)
Second Noah	director	Paris Barclay
Second Noah	director	Arvin Brown
Second Noah	director	Donna Deitch
Second Noah	director	Patrick Norris
Second Noah	director	Kenny Ortega
Second Noah	director	Sandy Smolan
The Trench (film)	director	William Boyd (writer)
Invincible (2006 film)	director	Ericson Core
Mother Tucker	director	James Purdum
La Madrastra	director	Édgar Ramírez
Night and Day (1946 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Only the Lonely (film)	director	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
Hamsterdam	director	Ernest Dickerson
Goldfinger (film)	director	Guy Hamilton
Broken Bridges	director	Steven Goldmann
Kilomètre Zéro	director	Hiner Saleem
Vodka Lemon	director	Hiner Saleem
Duane Hopwood	director	Matt Mulhern
Ankur (film)	director	Shyam Benegal
Sinner (film)	director	Marc Benardout
Every Man for Himself (1980 film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Slayers Return	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
Slayers Return	director	Hiroshi Watanabe
Las Vías del Amor	director	Salvador Garcini
Las Vías del Amor	director	José Ángel García
Fatwa (film)	director	John Carter (director)
2:37	director	Murali K. Thalluri
Annie Laurie (film)	director	John S. Robertson
Live at the Palladium (Bad Religion DVD)	director	Zach Merck
Forbidden Siren (film)	director	Yukihiko Tsutsumi
The Sinister Saga of Making "The Stunt Man"	director	Richard Rush (director)
From Noon till Three	director	Frank D. Gilroy
Mater and the Ghostlight	director	John Lasseter
Mater and the Ghostlight	director	Dan Scanlon
That Riviera Touch	director	Cliff Owen
Forty Guns	director	Samuel Fuller
Moondance Alexander	director	Michael Damian
Abraham Lincoln's Clemency	director	Theodore Wharton
When Lincoln Paid	director	Francis Ford (actor)
Guess Hoe's Coming to Dinner	director	Anthony Bell (director)
Modesty Blaise (1966 film)	director	Joseph Losey
Harsh Times	director	David Ayer
Z Channel: A Magnificent Obsession	director	Alexandra Cassavetes
Coming of Age (1988 TV series)	director	James Gardner
Love 101	director	Adrian Fulle
Hull High	director	Bruce Bilson
Hull High	director	Kenny Ortega
Hull High	director	Steven Robman
Hull High	director	Bryan Spicer
Married People	director	Asaad Kelada
Hot Boyz (film)	director	Master P
The Fanelli Boys	director	James Burrows
The Fanelli Boys	director	Jack Shea (director)
The Fanelli Boys	director	David Steinberg
The Fanelli Boys	director	Andrew D. Weyman
Kamen Rider Kabuto: God Speed Love	director	Hidenori Ishida
Going Places (American TV series)	director	Rich Correll
Going Places (American TV series)	director	Mark Linn-Baker
Going Places (American TV series)	director	John Pasquin
Going Places (American TV series)	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
Going Places (American TV series)	director	Jack Shea (director)
Going Places (American TV series)	director	Joel Zwick
Run Leia Run	director	Adam Bertocci
Working It Out	director	Bill Persky
Manny & Lo	director	Lisa Krueger
The Exonerated	director	Bob Balaban
The Grid (The Outer Limits)	director	Charles Winkler (director)
Ted Bundy (film)	director	Matthew Bright
The Insurgents	director	Scott Dacko
Red Riding Hood (2006 film)	director	Randal Kleiser
Return to House on Haunted Hill	director	Victor Garcia (Spanish director)
Trembling Before G-d	director	Sandi Simcha DuBowski
Blue Heaven (Channel 4 TV series)	director	Tony Dow
Blue Heaven (Channel 4 TV series)	director	Carol Wiseman
Kamen Rider Hibiki & The Seven Senki	director	Tarō Sakamoto
The Saint's Vacation	director	Leslie Fenton
Night Mail	director	Harry Watt (director)
Night Mail	director	Basil Wright
Any Gun Can Play	director	Enzo G. Castellari
Unearthed (film)	director	Matthew Leutwyler
Straight and True	director	Dan Attias
Thousand Pieces of Gold	director	Nancy Kelly
Carol & Company	director	Marian Deaton
Carol & Company	director	Andrew D. Weyman
DEA (1990 TV series)	director	Robert Bowman
DEA (1990 TV series)	director	Colin Bucksey
Homecoming (The Wire)	director	Leslie Libman
Looking for Langston	director	Isaac Julien
Back Burners	director	Tim Van Patten
It's Still a Good Life	director	Allan Kroeker
Heroes and Demons	director	Les Landau
The Red Baron (film)	director	Nikolai Müllerschön
Shrek (film series)	director	Andrew Adamson
Shrek (film series)	director	Chris Miller (animator)
Shrek (film series)	director	Mike Mitchell (director)
Nikki (TV series)	director	Gerry Cohen (director)
Nikki (TV series)	director	Shelley Jensen
Nikki (TV series)	director	Steve Zuckerman
Young Blades	director	Richard Martin
Al Franken: God Spoke	director	Nick Doob
Al Franken: God Spoke	director	Chris Hegedus
The Phantom Creeps	director	Ford Beebe
The Phantom Creeps	director	Saul A. Goodkind
The Dark Glow of the Mountains	director	Werner Herzog
The Great Ecstasy of Woodcarver Steiner	director	Werner Herzog
Where the Green Ants Dream	director	Werner Herzog
Barefoot in the Park (TV series)	director	Bruce Bilson
Barefoot in the Park (TV series)	director	Jerry Paris
Behind the Mask (2006 documentary film)	director	Shannon Keith
Moral Midgetry	director	Agnieszka Holland
That Beautiful Somewhere	director	Robert Budreau
Class of Nuke 'Em High 2: Subhumanoid Meltdown	director	Eric Louzil
Class of Nuke 'Em High 2: Subhumanoid Meltdown	director	Donald G. Jackson
Blue Car	director	Karen Moncrieff
The Magic Flute (2006 film)	director	Kenneth Branagh
All About Ah-Long	director	Johnnie To
That Old Feeling (film)	director	Carl Reiner
Timecop (TV series)	director	Peter Hyams
Timecop (TV series)	director	Allan Arkush
Adrenaline Rush (film)	director	Marc Fafard
High Roller: The Stu Ungar Story	director	A. W. Vidmer
Class of Nuke 'Em High 3: The Good, the Bad and the Subhumanoid	director	Eric Louzil
Fight Back to School II	director	Gordon Chan
Bye Bye Monkey	director	Marco Ferreri
Manhunt (Prison Break)	director	Kevin Hooks
Water's Journey: The Hidden Rivers of Florida	director	Wesley C. Skiles
Trader Hornee	director	Jonathan Lucas
The Saint's Double Trouble	director	Jack Hively
Lady Sings the News	director	Keith Alcorn
It's in the Water	director	Kelli Herd
Mrityudand	director	Prakash Jha
The Voice of the Turtle (film)	director	Irving Rapper
Paris Qui Dort	director	René Clair
638 Ways to Kill Castro	director	Dollan Cannell
The Gingerbread Man (film)	director	Robert Altman
American Friends	director	Tristram Powell
Rhapsody (1954 film)	director	Charles Vidor
Pretty Boy Floyd (film)	director	Herbert J. Leder
Sleepless (The X-Files)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Jules Verne's Rocket to the Moon	director	Don Sharp
Diggstown	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Fish (BBC TV series)	director	Brett Fallis
Fish (BBC TV series)	director	Claire Winyard
Gigot (film)	director	Gene Kelly
A Home Too Far	director	Chu Yen-ping
Man in the Mirror: The Michael Jackson Story	director	Allan Moyle
Flirt (1995 film)	director	Hal Hartley
Simple Men	director	Hal Hartley
Full Clip	director	Christopher Morrison
Wing and a Prayer	director	Henry Hathaway
Being Tom Baldwin	director	Colin Bucksey
Once Upon a Time in the Midlands	director	Shane Meadows
The New World (The 4400 episodes)	director	Vincent Misiano
Gone (The 4400)	director	Morgan Beggs
Graduation Day (The 4400)	director	Aaron Lipstadt
Secret Agent Man (TV series)	director	Barry Sonnenfeld
Secret Agent Man (TV series)	director	Jefery Levy
Secret Agent Man (TV series)	director	Bo Welch
The Saint Takes Over	director	Jack Hively
The Saint in Palm Springs	director	Jack Hively
Public Enemies (2009 film)	director	Michael Mann (director)
The Saint in New York (film)	director	Ben Holmes
The Trumpet of the Swan (film)	director	Richard Rich (director)
Blood of a Champion	director	Larry Page
Johnny Was	director	Mark Hammond
Thank Your Lucky Stars (1943 film)	director	David Butler (director)
Bloodfist	director	Terence H. Winkless
H2O: Just Add Water	director	Jeffrey Walker (actor)
The Triumph of Love	director	Clare Peploe
Dil Diya Hai	director	Aaditya Datt
The Land Before Time XII: The Great Day of the Flyers	director	Charles Grosvenor
Earthlings (film)	director	Shaun Monson
Welcome Back, Mr. McDonald	director	Kōki Mitani
Mack the Knife (film)	director	Menahem Golan
The Avengers (The O.C.)	director	Ian Toynton
Valentino (1977 film)	director	Ken Russell
Lenny (TV series)	director	Andy Cadiff
Lenny (TV series)	director	Terry Hughes (director)
Zachariah (film)	director	George Englund
Cargo (2006 film)	director	Clive Gordon
New (film)	director	S. J. Surya
The Tyrant Father	director	António Lopes Ribeiro
The Milky Way (1936 film)	director	Leo McCarey
Teech	director	Paul Lazarus
FBI: The Untold Stories	director	Corey Allen
FBI: The Untold Stories	director	Judy Chaikin
This Boy's Life (film)	director	Michael Caton-Jones
Dolls (1987 film)	director	Stuart Gordon
Drexell's Class	director	Matthew Diamond
Drexell's Class	director	Dick Martin (comedian)
Chasing the Horizon	director	Markus Canter
Chasing the Horizon	director	Mason Canter
Camp Wilder	director	Gail Mancuso
Camp Wilder	director	Arlene Sanford
Camp Wilder	director	David Trainer
Camp Wilder	director	James Widdoes
The Man Who Could Not Laugh	director	Bo Hermansson
Hell Comes to Quahog	director	Dan Povenmire
Saving Private Brian	director	Cyndi Tang
Whistle While Your Wife Works	director	Greg Colton
Prick Up Your Ears (Family Guy)	director	James Purdum
Chick Cancer	director	Pete Michels
Barely Legal (Family Guy)	director	Zac Moncrief
H-E Double Hockey Sticks	director	Randall Miller
Road to Rupert	director	Dan Povenmire
Child Marriage (film)	director	Neeraj Kumar
The Outsider (The O.C.)	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
Queen for a Day (Arrested Development)	director	Andrew Fleming
Hollywood Boulevard (1976 film)	director	Allan Arkush
Hollywood Boulevard (1976 film)	director	Joe Dante
Chained for Life	director	Harry L. Fraser
Who'll Stop the Rain	director	Karel Reisz
Night of a 1000 Cats	director	René Cardona Jr.
The Real (The Boondocks)	director	Anthony Bell (director)
Where Angels Fear to Tread (film)	director	Charles Sturridge
Mitr, My Friend	director	Revathi
Rambo: The Force of Freedom	director	Charles August Nichols
Running Out of Time (1999 film)	director	Johnnie To
Life Under Water	director	Jay Holman
Astitva	director	Mahesh Manjrekar
The Young Savages	director	John Frankenheimer
For Me and My Gal (film)	director	Busby Berkeley
Pauvre Pierrot	director	Charles-Émile Reynaud
Monkeyshines	director	William Kennedy Dickson
Monkeyshines	director	William Heise
The Covenant (film)	director	Renny Harlin
Like It Was	director	Larry Shaw (director)
No Such Thing (film)	director	Hal Hartley
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes (film)	director	Alfred L. Werker
Lipstick and Dynamite, Piss and Vinegar: The First Ladies of Wrestling	director	Ruth Leitman
Orion's Belt (film)	director	Ola Solum
Orion's Belt (film)	director	Tristan DeVere Cole
Uncivil Warriors	director	Del Lord
Burning Love (Arrested Development)	director	Paul Feig
The Last Dispatch	director	Helmut Schleppi
Savage Planet (film)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
The Honeytrap	director	Michael Gunther
Out on a Limb (Arrested Development)	director	Danny Leiner
I Like It Like That (film)	director	Darnell Martin
Everybody's Trucking	director	David Croft (TV producer)
The Last Pogo	director	Colin Brunton
The Last Pogo	director	Patrick Lee
The White Masai	director	Hermine Huntgeburth
Frog-g-g!	director	Cody Jarrett
The Crew (2000 film)	director	Michael Dinner
The Spy Who Loved Me (film)	director	Lewis Gilbert
For Your Eyes Only (film)	director	John Glen (director)
Dr. No (film)	director	Terence Young (director)
Live and Let Die (film)	director	Guy Hamilton
Moonraker (film)	director	Lewis Gilbert
From Russia with Love (film)	director	Terence Young (director)
Lunacy (film)	director	Jan Švankmajer
The Whole Nine Yards (film)	director	Jonathan Lynn
The Snake King	director	Allan A. Goldstein
Flesh Color	director	François Weyergans
Kenny (2006 film)	director	Clayton Jacobson (director)
Legion of Fire: Killer Ants!	director	Jim Charleston
Legion of Fire: Killer Ants!	director	George Manasse
On the 2nd Day of Christmas	director	James Frawley
Street Angel (1937 film)	director	Yuan Muzhi
National Lampoon's Dorm Daze 2	director	David Hillenbrand
National Lampoon's Dorm Daze 2	director	Scott Hillenbrand
Major Chandrakanth	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
The Emperor and the Golem	director	Martin Frič
The Emperor and the Golem	director	Jiří Krejčík
Jan Dara	director	Nonzee Nimibutr
L'Appât	director	Bertrand Tavernier
The Code (2001 film)	director	Hannu Puttonen
The Inspector Wears Skirts	director	Wellson Chin
Spring in a Small Town	director	Fei Mu
Elvis Has Left the Building (film)	director	Joel Zwick
The Yellow Rolls-Royce	director	Anthony Asquith
The Girlfriend (The O.C.)	director	Steven Robman
Bobbili Puli	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
The Escape (The O.C.)	director	Sanford Bookstaver
The Rescue (The O.C.)	director	Michael Lange
The Harpy	director	Josh Becker
Wax or the Discovery of Television Among the Bees	director	David Blair
Bitter Harvest (1963 film)	director	Peter Graham Scott
The Home Front	director	Nick Copus
Conspirators of Pleasure	director	Jan Švankmajer
Blink (The 4400)	director	Colin Bucksey
The Ballad of Kevin and Tess	director	Scott Peters (writer)
Mrs. Palfrey at the Claremont	director	Dan Ireland
The Starzl Mutation	director	Allison Liddi-Brown
The Gospel According to Collier	director	Fred Toye
Food (film)	director	Jan Švankmajer
Equus (film)	director	Sidney Lumet
Betrayed (1954 film)	director	Gottfried Reinhardt
Three Fugitives	director	Francis Veber
Devdas (1928 film)	director	Naresh Mitra
Devdas (1936 film)	director	P. C. Barua
Devdas (1953 Telugu film)	director	Vedantam Raghavaiah
Devdas (1979 film)	director	Dilip Roy
The Tan Aquatic with Steve Zissou	director	Julius Wu
Bill and Peter's Bogus Journey	director	Dominic Polcino
Meet the Quagmires	director	Dan Povenmire
Devdas (2002 Bengali film)	director	Shakti Samanta
Blue Harvest (Family Guy)	director	Dominic Polcino
Shooter (film)	director	Antoine Fuqua
Devdas (1953 Tamil film)	director	Vedantam Raghavaiah
Schatten – Eine nächtliche Halluzination	director	Arthur Robison
Man of the Year (2006 film)	director	Barry Levinson
Ajooba	director	Shashi Kapoor
Ajooba	director	Gennadi Vasilyev
The Perfect Weapon	director	Mark DiSalle
The Wannabes	director	Nick Giannopoulos
The Wog Boy	director	Aleksi Vellis
Eat a Bowl of Tea (film)	director	Wayne Wang
Anything to Declare?	director	Redd Davis
Karz (film)	director	Subhash Ghai
The Heights (The O.C.)	director	Patrick Norris
Clean, Shaven	director	Lodge Kerrigan
Hands Over the City	director	Francesco Rosi
The Perfect Couple (The O.C.)	director	Michael Fresco
The Homecoming (The O.C.)	director	Keith Samples
The Secret (The O.C.)	director	James Marshall (director)
The Best Chrismukkah Ever	director	Sanford Bookstaver
The Countdown	director	Michael Fresco
The Third Wheel (The O.C.)	director	Sandy Smolan
The Links	director	Michael Lange
Little Green Men (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	James L. Conway
The ButterCream Gang	director	Bruce Neibaur
I Remember You Now...	director	Henry S. Miller
Damnation (film)	director	Béla Tarr
Chromophobia	director	Martha Fiennes
2002 (film)	director	Wilson Yip
7Up 2000	director	Julian Farino
Gimme an 'F'	director	Paul Justman
Jekyll (TV series)	director	Douglas Mackinnon
Jekyll (TV series)	director	Matt Lipsey
Flesh 'n' Blood (TV series)	director	Noam Pitlik
Liz: The Elizabeth Taylor Story	director	Kevin Connor (director)
Guys Next Door	director	Jon Ezrine
Guys Next Door	director	Dominic Orlando
Guys Next Door	director	Rick Squire
Satyam Shivam Sundaram	director	Raj Kapoor
The Meteor Man (film)	director	Robert Townsend (actor)
Gulliver's Travels Beyond the Moon	director	Masao Kuroda
Gulliver's Travels Beyond the Moon	director	Sanae Yamamoto
Down from the Mountain	director	Nick Doob
Down from the Mountain	director	Chris Hegedus
Down from the Mountain	director	D. A. Pennebaker
A Force of One	director	Paul Aaron
Dr. Giggles	director	Manny Coto
The Passion of Darkly Noon	director	Philip Ridley
The Nephew	director	Eugene Brady
The Sword of Kahless	director	LeVar Burton
Cassandra's Dream	director	Woody Allen
Homefront (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	David Livingston
Crossfire (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Les Landau
The Odd Couple (film)	director	Gene Saks
The Pit and the Pendulum (1991 film)	director	Stuart Gordon
Daughter of Darkness (1990 film)	director	Stuart Gordon
Brother to Brother (film)	director	Rodney J. Evans
Animal Farm (1954 film)	director	John Halas
Animal Farm (1954 film)	director	Joy Batchelor
Bride of Chaotica! (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Allan Kroeker
The Rivals (The O.C.)	director	Ian Toynton
Twice Two	director	James Parrott
The Truth (The O.C.)	director	Rodman Flender
The Heartbreak	director	Lev L. Spiro
Down Among the Z Men	director	Maclean Rogers
The Telenovela	director	Sanford Bookstaver
Pasivadi Pranam	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
Bring Me the Head of Mavis Davis	director	John Henderson (director)
The Goodbye Girl (The O.C.)	director	Patrick Norris
The L.A.	director	David M. Barrett
The Nana	director	Michael Lange
The Proposal (The O.C.)	director	Helen Shaver
P.S. I Luv U	director	Bruce Bilson
P.S. I Luv U	director	Peter H. Hunt
P.S. I Luv U	director	David Nutter
P.S. I Luv U	director	Jerry Thorpe
P.S. I Luv U	director	Mike Vejar
Atom Age Vampire	director	Anton Giulio Majano
50 Cent: The New Breed	director	Damon Johnson
The Shower	director	Sandy Smolan
The Strip (The O.C.)	director	James Marshall (director)
The Ties That Bind (The O.C.)	director	Patrick Norris
Jagadeka Veerudu Athiloka Sundari	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Leave It to Beaver (film)	director	Andy Cadiff
The Deadly Companions	director	Sam Peckinpah
Boyfriends (film)	director	Tom Hunsinger
Boyfriends (film)	director	Neil Hunter
Gunga Din (film)	director	George Stevens
Brothers (2004 film)	director	Susanne Bier
A Huey Freeman Christmas	director	Seung Eun Kim
The Goddess (1934 film)	director	Wu Yonggang
Stacy (film)	director	Naoyuki Tomomatsu
Lewis and Clark and George	director	Rod McCall (film director)
Lady Be Good (1941 film)	director	Norman Z. McLeod
American Boyfriends	director	Sandy Wilson (director)
Lonelygirl15	director	Glenn Rubenstein
Lonelygirl15	director	EQAL#Amanda Goodfried
Lonelygirl15	director	Jackson Davis
Lonelygirl15	director	Mesh Flinders
Lonelygirl15	director	EQAL#Miles Beckett
Lonelygirl15	director	Yumiko Aoyagi
The Man with a Cloak	director	Fletcher Markle
Rehearsal for Murder	director	David Greene (director)
A Steam Train Passes	director	David Haythornwaite
Do You Remember Dolly Bell?	director	Emir Kusturica
Expiration Date (film)	director	Rick Stevenson
Roselyne et les lions	director	Jean-Jacques Beineix
Soulkeeper	director	Darin Ferriola
Blue Moon (2006 film)	director	Joel Lamangan
Dreadnaught (film)	director	Yuen Woo-ping
Dèmoni 3	director	Umberto Lenzi
Island of Doomed Men	director	Charles Barton
Live Free or Die (film)	director	Gregg Kavet
Live Free or Die (film)	director	Andy Robin
Walk the Walk	director	Jac Zacha
Vanaja (film)	director	Rajnesh Domalpalli
Coven (film)	director	Mark Borchardt
The Plastic Man Comedy/Adventure Show	director	Rudy Larriva
The Plastic Man Comedy/Adventure Show	director	Charles August Nichols
Gata Salvaje	director	Yaky Ortega
Gata Salvaje	director	Freddy Trujillo
A Night to Remember (1958 film)	director	Roy Ward Baker
Island of Lost Women	director	Frank Tuttle
And Then There Were None (film)	director	René Clair
Dense (film)	director	Vanessa A. Williams
Night-Wolf	director	Kristen Gibson
Cruel Doubt	director	Yves Simoneau
Paprika (2006 film)	director	Satoshi Kon
Flash (1997 film)	director	Simon Wincer
Black Dragons	director	William Nigh
Fragile (2005 film)	director	Jaume Balagueró
One Body Too Many	director	Frank McDonald (director)
Revolt of the Zombies	director	Victor Hugo Halperin
Wholesale Souls Inc.	director	Andrew Gingerich
Race with the Devil	director	Jack Starrett
Garv: Pride and Honour	director	Puneet Issar
Saajan	director	Lawrence D'Souza
The Fatal Hour	director	William Nigh
The Mad Monster	director	Sam Newfield
The Man from Snowy River (1982 film)	director	George T. Miller
Rage at Dawn	director	Tim Whelan
The Shadow Strikes	director	Lynn Shores
Hard Hunted	director	Christian Drew Sidaris
Carry On Dick	director	Gerald Thomas
Gum Drops	director	Richard J. Lewis
Return to Grace	director	Jonathan West
Ahista Ahista (2006 film)	director	Shivam Nair
Color of the Cross	director	Jean-Claude La Marre
Mata Hari (1931 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
Iqbal (film)	director	Nagesh Kukunoor
Ravished Armenia	director	Oscar Apfel
The Queen (film)	director	Stephen Frears
Rocket Gibraltar	director	Daniel Petrie
Garden of Evil	director	Henry Hathaway
Requiem of Snow	director	Jamil Rostami
Dinner for Adele	director	Oldřich Lipský
Signs and Wonders (film)	director	Jonathan Nossiter
Nomad (2005 film)	director	Sergei Bodrov
Nomad (2005 film)	director	Ivan Passer
Nomad (2005 film)	director	Talgat Temenov
Sunday (1997 film)	director	Jonathan Nossiter
Marooned in Iraq	director	Bahman Ghobadi
Cinema of Unease	director	Sam Neill
Cinema of Unease	director	Judy Rymer
Everest '82	director	Graeme Campbell (director)
The Vampire Bat	director	Frank R. Strayer
Shyamol Chhaya	director	Humayun Ahmed
Our Brand Is Crisis	director	Rachel Boynton
Wilbur Wants to Kill Himself	director	Lone Scherfig
Magic Carpet Ride (film)	director	Yılmaz Erdoğan
My Father and My Son	director	Çağan Irmak
Howard the Duck (film)	director	Willard Huyck
The Ape	director	William Nigh
The Monster Maker	director	Sam Newfield
The Killer Shrews	director	Ray Kellogg
Bluebeard (1944 film)	director	Edgar G. Ulmer
Yellow Sky	director	William A. Wellman
The Front Page (1931 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Carry On Emmannuelle	director	Gerald Thomas
Carry On Loving	director	Gerald Thomas
Carry On Matron	director	Gerald Thomas
Sunday (2002 TV drama)	director	Charles McDougall
The Mike O'Malley Show	director	James Widdoes
Faces of Death VI	director	John Alan Schwartz
Fast Food Nation (film)	director	Richard Linklater
Sarabhai vs Sarabhai	director	Deven Bhojani
The Hard Corps	director	Sheldon Lettich
Dead Man's Island	director	Peter H. Hunt
Dreams That Money Can Buy	director	Hans Richter (artist)
Loch Ness (film)	director	John Henderson (director)
You Kill Me	director	John Dahl
Nice She Ain't	director	David Warren (director)
Aankhen (1993 film)	director	David Dhawan
Amityville 3-D	director	Richard Fleischer
Amityville 4	director	Sandor Stern
Amityville Dollhouse	director	Steve White (producer)
Hester Street (film)	director	Joan Micklin Silver
The Family Jewels (film)	director	Jerry Lewis
Bad Blood (1982 film)	director	Mike Newell (director)
The Phantom of Crestwood	director	J. Walter Ruben
Moonnamathoral	director	V. K. Prakash
I'm with Her	director	Robby Benson
I'm with Her	director	John Fortenberry
I'm with Her	director	Shelley Jensen
I'm with Her	director	Philip Charles MacKenzie
I'm with Her	director	Marco Pennette
I'm with Her	director	Joe Regalbuto
I'm with Her	director	Arlene Sanford
I'm with Her	director	Ted Wass (actor)
A Simple Investigation	director	John T. Kretchmer
Shrunken Heads	director	Richard Elfman
The Ghost Walks	director	Frank R. Strayer
Shocking Asia	director	Rolf Olsen (actor)
Shocking Asia II: The Last Taboos	director	Rolf Olsen (actor)
The Silver Lining (1921 film)	director	Roland West
Monty (TV series)	director	Robby Benson
Monty (TV series)	director	James Burrows
Monty (TV series)	director	Matthew Diamond
Monty (TV series)	director	Gene Reynolds
Learning Curve (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Dil (film)	director	V. V. Vinayak
Kaleidoscope (film)	director	Jack Smight
DeepStar Six	director	Sean S. Cunningham
The Evil Below	director	Wayne Crawford
The Evil Below	director	Jean-Claude Dubois
Thimiru	director	Tarun Gopi
Lords of the Deep	director	Mary Ann Fisher
Sandakozhi	director	N. Linguswamy
Thiruvilaiyaadal Aarambam	director	Boopathy Pandian
The Seven-Ups	director	Philip D'Antoni
Diary of a Hitman	director	Roy London
Broadway Damage	director	Victor Mignatti
The Hurricane Express	director	Armand Schaefer
The Hurricane Express	director	J. P. McGowan
Carrie (1952 film)	director	William Wyler
Osaka Elegy	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Repast (film)	director	Mikio Naruse
Word of Honor (2003 film)	director	Robert Markowitz
Bratz Forever Diamondz	director	Sean McNamara (director)
Sexo, amor y otras perversiones	director	Carlos Carrera
Sexo, amor y otras perversiones	director	Daniel Gruener
Sexo, amor y otras perversiones	director	Gustavo Loza
Sexo, amor y otras perversiones	director	Carolina Rivera
Sexo, amor y otras perversiones	director	María Fernanda Suárez
Sexo, amor y otras perversiones	director	Gerardo Tort
Sexo, amor y otras perversiones	director	Ángel Flores Torres
Sexo, amor y otras perversiones	director	Javier 'Fox' Patrón
Sexo, amor y otras perversiones	director	Carlos Sariñana
Prom Night III: The Last Kiss	director	Ron Oliver
Parturition (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Jonathan Frakes
Le casse	director	Henri Verneuil
Sivappathigaram	director	Karu Pazhaniappan
Big Bully (film)	director	Steve Miner
Thaamirabharani	director	Hari (director)
Karate Kiba	director	Tatsuichi Takamori
Karate Kiba	director	Simon Nuchtern
Boy Meets Girl (1998 film)	director	Jerry Ciccoritti
Pokkiri	director	Prabhu Deva
Land of the Lost (film)	director	Brad Silberling
Terrible Swift Sword (The 4400)	director	Scott Peters (writer)
Smells (Bottom episode)	director	Ed Bye
Invasion (TV documentary)	director	Julian Birkett
Mojave Moon	director	Kevin Dowling (director)
Gas (Bottom episode)	director	Ed Bye
Sange Meel Se Mulaqat	director	Gautam Ghose
Buddy (film)	director	Caroline Thompson
Whirlygirl	director	Jim Wilson (producer)
Doraemon: Nobita's New Great Adventure into the Underworld – The Seven Magic Users	director	Yukiyo Teramoto
God Wants Me to Forgive Them!?!	director	Phil Vischer
The Blue Room (film)	director	Walter Doehner
A Is for Atom	director	Carl Urbano
Vendetta (1999 film)	director	Nicholas Meyer
Doomed to Die	director	William Nigh
Autumn in New York (film)	director	Joan Chen
Your Job in Germany	director	Frank Capra
World and Time Enough	director	Eric Mueller
The Distance (The O.C.)	director	Ian Toynton
The Education of Charlie Banks	director	Fred Durst
Aces Go Places (film series)	director	Eric Tsang
Aces Go Places (film series)	director	Tsui Hark
Aces Go Places (film series)	director	Ringo Lam
Aces Go Places (film series)	director	Lau Kar-leung
A Trap for Santa Claus	director	D. W. Griffith
Graveyard Shift (1987 film)	director	Jerry Ciccoritti
The Way We Were (The O.C.)	director	Michael Lange
The Understudy: Graveyard Shift II	director	Jerry Ciccoritti
The New Kids on the Block (The O.C.)	director	Lev L. Spiro
The Electric Grandmother	director	Noel Black
OK Baytong	director	Nonzee Nimibutr
The Pursuit of D. B. Cooper	director	Roger Spottiswoode
Little Murders	director	Alan Arkin
The New Era	director	Michael Fresco
A Man Called Shenandoah	director	Tom Gries
A Man Called Shenandoah	director	Harry Harris (director)
A Man Called Shenandoah	director	Nathan H. Juran
A Man Called Shenandoah	director	Joseph H. Lewis
A Man Called Shenandoah	director	Jud Taylor
Wrongs Darker Than Death or Night	director	Jonathan West
Bloodfist IV: Die Trying	director	Paul Ziller
Bloodfist II	director	Andy Blumenthal
Toni (film)	director	Jean Renoir
The Ten-Year Lunch	director	Aviva Slesin
The Overture	director	Ittisoontorn Vichailak
Bloodfist V: Human Target	director	Jeff Yonis
Bloodfist VII: Manhunt	director	Jonathan Winfrey
Babar: The Movie	director	Alan Bunce
Highway (film)	director	James Cox
Gang (film)	director	Mazhar Khan (actor)
Passage to Marseille	director	Michael Curtiz
Background to Danger	director	Raoul Walsh
Shoeshine (film)	director	Vittorio De Sica
Maid in Akihabara	director	Yoshiaki Tago
Employee of the Month (2006 film)	director	Greg Coolidge
Box of Moonlight	director	Tom DiCillo
The Importance of Being Earnest (1952 film)	director	Anthony Asquith
Pippi Longstocking (1997 film)	director	Clive A. Smith
Contest (Bottom episode)	director	Ed Bye
Funeral Parade of Roses	director	Toshio Matsumoto
Noh Matta Wat!	director	S. Torriano Berry
Noh Matta Wat!	director	James E. Cheek Jr.
Noh Matta Wat!	director	Eric D. Berry
Noh Matta Wat!	director	Kelley Chatman
Hitman (1998 film)	director	Tung Wai
The Superman/Aquaman Hour of Adventure	director	Hal Sutherland
Inspiration (1915 film)	director	George Foster Platt
Tail Sting	director	Paul Wynne
Blue Thunder (TV series)	director	Guy Magar
Real Life (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Anson Williams
StrayDog: Kerberos Panzer Cops	director	Mamoru Oshii
The Red Spectacles	director	Mamoru Oshii
Little City	director	Roberto Benabib
In This Our Life	director	John Huston
Submarine Command	director	John Farrow
Hermitage Amsterdam	director	Ernst Veen
Radha Gopalam	director	Bapu (artist)
Lakshmi Narasimha	director	Jayanth C. Paranjee
The Lords of Discipline (film)	director	Franc Roddam
Apocalypse (Bottom episode)	director	Ed Bye
'S Up	director	Ed Bye
Accident (Bottom episode)	director	Ed Bye
Deadly Outbreak	director	Rick Avery
February 14 (film)	director	S. P. Hosimin
Joggers' Park (film)	director	Anant Balani
Idhaya Thirudan	director	Saran (director)
Poovellam Un Vasam	director	S. Ezhil
Kalvanin Kadhali (2006 film)	director	Thamilvaanan
For Us the Living: The Medgar Evers Story	director	Michael Schulz (director)
Who Are You, Polly Maggoo?	director	William Klein
Parijatham	director	K. Bhagyaraj
Mary (1978 TV series)	director	Robert Iscove
Mayerling (1968 film)	director	Terence Young (director)
Attila (1954 film)	director	Pietro Francisci
Viyabari	director	Sakthi Chidambaram
Athanokkade	director	Surender Reddy
Horns and Halos	director	Suki Hawley
Horns and Halos	director	Michael Galinsky
I Am Legend (film)	director	Francis Lawrence
The Life and Times of Judge Roy Bean	director	John Huston
Mary (1985 TV series)	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
Mary (1985 TV series)	director	Rod Daniel
Mary (1985 TV series)	director	Danny DeVito
Mary (1985 TV series)	director	Ellen Gittelsohn
Mary (1985 TV series)	director	Will Mackenzie
LOL (film)	director	Joe Swanberg
If Looks Could Kill (film)	director	William Dear
Sleeping Dogs Lie (2006 film)	director	Bobcat Goldthwait
Princesas	director	Fernando León de Aranoa
Dixie Chicks: Shut Up and Sing	director	Barbara Kopple
Dixie Chicks: Shut Up and Sing	director	Cecilia Peck
And They Call It Bobby Love	director	Cyndi Tang
Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story	director	Pete Michels
Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story  Stewie B. Goode""Bango Was His Name, Oh!""Stu and   1	director	Pete Michels
Trilogy of Terror II	director	Dan Curtis
Harper (film)	director	Jack Smight
Hit the Ice (film)	director	Charles Lamont
The Stooge	director	Norman Taurog
Playing God (film)	director	Andy Wilson (director)
The Adventures of Batman	director	Hal Sutherland
The Batman/Superman Hour	director	Hal Sutherland
Rudraveena (film)	director	K. Balachander
The Toy That Saved Christmas	director	Phil Vischer
Lie with Me	director	Clement Virgo
Minimoni ja Movie: Okashi na Daibōken!	director	Shinji Higuchi
Young Americans (1967 film)	director	Alex Grasshoff
Frogs (film)	director	George McCowan
Macbeth (2006 film)	director	Geoffrey Wright
The L.A. Riot Spectacular	director	Marc Klasfeld
Delta Force 2: The Colombian Connection	director	Aaron Norris
Barsaat Ki Raat	director	P. L. Santoshi
Classic Albums: Metallica – Metallica	director	Matthew Longfellow
Pilot (The 4400)	director	Yves Simoneau
Aces Go Places	director	Eric Tsang
Aces Go Places 3	director	Tsui Hark
The SnO.C.	director	Ian Toynton
The Chrismukkah That Almost Wasn't	director	Tony Wharmby
The Family Ties	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
The Power of Love (The O.C.)	director	Michael Lange
Not Quite Human (film)	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
Carried Away (1996 film)	director	Bruno Barreto
Swayamvaram	director	Adoor Gopalakrishnan
Severance (film)	director	Christopher Smith (director)
Thenali	director	K. S. Ravikumar
The Magnificent Ferengi	director	Chip Chalmers
Moon in the Gutter	director	Jean-Jacques Beineix
The World Gone Mad	director	Christy Cabanne
Gypsy (1962 film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Highway to Hell (film)	director	Ate de Jong
The Wild Life (film)	director	Art Linson
Tormented (1960 film)	director	Bert I. Gordon
Gallowwalker	director	Andrew Goth
Nihon Chinbotsu (2006 film)	director	Shinji Higuchi
Beast Wars II	director	Osamu Sekita
Olive Juice	director	Ken Hastings
Masahista	director	Brillante Mendoza
Sparrers Can't Sing	director	Joan Littlewood
Bright Boy	director	Frank Prinzi
My Déjà Vu, My Déjà Vu	director	Linda Mendoza
Aik Aur Love Story	director	Sajjad Ali
Annayya	director	Mutyala Subbayya
The Monster Walks	director	Frank R. Strayer
Muta Mesthri	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
Killa Season (film)	director	Cam'ron
The Washingtonians	director	Peter Medak
Going Back (film)	director	Ron Teachworth
King of the Zombies	director	Jean Yarbrough
Crazy (2007 film)	director	Rick Bieber
Good Shepherd (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Bloodlust!	director	Ralph Brooke
Aishite Imasu 1941: Mahal Kita	director	Joel Lamangan
Nijam	director	Teja
The Golden Louis	director	D. W. Griffith
Udhaya	director	Azhagam Perumal
The Black Shield of Falworth	director	Rudolph Maté
Live at Festival Hall	director	Bernie Zelvis
The Endurance: Shackleton's Legendary Antarctic Expedition	director	George Butler (filmmaker)
Firecracker (film)	director	Steve Balderson
Engagement (film)	director	Bryony Roughton
Forever Strong	director	Ryan Little
The Phantom from 10,000 Leagues	director	Dan Milner
Savage Beach	director	Andy Sidaris
Nobody's Perfect (1968 film)	director	Alan Rafkin
Descent (The Outer Limits)	director	Steve Anker
The Incredible Petrified World	director	Jerry Warren
F.P.1	director	Karl Hartl
Moon of the Wolf	director	Daniel Petrie
She Gods of Shark Reef	director	Roger Corman
The Amazing Transparent Man	director	Edgar G. Ulmer
The Silent Enemy (film)	director	William Fairchild
The Tooth Fairy (2006 film)	director	Chuck Bowman
Twisted (2001 film)	director	Greg Petusky
Twisted (2001 film)	director	List of River City characters#Past characters
Workforce (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Allan Kroeker
Workforce (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Roxann Dawson
Money from Home	director	George Marshall (director)
The Case of the Mukkinese Battle Horn	director	Joseph Sterling
Captains of the Clouds	director	Michael Curtiz
The Wasp Woman	director	Roger Corman
The Wasp Woman	director	Jack Hill
Nertsery Rhymes	director	Jack Cummings (director)
Penny Points to Paradise	director	Tony Young (director)
Let's Go Crazy (film)	director	Alan Cullimore
Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters	director	Matt Maiellaro
Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters	director	Dave Willis
48 Shades	director	Daniel Lapaine
The Killian Curse	director	Thomas Robins
The Caterpillar Wish	director	Sandra Sciberras
The Triumph of the Weak	director	Tom Terris
The Story of Gangstalicious	director	Seung Eun Kim
The Power of Salad	director	Peter Glantz
Parattai Engira Azhagu Sundaram	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
Above Us the Waves (film)	director	Ralph Thomas
Iyarkai	director	S. P. Jananathan
Padayappa	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Boy on a Dolphin	director	Jean Negulesco
Vaaranam Aayiram	director	Gautham Menon
Thalai Nagaram	director	Suraj (director)
Thiruda Thirudi	director	Subramniya Siva
The Adventures of Quentin Durward	director	Richard Thorpe
The Forbidden Kingdom	director	Rob Minkoff
Knights of the Round Table (film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Tokyo Eyes	director	Jean-Pierre Limosin
Baba (2002 film)	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
Voyage to the Prehistoric Planet	director	Pavel Klushantsev
Voyage to the Prehistoric Planet	director	Curtis Harrington
Pilot (Smallville)	director	David Nutter
Cheerleader Ninjas	director	Kevin Campbell
Dead Man Walking (film)	director	Tim Robbins
Mizugumo Monmon	director	Hayao Miyazaki
In the Blood (The Outer Limits)	director	Jorge Montesi
Kong Island	director	Roberto Mauri
Big Bird in Japan	director	Jon Stone
Bride of the Gorilla	director	Curt Siodmak
O Dreamland	director	Lindsay Anderson
Samantha (telenovela)	director	Claudio Callao
Samantha (telenovela)	director	Omar Hurtado
Earth Quack	director	Alan Zaslove
George and the Dragon (film)	director	Tom Reeve
Diary of the Dead	director	George A. Romero
Deadly Intentions	director	Noel Black
Deadly Intentions... Again?	director	James Steven Sadwith
Tempest (Smallville)	director	Greg Beeman
Last Embrace	director	Jonathan Demme
I Hired a Contract Killer	director	Aki Kaurismäki
Kedi (2006 film)	director	Jyothi Krishna
Vattaram	director	Saran (director)
After the Rain (film)	director	Takashi Koizumi
Tjenare Kungen	director	Ulf Malmros
Aarzoo	director	Lawrence D'Souza
The Biscuit Eater	director	Vincent McEveety
Peter's Two Dads	director	Cyndi Tang
Julius Caesar (1970 film)	director	Stuart Burge
Crash of the Moons	director	Hollingsworth Morse
Living It Up	director	Norman Taurog
Menace from Outer Space	director	Hollingsworth Morse
Go Fish (film)	director	Rose Troche
The Passenger (2005 film)	director	François Rotger
The Secret of My Success (1965 film)	director	Andrew L. Stone
Big Mama (film)	director	Tracy Seretean
Evil Ed	director	Draconian (band)
The Last Time I Saw Paris	director	Richard Brooks
The Boys of St. Vincent	director	John N. Smith
3 Ring Circus	director	Joseph Pevney
A Private Matter	director	Joan Micklin Silver
Fifty–Fifty	director	Nick Copus
Americanizing Shelley	director	Lorraine Senna
Oliver Twist (1922 film)	director	Frank Lloyd
Josh and the Big Wall!	director	Phil Vischer
A Jihad for Love	director	Parvez Sharma
Rescue 8	director	William Witney
Raaz (2002 film)	director	Vikram Bhatt
April Captains	director	Maria de Medeiros
The Fuzzy Pink Nightgown	director	Norman Taurog
Tomei Ningen	director	Motoyoshi Oda
Red Shadow (2001 film)	director	Hiroyuki Nakano
Guys and Dolls (film)	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Hercules and the Tyrants of Babylon	director	Domenico Paolella
The Haunted Palace	director	Roger Corman
Killers (2003 film)	director	Kazuhiro Kiuchi
Killers (2003 film)	director	Shundo Ohkawa
Killers (2003 film)	director	Takanori Tsujimoto
Killers (2003 film)	director	Shuji Kawata
Killers (2003 film)	director	Mamoru Oshii
Finders Keepers (1966 film)	director	Sidney Hayers
Rescue from Gilligan's Island	director	Leslie H. Martinson
The Death Disc: A Story of the Cromwellian Period	director	D. W. Griffith
The All Together	director	Gavin Claxton
The Lost Jungle	director	David Howard (director)
The Lost Jungle	director	Armand Schaefer
Sankranthi (film)	director	Muppalaneni Siva
Beer and Pretzels	director	Jack Cummings (director)
When Boys Fly	director	Stewart Halpern
When Boys Fly	director	Lenid Rolov
Voyage of the Unicorn	director	Philip Spink
Private School (film)	director	Noel Black
Space Men	director	Antonio Margheriti
Ajnabee (film)	director	Abbas-Mustan
Can-Can (film)	director	Walter Lang
You Again?	director	Peter Bonerz
You Again?	director	Bill Foster (director)
You Again?	director	Gerren Keith
You Again?	director	Jerry Paris
Chak De! India	director	Shimit Amin
Satyam (2003 film)	director	Surya Kiran
Eternally Yours (film)	director	Tay Garnett
Our Song (film)	director	Jim McKay (director)
The Bite	director	Kan Mukai
You're Never Too Young	director	Norman Taurog
Artists and Models	director	Frank Tashlin
Super Speedway	director	Stephen Low
18000 Dead in Gordon Head	director	Clive Holden
...More Than 1000 Words	director	Solo Avital
The Ketchup Effect	director	Teresa Fabik
The Ex-Factor	director	Michael Fresco
Futurama: Bender's Big Score	director	Dwayne Carey-Hill
The Survivor (film)	director	David Hemmings
Saga of a Star World	director	Richard A. Colla
Saga of a Star World	director	Alan J. Levi
The Purple Dress	director	Martin Justice
Across the River to Motor City	director	Michael DeCarlo
Lights of New York (1916 film)	director	Van Dyke Brooke
The Paleface (1922 film)	director	Buster Keaton
The $1,000,000 Reward	director	George Lessey
Tachiguishi-Retsuden	director	Mamoru Oshii
Tachiguishi-Retsuden	director	Toshihiko Nishikubo
The End of Innocence	director	Dyan Cannon
Stir Crazy (TV series)	director	Peter H. Hunt
Stir Crazy (TV series)	director	Christian I. Nyby II
The Lookout	director	Scott Frank
Good Morning, Miss Dove	director	Henry Koster
Ang Pamana: The Inheritance	director	Romeo Candido
La Souriante Madame Beudet	director	Germaine Dulac
TV's Bloopers & Practical Jokes	director	Bill Davis
TV's Bloopers & Practical Jokes	director	Bryan Michael Stoller
The iDol (film)	director	Norman England (director)
Rien que les heures	director	Alberto Cavalcanti
La Villa Santo-Sospir	director	Jean Cocteau
'Orrible	director	Dominic Brigstocke
The Adventures of Superboy (TV series)	director	George Blair
Bon Voyage (2003 film)	director	Jean-Paul Rappeneau
Rock-A-Bye Baby (film)	director	Frank Tashlin
The High Sign	director	Edward F. Cline
The High Sign	director	Buster Keaton
LarryBoy and the Bad Apple	director	Tim Hodge
The Southerner (film)	director	Jean Renoir
The Lower Depths (1936 film)	director	Jean Renoir
Beautiful Ohio (film)	director	Chad Lowe
Riffraff (1947 film)	director	Ted Tetzlaff
Superman (TV series)	director	Cosmo Anzilotti
Superman (TV series)	director	Bill Hutten
Superman (TV series)	director	Tony Love
Under Two Flags (1936 film)	director	Frank Lloyd
The Geisha Boy	director	Frank Tashlin
Don't Give Up the Ship (film)	director	Norman Taurog
The Woman Who Willed a Miracle	director	Sharron Miller
Cocaine Cowboys	director	Billy Corben
Nammal	director	Kamal (director)
Beau Brummell (film)	director	Curtis Bernhardt
Paap	director	Pooja Bhatt
Chennai Kadhal	director	Vikraman
Vanathai Pola	director	Vikraman
Pachaikili Muthucharam	director	Gautham Menon
Colonel Wolodyjowski (film)	director	Jerzy Hoffman
June R	director	Revathy s Varmha
The Finder (Australian TV series)	director	Scott Hicks
The Finder (Australian TV series)	director	Andrew Ellis
The Finder (Australian TV series)	director	Peter Lindon
Suyamvaram	director	P. Vasu
Suyamvaram	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Suyamvaram	director	Sundar C.
Suyamvaram	director	Arjun Sarja
Suyamvaram	director	Selva (director)
Visit to a Small Planet	director	Norman Taurog
Monty Python & the Holy Grail in Lego	director	Tim Drage
Monty Python & the Holy Grail in Lego	director	Tony Mines
The Wonderland Tour 2005	director	Universal Music Group
Sweet Land	director	Ali Selim
The Ladies Man (2000 film)	director	Reginald Hudlin
Bordertown Café	director	Norma Bailey
Macho Dancer	director	Lino Brocka
The Errand Boy	director	Jerry Lewis
It's Only Money	director	Frank Tashlin
Tamas (film)	director	Govind Nihalani
Gideon: Tuba Warrior	director	Tim Hodge
Gideon: Tuba Warrior	director	Brian K. Roberts
Mermaids (2003 film)	director	Ian Barry
Claire (film)	director	Milford Thomas
The Fastest Gun Alive	director	Russell Rouse
Rembrandt (film)	director	Alexander Korda
Rack, Shack, and Benny	director	Phil Vischer
Rack, Shack, and Benny	director	Mike Nawrocki
Km. 0	director	Yolanda García Serrano
Km. 0	director	Juan Luis Iborra
The Trail Beyond	director	Robert N. Bradbury
Who's Minding the Store?	director	Frank Tashlin
Bootleg (TV serial)	director	Ian Gilmour, Baron Gilmour of Craigmillar
Lone Star (1952 film)	director	Vincent Sherman
The Patsy (1964 film)	director	Jerry Lewis
7 Tage, 7 Köpfe	director	Dieter Zeihner
Myra Breckinridge (film)	director	Mike Sarne
Persistence of Vision (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	James L. Conway
Tattoo (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Alexander Singer
Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice (TV series)	director	Rick Edelstein
Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice (TV series)	director	Leo Penn
Dhill	director	S. Dharani
Rickshawkaran	director	Kalamandalam Krishnan Nair
The New Adventures of Perry Mason	director	Michael O'Herlihy
The New Adventures of Perry Mason	director	E.W. Swackhamer
Cradle Song (1981 film)	director	Sharron Miller
The Disorderly Orderly	director	Frank Tashlin
Deportee	director	Sharron Miller
Anna and the King (TV series)	director	Lee Philips (actor)
The Black Knight (film)	director	Tay Garnett
Moe and the Big Exit	director	Brian K. Roberts
Nichols (TV series)	director	John Badham
Nichols (TV series)	director	Paul Bogart
Nichols (TV series)	director	Ivan Dixon
Nichols (TV series)	director	Jeremy Kagan
Nichols (TV series)	director	Gerd Oswald
Nichols (TV series)	director	Frank Pierson
Nichols (TV series)	director	Peter Tewksbury
A Big Hand for the Little Lady	director	Fielder Cook
Xala	director	Ousmane Sembène
Moolaadé	director	Ousmane Sembène
Twelve Months (1980 film)	director	Kimio Yabuki
The Boys Next Door (1985 film)	director	Penelope Spheeris
The Blossoming of Maximo Oliveros	director	Auraeus Solito
Trapped in Paradise	director	George Gallo
Sweetheart, I Have to Confess	director	David Grossman (director)
Wee Sing in Sillyville	director	David Poulshock
Keroro Gunsō the Super Movie	director	Yusuke Yamamoto
Circuit (film)	director	Dirk Shafer
Larry-Boy! And the Fib from Outer Space!	director	Phil Vischer
Flying Phantom Ship	director	Hiroshi Ikeda
Larry-Boy and the Rumor Weed	director	Phil Vischer
Fuori Dal Mondo	director	Giuseppe Piccioni
Don't Look Back (1996 film)	director	Geoff Murphy
Savannah Smiles	director	Pierre De Moro
Marina (Philippine TV series)	director	Wenn V. Deramas
Thodarum	director	Ramesh Khanna
Unnidathil Ennai Koduthen	director	Vikraman
Kadhal Kottai	director	Agathiyan
Paasamalargal	director	Suresh Menon
Amaravathi (1993 film)	director	Selva (director)
Cage Without a Key	director	Buzz Kulik
Tagged: The Jonathan Wamback Story	director	John L'Ecuyer
The Chicago Teddy Bears	director	Norman Tokar
The Chicago Teddy Bears	director	Leslie H. Martinson
The D.A. (1971 TV series)	director	Harry Harris (director)
The D.A. (1971 TV series)	director	Paul Krasny
The D.A. (1971 TV series)	director	Harry Morgan
The D.A. (1971 TV series)	director	Ozzie Nelson
The D.A. (1971 TV series)	director	Alex Nicol
The D.A. (1971 TV series)	director	Boris Sagal
The D.A. (1971 TV series)	director	Jack Webb
O'Hara, U.S. Treasury	director	Lawrence Dobkin
O'Hara, U.S. Treasury	director	Daniel Haller
O'Hara, U.S. Treasury	director	Paul Krasny
Simon of the Desert	director	Luis Buñuel
Soup for One (film)	director	Jonathan Kaufer
Out of the Blue (2006 film)	director	Robert Sarkies
The Planet	director	Johan Söderberg
The Planet	director	Michael Stenberg
The Planet	director	Linus Torell
La Fièvre Monte à El Pao	director	Luis Buñuel
Death in the Garden	director	Luis Buñuel
The Derby Stallion	director	Craig Clyde
Spaceman (film)	director	Scott Dikkers
Deal (2008 film)	director	Gil Cates Jr
Kamillions	director	Mike B. Anderson
Gladiator (1992 film)	director	Rowdy Herrington
In the Realms of the Unreal	director	Jessica Yu
Charley's (Big-Hearted) Aunt	director	Walter Forde
Three on a Couch	director	Jerry Lewis
Way...Way Out	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Imperfection	director	David Livingston
The Big Mouth	director	Jerry Lewis
Gay Witch Hunt	director	Ken Kwapis
Sorry, Haters	director	Jeff Stanzler
David Copperfield (1969 film)	director	Delbert Mann
Ice Diaries	director	Wei Ling Chang
Ice Diaries	director	Anna Park
Black Rage (film)	director	Chris Robinson (director)
Manga Latina: Killer on the Loose	director	Henrique Vera Villanueva
In Another Life (The Outer Limits)	director	Allan Eastman
Glitch (The Outer Limits)	director	Michael Rohl
Outside Providence (film)	director	Michael Corrente
G3: Live in Denver	director	A. Karim Karmi
Dil Apna Punjabi	director	Manmohan Singh (director)
Periyanna	director	S.A. Chandrasekar
Nightwatch (1994 film)	director	Ole Bornedal
Poovellam Kettuppar	director	Vasanth
Unnai Ninaithu	director	Vikraman
Kaadhal Mannan	director	Saran (director)
Aasai	director	Vasanth
Dheena	director	A. R. Murugadoss
Rehnaa Hai Terre Dil Mein	director	Gautham Menon
The Rise and Rise of Michael Rimmer	director	Kevin Billington
The Scarecrow (1982 film)	director	Sam Pillsbury
The Idolmaker	director	Taylor Hackford
Nightmare in the Sun	director	John Derek
Nightmare in the Sun	director	Marc Lawrence
Jolson Sings Again	director	Henry Levin
In the Zone (The Outer Limits)	director	Jorge Montesi
Relativity Theory (The Outer Limits)	director	Ken Girotti
Josh (The Outer Limits)	director	Jorge Montesi
No Limit (2006 film)	director	Brian O'Hare
No Limit (2006 film)	director	Timothy Rhys
Which Way to the Front?	director	Jerry Lewis
Bar Girls	director	Marita Giovanni
Ruri no Shima	director	Inomata Ryuuichi
Ruri no Shima	director	Ikeda Kenji
Paris Blues	director	Martin Ritt
Rite of Passage (The Outer Limits)	director	Jimmy Kaufman
Glyphic (The Outer Limits)	director	Catherine O'Hara
Blood Orgy of the Leather Girls	director	Meredith Lucas
Parinda	director	Vidhu Vinod Chopra
La Notte	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo	director	Ben Jones (Canadian cartoonist)
Becoming (The 4400)	director	David Straiton
Mad Cowgirl	director	Gregory Hatanaka
Mutual Appreciation	director	Andrew Bujalski
Cracking Up (film)	director	Jerry Lewis
Bavagaru Bagunnara?	director	Jayanth C. Paranjee
Don't Cry, It's Only Thunder	director	Peter Werner
Adventures of Mowgli	director	Roman Davydov
Aashiq Awara	director	Umesh Mehra
The Adventures of Huck Finn (1993 film)	director	Stephen Sommers
The Hound of the Baskervilles (2002 film)	director	David Attwood
Dave and the Giant Pickle	director	Phil Vischer
Jee Aayan Nu	director	Manmohan Singh
The Lovers (film)	director	Louis Malle
The Seventh Coin	director	Dror Soref
Dice (TV miniseries)	director	Rachel Talalay
Office Romance	director	Eldar Ryazanov
King's Game	director	Nikolaj Arcel
Trial By Fire (The 4400)	director	Nick Gomez
Man Push Cart	director	Ramin Bahrani
Where Is the Friend's Home?	director	Abbas Kiarostami
This Girl's Life	director	Ashley Baron Cohen
Rock Goes to College	director	John Burrowes
Choodalani Vundi	director	Gunasekhar
Vasantham	director	Vikraman
Nuvvu Naaku Nachav	director	K. Vijaya Bhaskar
Right at Your Door	director	Chris Gorak
The Water Babies (film)	director	Lionel Jeffries
Boys Do Cry	director	Brian Iles
It Takes a Village Idiot, and I Married One	director	Zac Moncrief
Blind Side	director	Geoff Murphy
White Light (The 4400)	director	Tim Hunter (director)
He-Man and She-Ra: A Christmas Special	director	Bill Reed
Attentato ai tre grandi	director	Umberto Lenzi
The King and I (1999 film)	director	Richard Rich (director)
Sidekicks (1974 film)	director	Burt Kennedy
The Good Night	director	Jake Paltrow
Prophet Motive	director	René Auberjonois (actor)
Tales from Pleasure Beach	director	Edmund Coulthard
Images of the Last Battalion	director	Koichi Kishita
Old Joy	director	Kelly Reichardt
The Reluctant Saint	director	Edward Dmytryk
Paradise Canyon	director	Carl Pierson
Hard Luck (1921 film)	director	Edward F. Cline
Hard Luck (1921 film)	director	Buster Keaton
The Scarecrow (1920 film)	director	Edward F. Cline
The Scarecrow (1920 film)	director	Buster Keaton
Kattradhu Thamizh	director	Ram (director)
The Man Who Played God	director	John G. Adolfi
Funny Bones	director	Peter Chelsom
Par Où T'es Rentré? On T'a Pas Vu Sortir	director	Philippe Clair
A Private Function	director	Malcolm Mowbray
Andy Warhol: A Documentary Film	director	Ric Burns
Spooked (film)	director	Geoff Murphy
Through the Olive Trees	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Cento giorni a Palermo	director	Giuseppe Ferrara
Cento giorni a Palermo	director	Giuseppe Tornatore
Accession (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Les Landau
Vargam	director	M. Padmakumar
Warhead (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	John T. Kretchmer
The Bermuda Depths	director	Tom Kotani
Dallas 362	director	Scott Caan
An Encounter with Faces	director	Vidhu Vinod Chopra
Starship Troopers 3: Marauder	director	Edward Neumeier
A Little Bit of Fluff	director	Wheeler Dryden
Wake Up Call (The 4400)	director	Leslie Libman
Horses' Collars	director	Clyde Bruckman
Inkheart (film)	director	Iain Softley
Rapture (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Jonathan West
The Begotten	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
For the Uniform	director	Victor Lobl
Ties of Blood and Water	director	Avery Brooks
Blaze of Glory (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Kim Friedman
A Time to Stand	director	Allan Kroeker
Behind the Lines (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	LeVar Burton
Sons and Daughters (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
Favor the Bold	director	Winrich Kolbe
One Little Ship	director	Allan Kroeker
Unheimliche Geschichten	director	Richard Oswald
Year of Hell	director	Allan Kroeker
Year of Hell	director	Mike Vejar
Vie et Passion du Christ	director	Lucien Nonguet
Vie et Passion du Christ	director	Ferdinand Zecca
Please Don't Eat the Daisies (film)	director	Charles Walters
Zero Tolerance (1999 film)	director	Anders Nilsson
Bardelys the Magnificent	director	King Vidor
The Drop Kick	director	Millard Webb
Jimmy and Judy	director	Randall Rubin
Jimmy and Judy	director	Jon Schroder
Kareeb	director	Vidhu Vinod Chopra
Jesus Camp	director	Rachel Grady
Aacharya	director	Ravi (music director)
Nenjil Jil Jil	director	Selva (director)
They Were Not Divided	director	Terence Young (director)
Aanai	director	Selva (director)
Aahaa Ethanai Azhagu	director	Kanmani
Mother Machree	director	John Ford
Radio On	director	Chris Petit
Sherman's Way	director	Craig Saavedra
The Aftermath (The O.C.)	director	Doug Liman
Four Sons	director	John Ford
Your Friends & Neighbors	director	Neil LaBute
Joe Gould's Secret (film)	director	Stanley Tucci
Sigappu Rojakkal	director	P. Bharathiraja
Captivity (film)	director	Roland Joffé
The Hunters (1958 film)	director	Dick Powell
The Dearly Beloved	director	Ian Toynton
Bang (film)	director	Ashley Baron Cohen
Identity Crisis (The Outer Limits)	director	Brad Turner (director)
Fear Itself (The Outer Limits)	director	James Head
La Intrusa (Mexican telenovela)	director	Patricia Reyes Spíndola
The Shrine of Ultimate Bliss	director	Huang Feng
The Emperor's Secret	director	Riina Hyytiä
My Country, My Country	director	Laura Poitras
Maneuvers (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Resistance (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Prototype (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Jonathan Frakes
The Trial (1993 film)	director	David Hugh Jones
Drivers Wanted	director	T. Lee Beideck
Dirty War (film)	director	Daniel Percival (Director)
Sugar and Spice (film)	director	Isamu Nakae
Furrows (film)	director	José Antonio Nieves Conde
The Taste of Others	director	Agnès Jaoui
Smashing Time	director	Desmond Davis
Species – The Awakening	director	Nick Lyon
Twin Towers (film)	director	Bill Guttentag
Twin Towers (film)	director	Robert David Port
The Old Maid (1939 film)	director	Edmund Goulding
The Miracle of Marcelino	director	Ladislao Vajda
The Return (2006 film)	director	Asif Kapadia
Driftwood (film)	director	Tim Sullivan (director)
Sister, Sister (1987 film)	director	Bill Condon
The Ultimate Silly Song Countdown	director	Tom Bancroft (animator)
The Ultimate Silly Song Countdown	director	Mike Nawrocki
Mihai Viteazul (film)	director	Sergiu Nicolaescu
Black Irish (film)	director	Brad Gann
Newsfront	director	Phillip Noyce
Bunny Chow (film)	director	John Barker (director)
Tum Bin	director	Anubhav Sinha
Voor een paar knikkers meer	director	Jelmar Hufen
Let's Make Love	director	George Cukor
Coming Up Roses	director	Stephen Bayly
Payment on Demand	director	Curtis Bernhardt
Fanfan la Tulipe	director	Christian-Jaque
Thr3e (film)	director	Robby Henson
The Graduates	director	Ian Toynton
Voices Carry (The 4400)	director	Vincent Misiano
The Garbage Picking Field Goal Kicking Philadelphia Phenomenon	director	Tim Kelleher
The Seven Ravens (film)	director	Ferdinand Diehl
The Seven Ravens (film)	director	Hermann Diehl
Todd Strikes Out / The Jerky Girls	director	Heather Martinez
Malaya (film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Bicho de Sete Cabeças	director	Laís Bodanzky
Thilakkam	director	Jayaraj
King of the Ant Hill	director	John Rice (director)
Heat (1972 film)	director	Paul Morrissey
Hilloween	director	John Rice (director)
The Sisters (2005 film)	director	Arthur Allan Seidelman
Days of Glory (1944 film)	director	Jacques Tourneur
Funny Farm (film)	director	George Roy Hill
The Rake's Progress (film)	director	Sidney Gilliat
Household Saints	director	Nancy Savoca
Getting Away with Murder (1996 film)	director	Harvey Miller
Madame Bovary (1949 film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Weight of the World (The 4400)	director	Oz Scott
The Forgotten (1973 film)	director	S. F. Brownrigg
Pennies from Heaven (1981 film)	director	Herbert Ross
Yahudi	director	Bimal Roy
Wodaabe – Herdsmen of the Sun	director	Werner Herzog
At Sachem Farm	director	John Huddles
Suffer the Children (The 4400)	director	Vincent Misiano
Nemesis (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Alexander Singer
The Mysteries of Pittsburgh (film)	director	Rawson Marshall Thurber
Piya Ka Ghar	director	Basu Chatterjee
The End of Violence	director	Wim Wenders
Bella (film)	director	Alejandro Gomez Monteverde
Man of the Year (1995 film)	director	Dirk Shafer
Kickin' It Old Skool	director	Harvey Glazer
Antony and Cleopatra (1972 film)	director	Charlton Heston
A Cantor's Tale	director	Erik Greenberg Anjou
The Young Lieutenant	director	Xavier Beauvois
Big Girls Don't Cry... They Get Even	director	Joan Micklin Silver
Amy and Amiability	director	Mandie Fletcher
Duel and Duality	director	Mandie Fletcher
Lupo the Butcher	director	Danny Antonucci
It Started with a Kiss (film)	director	George Marshall (director)
Love and Other Disasters	director	Alek Keshishian
Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss	director	Tommy O'Haver
Watching the Detectives (film)	director	Paul Soter
Hell on Wheels (2004 film)	director	Pepe Danquart
Molly & Mobarak	director	Tom Zubrycki
As Fate Would Have It	director	Nick Gomez
The Convention (The Office)	director	Ken Whittingham
Just Yell Fire	director	Takafumi Uehara
Quebec (1951 film)	director	George Templeton
Watch My Lips	director	Robin Bextor
Bobobobs	director	Tim Reid
Side Streets	director	Tony Gerber
In the Year of the Pig	director	Emile de Antonio
The Cool Surface	director	Erik Anjou
The Martian Chronicles (TV miniseries)	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Bertie and Elizabeth	director	Giles Foster
The Stupids (film)	director	John Landis
The Vanishing Prairie	director	James Algar
The Sheepman	director	George Marshall (director)
Ace of Cakes	director	Matthew Carr
The Rounders (1965 film)	director	Burt Kennedy
Hot Rod (film)	director	Akiva Schaffer
Hand to God (Arrested Development)	director	Russo brothers
National Velvet (TV series)	director	Abner Biberman
Zielen Van Napels	director	Vincent Monnikendam
It Is Fine! Everything Is Fine.	director	Crispin Glover
It Is Fine! Everything Is Fine.	director	David Brothers
The Thing Called Love	director	Peter Bogdanovich
The Black Cat (Masters of Horror)	director	Stuart Gordon
Sleeping Car to Trieste	director	John Paddy Carstairs
The Nightmare Room: Scareful What You Wish For	director	Anson Williams
30 Days of Night (film)	director	David Slade
Iron Eagle II	director	Sidney J. Furie
Love Among Thieves	director	Roger Young (director)
Dutch in Seven Lessons	director	Charles Huguenot van der Linden
Dutch in Seven Lessons	director	Heinz Josephson
Wild Side (1995 film)	director	Donald Cammell
Monte Carlo Baby	director	Jean Boyer
Monte Carlo Baby	director	Lester Fuller
Laughter in Paradise	director	Mario Zampi
One Wild Oat	director	Charles Saunders (director)
One Wild Oat	director	Jack Buchanan
Young Wives' Tale	director	Henry Cass
The Secret People (film)	director	Thorold Dickinson
A New Kind of Love	director	Melville Shavelson
One Missed Call 2	director	Renpei Tsukamoto
The Tall Men (film)	director	Raoul Walsh
Museum of Arts & Design	director	Holly Hotchner
Never Let Me Go (1953 film)	director	Delmer Daves
Es geschah am hellichten Tag	director	Ladislao Vajda
A Walk in the Spring Rain	director	Guy Green (filmmaker)
The Prime Minister (film)	director	Thorold Dickinson
Kodiak (TV series)	director	William Witney
The Loves of Madame Dubarry	director	Marcel Varnel
Natural Law (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Terry Windell
Gunda (film)	director	Kanti Shah
The Deep End (film)	director	Scott McGehee
The Deep End (film)	director	David Siegel
Common Threads: Stories from the Quilt	director	Rob Epstein
Common Threads: Stories from the Quilt	director	Jeffrey Friedman (filmmaker)
The Scarlet Letter (1973 film)	director	Wim Wenders
Let's Talk About Sex (film)	director	Troy Beyer
Episode Five (The Office, Series Two)	director	Ricky Gervais
Episode Five (The Office, Series Two)	director	Stephen Merchant
Episode Six (The Office, Series Two)	director	Ricky Gervais
Episode Six (The Office, Series Two)	director	Stephen Merchant
The Office Christmas specials	director	Ricky Gervais
The Office Christmas specials	director	Stephen Merchant
The Office Christmas specials  Christmas Special Part 2   1	director	Ricky Gervais
The Office Christmas specials  Christmas Special Part 2   1	director	Stephen Merchant
Cane and Able	director	Daniel Sackheim
The Glass Mountain (film)	director	Edoardo Anton
The Glass Mountain (film)	director	Henry Cass
Landspeed: CKY	director	Bam Margera
The World's Greatest Athlete	director	Robert Scheerer
The Visitor (1979 film)	director	Giulio Paradisi
Unhook the Stars	director	Nick Cassavetes
The Other Sister	director	Garry Marshall
Prema Tarangalu	director	S. P. Chitti Babu
The Joining (The Outer Limits)	director	Brad Turner (director)
Yamakinkarudu	director	Raj Bharat
To Tell the Truth (The Outer Limits)	director	Neil Fearnley
Iddaru Mitrulu (1999 film)	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
The One After Vegas	director	Kevin Bright
Naram Garam	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Fireworks (1947 film)	director	Kenneth Anger
Don't Just Lie There, Say Something!	director	Bob Kellett
Indian Institute of Technology Madras	director	M. S. Ananth
The Other Boleyn Girl (2008 film)	director	Justin Chadwick
Khatarnak	director	Amma Rajasekhar
Eeshwar (2002 film)	director	Jayanth C. Paranjee
Final Exam (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
Kshatriya (film)	director	J. P. Dutta
The Two Mrs. Carrolls	director	Peter Godfrey (director)
Stumble	director	Prakash Belawadi
Lancelot and Guinevere	director	Cornel Wilde
The Gray Nun of Belgium	director	Francis Gary Powers
Boys in the Sand	director	Wakefield Poole
Finishing the Game	director	Justin Lin
Brotherhood of Justice	director	Charles Braverman
Tarzan in Manhattan	director	Michael Schultz
Die grosse Liebe	director	Rolf Hansen (director)
Audioslave (DVD)	director	Meiert Avis
Audioslave (DVD)	director	Mark Romanek
Esther... The Girl Who Became Queen	director	Mike Nawrocki
Burlesk King	director	Mel Chionglo
Sibak: Midnight Dancers	director	Mel Chionglo
Heimkehr	director	Gustav Ucicky
Random Thoughts (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Alexander Singer
Marlowe (film)	director	Paul Bogart
Where's God When I'm S-Scared?	director	Phil Vischer
Wort und Tat	director	Fritz Hippler
Are You My Neighbor?	director	Phil Vischer
Monster (The Outer Limits)	director	Allan Eastman
Nightmare (1998 The Outer Limits)	director	James Head
Laura (1979 film)	director	David Hamilton (photographer)
Fun Bar Karaoke	director	Pen-Ek Ratanaruang
A Stranger in Town	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
And God Created Woman (1988 film)	director	Roger Vadim
I'll Be Seeing You (1944 film)	director	William Dieterle
Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush (film)	director	Clive Donner
Battlefield Earth (film)	director	Roger Christian (filmmaker)
Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings	director	Motomu Toriyama
Androcles and the Lion (film)	director	Chester Erskine
Androcles and the Lion (film)	director	Nicholas Ray
Born Yesterday (1993 film)	director	Luis Mandoki
Meaning (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
Pilot (Ugly Betty)	director	Richard Shepard
Emotional Arithmetic	director	Paolo Barzman
The Gladiators (film)	director	Peter Watkins
War Hunt	director	Denis Sanders
Shatruvu	director	Kodi Ramakrishna
Kim (film)	director	Victor Saville
Elmer Gantry (film)	director	Richard Brooks
On the Riviera	director	Walter Lang
The Killing Floor	director	Gideon Raff
The Iron Horse (TV series)	director	László Benedek
The Iron Horse (TV series)	director	Samuel Fuller
The Iron Horse (TV series)	director	Jesse Hibbs
The Iron Horse (TV series)	director	Herbert Hirschman
The Iron Horse (TV series)	director	Gene Nelson
The Iron Horse (TV series)	director	Leo Penn
The Guns of Navarone (film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
Late Summer Blues	director	Renen Schorr
The Grinch Grinches the Cat in the Hat	director	Bill Perez
The Teenage Textbook Movie	director	Phillip Lim
School for Scoundrels (2006 film)	director	Todd Phillips
The New Shmoo	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Slapstick (The Wire)	director	Alex Zakrzewski
Reformation (The Wire)	director	Christine Moore
Middle Ground (The Wire)	director	Joe Chappelle
Mission Accomplished (The Wire)	director	Ernest Dickerson
Black and White in Color	director	Jean-Jacques Annaud
University of Colombo School of Computing	director	Gihan Wikramanayake
Ghostwood	director	Justin O'Brien
Boys of Summer (The Wire)	director	Joe Chappelle
The Boy with a Thorn in His Side	director	Mark Jeavons
Ariel (film)	director	Aki Kaurismäki
Les Girls	director	George Cukor
Swag (Ugly Betty)	director	Tamra Davis
The Brides of Fu Manchu	director	Don Sharp
All Souls' Day (film)	director	Tadeusz Konwicki
The Dark Wind	director	Errol Morris
Knockabout (film)	director	Sammo Hung
Johnny Appleseed (film)	director	Wilfred Jackson
Twin Falls Idaho (film)	director	The Polish brothers
Matir Moina	director	Tareque Masud
Méphisto (1930 film)	director	Henri Debain
Méphisto (1930 film)	director	Georges Vinter
Mephisto (1981 film)	director	István Szabó
John en Shirley	director	Bert de Leon
Finding North	director	Tanya Wexler
Gray Matters	director	Sue Kramer
Chain Camera (film)	director	Kirby Dick
Cadillac Man	director	Roger Donaldson
The Tender Trap (film)	director	Charles Walters
They Came to Cordura	director	Robert Rossen
Johnny Concho (1956 film)	director	Don McGuire
Four Horsemen (Jericho episode)	director	Jon Turteltaub
Sami swoi	director	Sylwester Chęciński
Love Affair (1994 film)	director	Glenn Gordon Caron
The New Andy Griffith Show	director	Lee Philips (actor)
Kill the Moonlight (film)	director	Steve Hanft
The Coup (The Office)	director	Greg Daniels
The Super Cops	director	Gordon Parks
Pusong Mamon	director	Joel Lamangan
Rage (1972 film)	director	George C. Scott
Lawless Range	director	Robert N. Bradbury
Storm Riders (1982 film)	director	Jack McCoy (film director)
Roadside Prophets	director	Abbe Wool
King George and the Ducky	director	Mike Nawrocki
Super Noypi	director	Quark Henares
Madame Blueberry	director	Mike Nawrocki
My Architect	director	Nathaniel Kahn
Little Terrorist	director	Ashvin Kumar
Three O'Clock (film)	director	Glen Chua
The Ister (film)	director	Daniel Ross (Australian philosopher and filmmaker)
A Coach for Cinderella	director	Max Fleischer
If You Go Down in the Woods Today	director	Eric Sykes
Ernest Goes to Africa	director	John R. Cherry III
Live Forever: The Rise and Fall of Brit Pop	director	John Dower (filmmaker)
Humpty Dumpty (House)	director	Dan Attias
Power Play (1978 film)	director	Martyn Burke
El Benny	director	Jorge Luis Sánchez
Still Life (2006 film)	director	Jia Zhangke
06/05	director	Theo van Gogh (film director)
Wanda (film)	director	Barbara Loden
Junk Mail (film)	director	Pål Sletaune
Minor Mishaps	director	Annette K. Olesen
Yurei Otoko	director	Motoyoshi Oda
Hangman's House	director	John Ford
8 Guys	director	Dane Cook
Ringmaster (film)	director	Neil Abramson
My Half-Acre	director	Linda Mendoza
Her Story II	director	Chris Koch
Promises! Promises!	director	King Donovan
The Marriage-Go-Round    1	director	Walter Lang
Go Now	director	Michael Winterbottom
My Buddy's Booty	director	Randall Winston
My Bright Idea	director	Michael Spiller
My Chopped Liver	director	Will Mackenzie
His Story III	director	John Inwood
The Pride and the Passion	director	Stanley Kramer
Tak and the Power of Juju (TV series)	director	Mark Risley
Hello, Dolly! (film)	director	Gene Kelly
Like It Is	director	Paul Oremland
Fools' Parade	director	Andrew McLaglen
High School Stories	director	Danielle Berger
High School Stories	director	Matthew Blaine
John En Marsha	director	Ading Fernando
War of the Colossal Beast	director	Bert I. Gordon
The Little Hut	director	Mark Robson
Maxime, McDuff & McDo	director	Magnus Isacsson
Like Minds	director	Gregory J. Read
Four Eyed Monsters	director	Susan Buice
Four Eyed Monsters	director	Arin Crumley
On Our Own Land	director	France Štiglic
Central Institute of Medicinal and Aromatic Plants	director	Ram Rajasekharan
Perfume: The Story of a Murderer (film)	director	Tom Tykwer
Jedara Bale	director	Dorai-Bhagavan
Sri Anjaneyam	director	Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi
John Paul Jones (film)	director	John Farrow
2001 Maniacs	director	Tim Sullivan (director)
Love, Life and Laughter (1923 film)	director	George Pearson (filmmaker)
Larva (film)	director	Tim Cox
Nothing Else Matters (film)	director	George Pearson (filmmaker)
Algol (film)	director	Hans Werckmeister
Elmer's Adventure: My Father's Dragon	director	Masami Hata
Instant Justice	director	Craig T. Rumar
TB or Not TB	director	Peter O'Fallon
In the Navy (film)	director	Arthur Lubin
Pick Your Brain	director	Richard S. Kline
Bride of Boogedy	director	Oz Scott
A Midsummer Night's Dream (1935 film)	director	Max Reinhardt
A Midsummer Night's Dream (1935 film)	director	William Dieterle
Pilot (Vanished)	director	Mimi Leder
Billy's Dad Is a Fudge-Packer	director	Jamie Donahue
The Legend of the Condor Heroes (1983 TV series)	director	Johnnie To
The Legend of the Condor Heroes (1983 TV series)	director	Ching Siu-tung
Gaby (film)	director	Curtis Bernhardt
Matroesjka's	director	Marc Punt
Matroesjka's	director	Guy Goossens
Long Life, Happiness & Prosperity	director	Mina Shum
Central Park West (TV series)	director	Gwen Arner
Central Park West (TV series)	director	Allan Arkush
Central Park West (TV series)	director	James Frawley
Central Park West (TV series)	director	Victoria Hochberg
Central Park West (TV series)	director	Tim Hunter (director)
Central Park West (TV series)	director	Nancy Malone
Central Park West (TV series)	director	Don Scardino
Central Park West (TV series)	director	Tim Van Patten
Caro diario	director	Nanni Moretti
Poltergeist (film)	director	Tobe Hooper
Poltergeist II: The Other Side	director	Brian Gibson (director)
Green Mansions (film)	director	Mel Ferrer
The Story of Three Loves	director	Vincente Minnelli
The Story of Three Loves	director	Gottfried Reinhardt
The Lucky Guy	director	Lee Lik-chi
Virus (1980 film)	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Hey, Stop Stabbing Me!	director	Worm Miller
Magma Head	director	Worm Miller
Silence of the North	director	Allan King
Ala-Arriba! (film)	director	José Leitão de Barros
Under One Roof (film)	director	Todd Wilson (director)
Friends & Family	director	Kristen Coury
Cave Kids	director	Marija Miletic Daïl
Grips, Grunts and Groans	director	Jack White (film producer)
Emmtan-Magan	director	Thirumurugan
A Plumbing We Will Go	director	Del Lord
The Box and the Bunny	director	Sheree Folkson
Angel in My Pocket	director	Alan Rafkin
Niagara, Niagara	director	Bob Gosse
Dust to Glory	director	Dana Brown
Abbott and Costello Go to Mars	director	Charles Lamont
Kabuliwala (1957 film)	director	Tapan Sinha
Informed Consent (House)	director	Laura Innes
Ungu Violet	director	Rako Prijanto
Very Silly Songs!	director	Mike Nawrocki
Very Silly Songs!	director	Chris Olsen (director)
Misery (film)	director	Rob Reiner
Miss Sadie Thompson	director	Curtis Bernhardt
Train of Life	director	Radu Mihăileanu
Boss, I Love You	director	V.N. Aditya
Soft Eyes	director	Christine Moore
A Tale of Two Cities (1958 film)	director	Ralph Thomas
New Wave Hookers	director	Gregory Dark
Narendran Makan Jayakanthan Vaka	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Parthen Rasithen	director	Saran (director)
The Swimmer (film)	director	Frank Perry
The Swimmer (film)	director	Sydney Pollack
Tonight at Noon	director	Michael Almereyda
A Dog Year	director	George LaVoo
Bagavathi	director	A. Venkatesh (director)
Starting Out in the Evening	director	Andrew Wagner
Aadavari Matalaku Ardhalu Verule	director	Selvaraghavan
One Soldier	director	Steven Wright
Billboard America	director	Dom Portalla
The Dragon Lives Again	director	Law Kei
The Scorpion King 2: Rise of a Warrior	director	Russell Mulcahy
Chhoti Si Baat	director	Basu Chatterjee
Rogue (film)	director	Greg McLean
The Miniver Story	director	H. C. Potter
The Country Girl (1954 film)	director	George Seaton
The End of Silliness?	director	Mike Nawrocki
Devil Doll (film)	director	Lindsay Shonteff
The Movie from the Future	director	Worm Miller
Ssaki	director	Roman Polanski
The New Gulliver	director	Aleksandr Ptushko
The New Gulliver	director	A. Vanichkin
Rapid Fire (2006 film)	director	Kari Skogland
Copkiller	director	Roberto Faenza
The Quick and the Dead (1978 film)	director	Claude Du Boc
Traci Takes Tokyo	director	Tadashi Yoyogi
True Confessions (film)	director	Ulu Grosbard
Taste of Fear	director	Seth Holt
Sunset Park (film)	director	Steve Gomer
Morderstwo	director	Roman Polanski
Rozbijemy zabawę	director	Roman Polanski
Raining Stones	director	Ken Loach
Cyborg Cop	director	Sam Firstenberg
All is Safely Gathered In	director	David Croft (TV producer)
Uśmiech zębiczny	director	Roman Polanski
When Angels Fall	director	Roman Polanski
Brain Versus Brawn	director	David Croft (TV producer)
Round and Round Went the Great Big Wheel	director	David Croft (TV producer)
Jozi-H	director	Anne Wheeler
Jozi-H	director	Kelly Makin
Jozi-H	director	Thabang Moleya
Jozi-H	director	Neal Sundström
Jozi-H	director	Dumisani Phakathai
Jozi-H	director	Revel Fox
Jozi-H	director	Alfons Adetuyi
Jozi-H	director	George Mihalka
Le Gros et le maigre	director	Roman Polanski
On connaît la chanson	director	Alain Resnais
The Real Bruce Lee	director	Jim Markovic
Replica (The Outer Limits)	director	Brad Turner (director)
Arriving Somewhere...	director	Lasse Hoile
I Was a Teenage Frankenstein's Roommate	director	Worm Miller
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street (1936 film)	director	George King (film director)
Baby Bob	director	Robby Benson
Baby Bob	director	John Fortenberry
Baby Bob	director	Rob Schiller
Gamebox 1.0	director	David Hillenbrand
Gamebox 1.0	director	Scott Hillenbrand
Danny Roane: First Time Director	director	Andy Dick
The Silencer (film)	director	Robert Lee (film director)
Built to Kill, Part 1	director	Kenneth Fink
Built to Kill, Part 2	director	Kenneth Fink
Co-Ed Fever	director	Marc Daniels
Promised Land (2002 film)	director	Jason Xenopoulos
Salome (1953 film)	director	William Dieterle
Warlock: The Armageddon	director	Anthony Hickox
Artists and Models (1937 film)	director	Raoul Walsh
King Rikki	director	James Gavin Bedford
Further Instructions	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Every Man for Himself (Lost)	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Unidentified Flying Oddball	director	Russ Mayberry
Jack London (film)	director	Alfred Santell
Hexing a Hurricane	director	Jeremy Campbell (journalist)
Then She Found Me	director	Helen Hunt
Asterix the Gaul (film)	director	Ray Goossens
Death Ship (The Twilight Zone)	director	Don Medford
Hold That Ghost	director	Arthur Lubin
Trollywood (film)	director	Madeleine Farley
Live and Become (film)	director	Radu Mihăileanu
Special Studies Film II	director	Matt Sell
Meatballs 4	director	Bob Logan (film director)
Bruce Lee: A Dragon Story	director	Shih Ti
Deep in My Heart (1954 film)	director	Stanley Donen
Lifted (2006 film)	director	Gary Rydstrom
A Summer in St. Tropez	director	David Hamilton (photographer)
Blonde Crazy	director	Roy Del Ruth
Children Underground	director	Edet Belzberg
Abbott and Costello Meet Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde	director	Charles Lamont
Dil Vil Pyar Vyar	director	Anant Mahadevan
The Appointment	director	Sidney Lumet
Quality Street (1937 film)	director	George Stevens
Beside You in Time	director	Rob Sheridan
Münchhausen (film)	director	Josef von Báky
Vase de Noces	director	Thierry Zéno
Vampyres (film)	director	José Ramón Larraz
Aerial Anarchists	director	Walter R. Booth
Wendigo (film)	director	Larry Fessenden
Fatal Beauty	director	Tom Holland (director)
The Brothers Solomon	director	Bob Odenkirk
Fist of Fear, Touch of Death	director	Matthew Mallinson
Catch a Fire (film)	director	Phillip Noyce
Ella Enchanted (film)	director	Tommy O'Haver
Banjo the Woodpile Cat	director	Don Bluth
The Lost Patrol (1934 film)	director	John Ford
South of the Border with Disney	director	Norman Ferguson
White Lady (film)	director	Jeff Tan
Partie de campagne	director	Jean Renoir
7 Women	director	John Ford
Urbania (film)	director	Jon Shear
No Reason (House)	director	David Shore
Savage Messiah	director	Ken Russell
Jayam (2002 film)	director	Teja (film director)
Star Kid	director	Manny Coto
Falkenberg Farewell	director	Jesper Ganslandt
The Sign of the Cross (film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Fist of Fury II	director	Siu Fung
Who Killed Atlanta's Children?	director	Charles Robert Carner
The Bumblebee Flies Anyway	director	Martin Duffy
Keep 'Em Flying	director	Arthur Lubin
Abbott and Costello Meet the Killer, Boris Karloff	director	Charles Barton
Fist of Fury III	director	Lee Tso Nam
When Billie Beat Bobby	director	Jane Anderson
The Parent Trap II	director	Ronald F. Maxwell
Digby, the Biggest Dog in the World	director	Joseph McGrath (film director)
Sherlock Holmes (1932 film)	director	William K. Howard
Madhouse (1974 film)	director	Jim Clark (film editor)
The Incredible Journey of Mary Bryant	director	Peter Andrikidis
Bruce Lee: The Man, The Myth	director	Ng See-yuen
Ride 'Em Cowboy	director	Arthur Lubin
Rio Rita (1942 film)	director	S. Sylvan Simon
Opal Dream	director	Peter Cattaneo
The Demi-Paradise	director	Anthony Asquith
The Longest Night (film)	director	Jack Smight
Darkness (1993 film)	director	Leif Jonker
Bhoothnath	director	Vivek Sharma
Ladybird, Ladybird (film)	director	Ken Loach
Ruk Jung	director	Haeman Chatemee
Kurt Cobain: About a Son	director	A. J. Schnack
Puppet Master II	director	David W. Allen
Raghavendra (film)	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
The Image of Bruce Lee	director	Yueng Kuen
Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge	director	David DeCoteau
Puppet Master 4	director	Jeff Burr
Puppet Master 5: The Final Chapter	director	Jeff Burr
Curse of the Puppet Master	director	David DeCoteau
The Man in Grey	director	Leslie Arliss
Abyssinia, Henry	director	Larry Gelbart
Retro Puppet Master	director	David DeCoteau
Puppet Master: The Legacy	director	Charles Band
Puppet Master vs Demonic Toys	director	Ted Nicolaou
Daddy's Boy	director	Greg Yaitanes
Pardon My Sarong	director	Erle C. Kenton
Children and Art	director	Wendey Stanzler
Who Done It? (1942 film)	director	Erle C. Kenton
Bienvenue chez les Rozes	director	Francis Palluau
Killing Words	director	Laura Mañá
Washington Heights (film)	director	Alfredo De Villa
Stalk of the Celery Monster	director	Tim Burton
The Island of Doctor Agor	director	Tim Burton
The Life Before Her Eyes	director	Vadim Perelman
Convict 99	director	Marcel Varnel
Night Train to Venice	director	Carlo U. Quinterio
Satan Triumphant	director	Yakov Protazanov
Pyaar Ke Side Effects	director	Saket Chaudhary
Brice de Nice	director	James Huth
Lovely By Surprise	director	Kirt Gunn
Synecdoche, New York	director	Charlie Kaufman
Children of Divorce	director	Frank Lloyd
Children of Divorce	director	Josef von Sternberg
Bruce Lee's Secret	director	Chan Wa
Bruce Lee's Secret	director	William Cheung Ki
The Clones of Bruce Lee	director	Joseph Kong
Sex and Breakfast	director	Miles Brandman
The Glass Ballerina	director	Paul A. Edwards
Jacknife	director	David Hugh Jones
Challenge (1984 film)	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
Lines in the Sand (House)	director	Newton Thomas Sigel
Initiation (The Office)	director	Randall Einhorn
Seetha Kalyanam (1976 film)	director	Bapu
Queens for a Day	director	James Hayman
A Short Film About Killing	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Goodbye to Camelot (Third Watch)	director	Edward Allen Bernero
The Chase (1966 film)	director	Arthur Penn
Stolen Spring (film)	director	Peter Schrøder
Daddy Day Camp	director	Fred Savage
Springtime in a Small Town	director	Tian Zhuangzhuang
The Gay Deceivers	director	Bruce Kessler (director)
Jassi Jaissi Koi Nahin	director	Tony Singh
Jayam Manade Raa	director	Nimmala Shankar
The Way We Get By	director	Aron Gaudet
Mrigaraju	director	Gunasekhar
Swarabhishekam	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
They Came Back	director	Robin Campillo
Deep End (film)	director	Jerzy Skolimowski
Wide Sargasso Sea (1993 film)	director	John Duigan
Maradona by Kusturica	director	Emir Kusturica
The Food of the Gods (film)	director	Bert I. Gordon
Sirf Tum	director	Agathiyan
It's in the Bag!	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Where Love Has Gone (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Walls of Jericho (Jericho episode)	director	Martha Beall Mitchell
Chocolat (1988 film)	director	Claire Denis
Soft and Hard	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Soft and Hard	director	Anne-Marie Miéville
Mana Voori Pandavulu	director	Bapu (artist)
Animal (2005 film)	director	David J. Burke
Manthri Gari Viyyankudu	director	Bapu (artist)
The Rise and Fall of the Great Lakes	director	Bill Mason
Song Without End	director	Charles Vidor
Song Without End	director	George Cukor
Veta	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
Clubland (2007 film)	director	Cherie Nowlan
Chocolate (2001 film)	director	A. Venkatesh (director)
West (film)	director	Daniel Krige
The Record of a Tenement Gentleman	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Neovoxer	director	Michael Pope
Lola (1961 film)	director	Jacques Demy
Keep Cool (film)	director	Zhang Yimou
Hallucination Generation	director	Edward Mann
Windy City Heat	director	Bobcat Goldthwait
The Kiss (1914 film)	director	Ulysses Davis
Forgotten Sins	director	Dick Lowry
The Four Seasons (film)	director	Alan Alda
Life Interrupted	director	Michael W. Watkins
The Penalty (film)	director	Wallace Worsley
Watusi (film)	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
I Think I Love My Wife	director	Chris Rock
Casey of the Coast Guard	director	William Nigh
A Home of Our Own	director	Tony Bill
Angst (2000 film)	director	Daniel Nettheim
Naagarahaavu	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Ohtlikud mängud	director	Veljo Käsper
Asterix films (live)  Astérix & Obélix: Mission Cléopâtre   1	director	Alain Chabat
Hard Ticket to Hawaii	director	Andy Sidaris
Claret School of Quezon City	director	Rev. Fr. Renato Manubag, CMF
Prince of Players	director	Philip Dunne (writer)
Crimen Ferpecto	director	Álex de la Iglesia
Car Babes	director	Nick Fumia
Car Babes	director	Chris Wolf
Young Robin Hood	director	Bernard Freimovitz
Young Robin Hood	director	Peter Sander
Sri Manjunatha	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Care Bears: Oopsy Does It!	director	Davis Doi
Land of Look Behind	director	Alan Greenberg (film director)
Smoking/No Smoking	director	Alain Resnais
Über Goober	director	Steve Metze
Unending	director	Robert C. Cooper
Trick or Treat (1986 film)	director	Charles Martin Smith
Diane (film)	director	David Miller (director)
Carrier (The 4400)	director	Leslie Libman
Submarine Attack	director	Duilio Coletti
A Word to the Wives	director	Norman Lloyd
Gore Vidal: The Man Who Said No	director	Gary Conklin
The Devil's Miner	director	Kief Davidson
The Devil's Miner	director	Richard Ladkani
Mala Noche	director	Gus Van Sant
A Blind Bargain	director	Wallace Worsley
Adam's Apples	director	Anders Thomas Jensen
The Blues (film)	director	Martin Scorsese
The Blues (film)  The Soul of a Man   1	director	Wim Wenders
The Blues (film)  The Road to Memphis   1	director	Richard Pearce (film director)
The Blues (film)  Warming by the Devil's Fire   1	director	Charles Burnett (director)
The Blues (film)  Godfathers and Sons   1	director	Marc Levin
The Blues (film)  Red, White and Blues   1	director	Mike Figgis
The Blues (film)  Piano Blues   1	director	Clint Eastwood
The Making of the Mahatma	director	Shyam Benegal
Speakeasy (1929 film)	director	Benjamin Stoloff
Deliver Us from Evil (2006 film)	director	Amy J. Berg
In-Bad the Sailor	director	Benjamin Stoloff
Kekkon Dekinai Otoko	director	Yoshishige Miyake
Kekkon Dekinai Otoko	director	Takashi Komatsu
Kekkon Dekinai Otoko	director	Hisashi Ueda
Nocna zmiana	director	Michał Balcerzak
The Mudlark	director	Jean Negulesco
Nickel Queen	director	John McCallum
Le Grand Meaulnes (film)	director	Jean-Daniel Verhaeghe
Amazon (1999 TV series)	director	Milan Cheylov
Amazon (1999 TV series)	director	T. W. Peacocke
Sweet Marie	director	Benjamin Stoloff
The Heart Breaker	director	Benjamin Stoloff
The Fighting Tailor	director	Benjamin Stoloff
The Mad Racer	director	Benjamin Stoloff
Matrimony Blues	director	Benjamin Stoloff
Contamination (film)	director	Luigi Cozzi
Ekeines Kai Ego	director	Andreas Morfonios
Fried Green Tomatoes (film)	director	Jon Avnet
Walking Tall (2004 film)	director	Kevin Bray (director)
Snoop Dogg's Hustlaz: Diary of a Pimp	director	Snoop Dogg
The Oxford Murders (film)	director	Álex de la Iglesia
A Battle of Wits (1912 film)	director	Storm Boyd
All for a Girl (1912 film)	director	Frederick A. Thomson
A Sawmill Hazard	director	Kenean Buel
A Desperate Chance	director	Kenean Buel
The Proud and Profane	director	George Seaton
Make Love, Not Warcraft	director	Trey Parker
Model Shop (film)	director	Jacques Demy
Demon Hunter (film)	director	Scott Ziehl
Someone to Watch Over Me (film)	director	Ridley Scott
The Humpbacked Horse (film)	director	Ivan Ivanov-Vano
Swayam Krushi	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Battle Hymn (film)	director	Douglas Sirk
Chantabbai	director	Jandhyala Subramanya Sastry
Anita and Me (film)	director	Metin Hüseyin
Roja Kootam	director	Sasi (director)
The Great Game (1930 film)	director	Jack Raymond
Azhagi	director	Thangar Bachan
Old Acquaintance	director	Vincent Sherman
Rich and Famous (1987 film)	director	Taylor Wong
His Wife's Child	director	Harry Solter
Unto the Third Generation	director	Harry Solter
The Green-Eyed Devil	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
Deutschland. Ein Sommermärchen	director	Sönke Wortmann
Unholy (film)	director	Daryl Goldberg
Rich and Famous (1981 film)	director	George Cukor
Kasthuri Maan	director	A. K. Lohithadas
The Alien Encounters	director	James T. Flocker
Miss Grant Takes Richmond	director	Lloyd Bacon
The Floor Above	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
Home, Sweet Home (1914 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Color Me Blood Red	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Jade Warrior (film)	director	Antti-Jussi Annila
Ninja Over the Great Wall	director	Bruce Le
King of the Jungle (film)	director	Seth Zvi Rosenfeld
The Nun (2005 film)	director	Luis De La Madrid
Rebirth (The 4400)	director	Milan Cheylov
Flyin' Ryan	director	Linda Shayne
Shadow Company	director	Nick Bicanic
Shadow Company	director	Jason Bourque
Going Bananas	director	Bob LaHendro
Hijitus	director	Manuel García Ferré
Face of the Screaming Werewolf	director	Jerry Warren
House of Terror (film)	director	Gilberto Martínez Solares
Beautiful Boxer	director	Ekachai Uekrongtham
Star Trek: Of Gods and Men	director	Tim Russ
Hallelujah, I'm a Bum (film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Rosemary, That's for Remembrance	director	Francis J. Grandon
The Combination of the Safe	director	Francis J. Grandon
The Cowboy Millionaire	director	Francis Boggs
The Cowboy Millionaire	director	Otis Turner
Sweet Movie	director	Dušan Makavejev
The Pasha's Daughter	director	Francis Boggs
Matzor	director	Gilberto Tofano
A Delicate Balance (film)	director	Tony Richardson
Restraint (film)	director	David Denneen
Fey's Sleigh Ride	director	Tricia Brock (director)
The Wolfman (2010 film)	director	Joe Johnston
The Higher Law (1911 film)	director	George Nichols (actor)
That's Happiness	director	George Nichols (actor)
Proxy Husband	director	William Garwood
Put Yourself in His Place	director	Theodore Marston
The Little Girl Next Door	director	Lucius J. Henderson
Aurora Floyd (film)	director	Theodore Marston
El Tigre: The Adventures of Manny Rivera	director	Dave Thomas (actor)
El Tigre: The Adventures of Manny Rivera	director	Gabe Swarr
Venus Beauty Institute	director	Tonie Marshall
Nelly and Mr. Arnaud	director	Claude Sautet
Spin (House)	director	Fred Gerber
Hunting (House)	director	Gloria Muzio
The Mistake (House)	director	David Semel
Deception (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
Failure to Communicate	director	Jace Alexander
The Evidence of the Film	director	Lawrence Marston
The Evidence of the Film	director	Edwin Thanhouser
The Werewolf (1913 film)	director	Henry MacRae
Dossier 51	director	Michel Deville
Some Fools There Were	director	Lucius J. Henderson
Werewolf (1996 film)	director	Tony Zarindast
Bianca (1984 film)	director	Nanni Moretti
Wolf Blood	director	George Chesebro
Wolf Blood	director	H. Bruce Mitchell
Norbit	director	Brian Robbins
Squash (2002 film)	director	Lionel Bailliu
Unpublished Story	director	Harold French
Zamaanat	director	S. Ramanathan
Meet Wally Sparks	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
Moonshine (2006 film)	director	Roger Ingraham
The Magic Christian (film)	director	Joseph McGrath (film director)
Through the Sluice Gates	director	John G. Adolfi
Naani	director	S. J. Surya
Yuvaraju	director	YVS Chowdary
We All Loved Each Other So Much	director	Ettore Scola
Pros & Cons	director	Boris Damast
The Oath of Pierre	director	Sydney Ayres
Don't Look Back (Heroes)	director	Allan Arkush
The Hunchback (1914 film)	director	Christy Cabanne
Blood & Chocolate (film)	director	Katja von Garnier
The Body in the Trunk	director	John O' Brien
Lycanthrope (film)	director	Bob Cook (director)
The Undying Monster	director	John Brahm
The Cameo of the Yellowstone	director	Sydney Ayres
The Return of the Vampire	director	Lew Landers
The Sower Reaps	director	Tom Ricketts
In the Candlelight	director	Tom Ricketts
Old Enough to Be Her Grandpa	director	Tom Ricketts
The Werewolf (1956 film)	director	Fred F. Sears
Redbird Wins	director	Sydney Ayres
Sir Galahad of Twilight	director	Sydney Ayres
Buffet froid	director	Bertrand Blier
The Castle of the Monsters	director	Julián Soler
Sweet and Low (1914 film)	director	Sydney Ayres
In the Open	director	Sydney Ayres
Lycanthropus	director	Paolo Heusch
Jail Birds	director	Sydney Ayres
La Loba	director	Rafael Baledón
Billy's Rival	director	Sydney Ayres
The Cocoon and the Butterfly	director	Sydney Ayres
Break, Break, Break (film)	director	Harry A. Pollard
La Marca del Hombre Lobo	director	Enrique López Eguiluz
Las Noches del Hombre Lobo	director	René Govar
Los Monstruos del Terror	director	Hugo Fregonese
Los Monstruos del Terror	director	Eberhard Meichsner
Los Monstruos del Terror	director	Tulio Demicheli
The Children (1980 film)	director	Max Kalmanowicz
Yasmin (film)	director	Kenneth Glenaan
Slipstream (2007 film)	director	Anthony Hopkins
The Fury of the Wolfman	director	José María Zabalza
Titash Ekti Nadir Naam	director	Ritwik Ghatak
Dr. Jekyll y el Hombre Lobo	director	León Klimovsky
Brutti, sporchi e cattivi	director	Ettore Scola
El Retorno de Walpurgis	director	Carlos Aured
Napoli violenta	director	Umberto Lenzi
Hidden (The 4400)	director	Vincent Misiano
Refugees (The Wire)	director	Jim McKay (director)
La Maldicion de la Bestia	director	Miguel Iglesias
Aaron's Way	director	R. W. Goodwin
Aaron's Way	director	Robert Scheerer
El Retorno del Hombre Lobo	director	Paul Naschy
La Bestia y la Espada Magica	director	Paul Naschy
Licántropo	director	Francisco Rodríguez Gordillo
Tomb of the Werewolf	director	Fred Olen Ray
Blood of Dracula's Castle	director	Al Adamson
The Werewolf of Washington	director	Milton Moses Ginsberg
The Boy Who Cried Werewolf (1973 film)	director	Nathan H. Juran
Legend of the Werewolf	director	Freddie Francis
The Werewolf of Woodstock	director	John Moffitt (director)
The Patchwork Girl of Oz (1914 film)	director	J. Farrell MacDonald
Werewolf Woman (film)	director	Rino Di Silvestro
Wolfman (1979 film)	director	Worth Keeter
Full Moon High	director	Larry Cohen
Monster Dog	director	Claudio Fragasso
The Cost of Living (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Scarfies	director	Robert Sarkies
The Lighthorsemen (film)	director	Simon Wincer
Subhalekha	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
His Faith in Humanity	director	Sydney Ayres
The Taming of Sunnybrook Nell	director	Sydney Ayres
Nature's Touch	director	Sydney Ayres
The Strength o' Ten	director	Tom Ricketts
Aapathbandhavudu	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Their Worldly Goods	director	Sydney Ayres
A Man's Way	director	Sydney Ayres
Does It End Right?	director	Sydney Ayres
Anji (film)	director	Kodi Ramakrishna
I Hate My Job	director	Esquire Jauchem
The Conspiracy Zone	director	Kelly D. Hommon
Lord John in New York	director	Edward LeSaint
Strawberry Shortcake: The Sweet Dreams Movie	director	Karen Hyden
Lord John's Journal	director	Edward LeSaint
Dor (film)	director	Nagesh Kukunoor
Magicians (film)	director	Andrew O'Connor (actor)
Sneham Kosam	director	K. S. Ravikumar
The Grey Sisterhood	director	Edward LeSaint
Destricted	director	Marina Abramović
Destricted	director	Matthew Barney
Destricted	director	Marco Brambilla
Destricted	director	Larry Clark
Destricted	director	Gaspar Noé
Destricted	director	Richard Prince
Destricted	director	Sam Taylor-Wood
Destricted	director	Marilyn Minter
Destricted	director	Cecily Brown
Destricted	director	Sante D'Orazio
Destricted	director	Tunga
Three Fingered Jenny	director	Edward LeSaint
The Legend Beautiful	director	Tom Ricketts
The Hero (2004 film)	director	Zézé Gamboa
The League of the Future	director	Edward LeSaint
Billy's War Brides	director	William Garwood
His Picture	director	William Garwood
Broken Fetters	director	Rex Ingram (director)
Two Seats at the Opera	director	William Garwood
The Gentle Art of Burglary	director	Raymond L. Schrock
A Society Sherlock	director	William Garwood
He Wrote a Book	director	William Garwood
Arthur's Desperate Resolve	director	William Garwood
A Soul at Stake	director	William Garwood
The Decoy (1916 film)	director	William Garwood
The Little Brother	director	Charles Miller (director)
A Magdalene of the Hills	director	John Willock Noble
The Alien Factor	director	Don Dohler
Billy's Love Making	director	William Garwood
Driven by Fate	director	John G. Adolfi
The Void (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Mike Vejar
Distractions (House)	director	Dan Attias
Venom (1981 film)	director	Piers Haggard
Waxwork (1988 film)	director	Anthony Hickox
The Glass Key (1935 film)	director	Frank Tuttle
Boy (1969 film)	director	Nagisa Oshima
Voyage au pays des nouveaux gourous	director	Karima Tabti
Federal Response	director	Duane Clark
Child of Rage	director	Larry Peerce
The Unseeable	director	Wisit Sasanatieng
On Dangerous Ground (1915 film)	director	Lucius J. Henderson
She Never Knew	director	Tom Ricketts
Wives and Other Wives	director	Lloyd Ingraham
The Next of Kin	director	Thorold Dickinson
Circus of Horrors	director	Sidney Hayers
The Supreme Impulse	director	Lucius J. Henderson
Wild Blood	director	William Garwood
The Adventure of the Yellow Curl Papers	director	Clem Easton
Uncle's New Blazer	director	William Garwood
Destiny's Trump Card	director	William Garwood
You Can't Always Tell	director	William Garwood
Thou Shalt Not Lie	director	Clem Easton
Larry O'Neill	director	Clem Easton
Zzyzx (film)	director	Richard Halpern
Quartet (1948 film)	director	Ken Annakin
Quartet (1948 film)	director	Arthur Crabtree
Quartet (1948 film)	director	Harold French
Quartet (1948 film)	director	Ralph Smart
Only Two Can Play	director	Sidney Gilliat
Alice Adams (film)	director	George Stevens
The 10th Victim	director	Elio Petri
Rustum	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
All Things Pass	director	Paul Verhoeven
9:02	director	J. Miller Tobin
Long Live the Mayor	director	Sanford Bookstaver
Rogue River (Jericho episode)	director	Guy Bee
Gharana Mogudu	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Nina's Heavenly Delights	director	Pratibha Parmar
Garde à vue	director	Claude Miller
The Guilty Man	director	Irwin Willat
The Big Tease	director	Kevin Allen (actor)
The Wounded Man (film)	director	Patrice Chéreau
Ancient Rome: The Rise and Fall of an Empire	director	Nick Murphy (television)
Euphoria (Part 1)	director	Deran Sarafian
BloodRayne II: Deliverance	director	Uwe Boll
Lost in a Harem	director	Charles Reisner
Desert Hearts	director	Donna Deitch
Three Came Home	director	Jean Negulesco
Major League Baseball: An Inside Look	director	Bucky Gunts
Major League Baseball: An Inside Look	director	David Stern (director)
Kisan (film)	director	Sibi Malayil
Jukti Takko Aar Gappo	director	Ritwik Ghatak
Mannat	director	Gurbir Singh Grewal
Her Moment	director	Frank Beal
Enjō	director	Kon Ichikawa
Where's Jack?	director	James Clavell
The One That Got Away (television film)	director	Paul Greengrass
Butch Camp	director	Alessandro De Gaetano
Water Drops on Burning Rocks	director	François Ozon
Visiting Hours	director	Jean-Claude Lord
The Night We Called It a Day (film)	director	Paul Goldman
Athidhi (film)	director	Surender Reddy
Clive of India (film)	director	Richard Boleslavsky
Play Dirty	director	André de Toth
Ash Wednesday (2002 film)	director	Edward Burns
Calamity Anne's Inheritance	director	Allan Dwan
The Rose of San Juan	director	Sydney Ayres
Calamity Anne's Vanity	director	Allan Dwan
The Charles Bukowski Tapes	director	Barbet Schroeder
Spione	director	Fritz Lang
Cheech & Chong's The Corsican Brothers	director	Tommy Chong
Navarasa (film)	director	Santosh Sivan
Alraune (1918 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Alraune (1918 film)	director	Edmund Fritz
Raja (1995 film)	director	Indra Kumar
Alraune, die Henkerstochter, genannt die rote Hanne	director	Eugen Illés
Alraune, die Henkerstochter, genannt die rote Hanne	director	Joseph Klein
At Night (film)	director	Christian E. Christiansen
Milano calibro 9	director	Fernando Di Leo
Lockdown (The 4400)	director	Doug Petrie
Beautiful Girls (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Grossman (director)
Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai	director	Sanjay Gadhvi
Can Heironymus Merkin Ever Forget Mercy Humppe and Find True Happiness?	director	Anthony Newley
The Phantom Carriage	director	Victor Sjöström
West Bank Story	director	Ari Sandel
Black Widow (1987 film)	director	Bob Rafelson
Not Going Out	director	Alex Hardcastle
Not Going Out	director	Nick Wood
Precipice (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Sergio Mimica-Gezzan
Deck the Halls (film)	director	John Whitesell
Satanic (film)	director	Daniel Golden
Automatons	director	James Felix McKenney
Forever (1921 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
Hameshaa	director	Sanjay Gupta (director)
Imtihaan	director	Harry Baweja
Exodus (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Félix Enríquez Alcalá
Parampara (film)	director	Yash Chopra
Black Moon (film)	director	Louis Malle
No Love for Johnnie	director	Ralph Thomas
Calamity Anne's Beauty	director	Allan Dwan
The Greater Love	director	Allan Dwan
The Fifth Page	director	Scott Peters (writer)
Eli Stone	director	David Petrarca
Eli Stone	director	Vincent Misiano
Eli Stone	director	Michael Schultz
Night and Fog in Japan	director	Nagisa Oshima
Waiter (film)	director	Alex van Warmerdam
The Cook	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
All In (House)	director	Fred Gerber
Falafel (film)	director	Michel Kammoun
Happy Days (1929 film)	director	Benjamin Stoloff
Lead Balloon	director	Alex Hardcastle
The Admirable Crichton (film)	director	Lewis Gilbert
We're Not Dressing	director	Norman Taurog
Alliances (The Wire)	director	David Platt (director)
The Crucified Lovers	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Maine Gandhi Ko Nahin Mara	director	Jahnu Barua
Let George Do It	director	Marcel Varnel
Onna Tachiguishi-Retsuden	director	Mamoru Oshii
King Richard and the Crusaders	director	David Butler (director)
Boot Camp (film)	director	Christian Duguay (director)
Cal (film)	director	Pat O'Connor (director)
Ravoyi Chandamama	director	Jayanth C. Paranjee
Rendition (film)	director	Gavin Hood
Hail the Woman	director	John Griffith Wray
Collaborators (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Rymer
Midnight Sun (film)	director	Norihiro Koizumi
Woman's Honor	director	Allan Dwan
Her Big Story	director	Allan Dwan
Truth in the Wilderness	director	Lamar Johnstone
Golgo 13: Assignment Kowloon	director	Yukio Noda
Quicksands	director	Allan Dwan
For the Flag	director	Lorimer Johnston
For the Crown	director	Lorimer Johnston
Over Here	director	Tony Dow (director)
101 Rent Boys	director	Fenton Bailey
101 Rent Boys	director	Randy Barbato
Daddy-Long-Legs (1919 film)	director	Marshall Neilan
Ellie Parker	director	Scott Coffey
One Giant Leap	director	Greg Beeman
The Hidden Blade	director	Yoji Yamada
Kaaterskill Falls (film)	director	Josh Apter
Kaaterskill Falls (film)	director	Peter Olsen
Happily Ever After (2004 film)	director	Yvan Attal
Running Scared (1980 film)	director	Paul Glickler
Abdulla the Great	director	Gregory Ratoff
Through the Neighbor's Window	director	Lorimer Johnston
U218 Singles  Vertigo 05: Live from Milan   1	director	Hamish Hamilton (director)
Calamity Anne, Heroine	director	Allan Dwan
Anna Karenina (1948 film)	director	Julien Duvivier
The Covered Wagon	director	James Cruze
In the Pit	director	Juan Carlos Rulfo
Sherlock Holmes and the Deadly Necklace	director	Terence Fisher
Sherlock Holmes and the Deadly Necklace	director	Frank Winterstein
Mrs. Carter's Campaign	director	William Desmond Taylor
The Girl and the Greaser	director	Allan Dwan
The Tale of the Ticker	director	Allan Dwan
In the Firelight	director	Tom Ricketts
War, Inc.	director	Joshua Seftel
Waxwork II: Lost in Time	director	Anthony Hickox
Streetwise (1998 film)	director	Bruce Brown
Bedtime Story (film)	director	Ralph Levy
Fire + Water (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Heller in Pink Tights	director	George Cukor
A Breath of Scandal	director	Michael Curtiz
Durval Discos	director	Anna Muylaert
Madame Sans-Gêne (film)	director	Christian-Jaque
Asylum (2008 film)	director	David R. Ellis
Overlord (film)	director	Stuart Cooper
The 5th Wheel	director	Keirda Bahruth
The 5th Wheel	director	Joe Dea
Ride, Vaquero!	director	John Farrow
Oblivious (film)	director	Özgür Uyanık
Mommy's Bosses	director	John Behring
Man of La Mancha (film)	director	Arthur Hiller
Tijuana Makes Me Happy	director	Dylan Verrechia
Place Vendôme (film)	director	Nicole Garcia
The Naked Maja	director	Henry Koster
Holophusikon	director	Ashton Lever
Our Wives	director	James Lackaye
Dangerous Mission	director	Louis King
Terror Among Us	director	Paul Krasny
The New Swiss Family Robinson	director	Stewart Raffill
The Young Lawyers	director	Gene Levitt
The Young Lawyers	director	John Newland
The Young Lawyers	director	Jud Taylor
The Don Knotts Show	director	Norman Abbott
To Rome With Love	director	Earl Bellamy
To Rome With Love	director	Frederick de Cordova
Backchat	director	David Kalmowitz
Trapped in a Forest Fire	director	Gilbert P. Hamilton
No Chris Left Behind	director	Pete Michels
Movin' Out (Brian's Song)	director	Cyndi Tang
The Good Life (1971 TV series)	director	Claudio Guzmán
Cool Million	director	Gene Levitt
Mad Monster Party	director	Jules Bass
A Time to Heal (film)	director	Michael Toshiyuki Uno
Mankillers	director	David A. Prior
The Steel Helmet	director	Samuel Fuller
So Much So Fast	director	Steven Ascher
So Much So Fast	director	Jeanne Jordan
Variety Girl	director	George Marshall (director)
Daku Mangal Singh	director	Chand
Calmi Cuori Appassionati	director	Isamu Nakae
Lost and Found (1996 film)	director	Lee Chi-Ngai
Two Family House	director	Raymond De Felitta
The Devil Came on Horseback	director	Ricki Stern
The Devil Came on Horseback	director	Anne Sundberg
I Love You Baby	director	Alfonso Albacete
I Love You Baby	director	David Menkes
Death by Hanging	director	Nagisa Oshima
The Bucket List	director	Rob Reiner
Impressionen unter Wasser	director	Leni Riefenstahl
The Return of the Soldier (film)	director	Alan Bridges
Pilot (30 Rock)	director	Adam Bernstein
Eloise at the Plaza	director	Kevin Lima
Goodbye Again (1961 film)	director	Anatole Litvak
The Origin of Species (The Outer Limits)	director	Brad Turner (director)
Zire Zamin	director	Ali Reza Bezrafesh
Her Younger Sister	director	Frank Cooley
Destinies Fulfilled	director	Lorimer Johnston
At the Potter's Wheel	director	Lorimer Johnston
Games People Play (TV series)	director	Jim Cross
Games People Play (TV series)	director	Tom Munshower
Sundown: The Vampire in Retreat	director	Anthony Hickox
Student No.1	director	S. S. Rajamouli
Sweet Memories	director	Thomas H. Ince
The Stepping Stone	director	Reginald Barker
The Stepping Stone	director	Thomas H. Ince
The Skull	director	Freddie Francis
Q2 (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	LeVar Burton
The Gregory Hines Show	director	Bob Delegall
The Gregory Hines Show	director	Andrew D. Weyman
The Lyin', the Watch and the Wardrobe	director	Rodman Flender
Bim	director	Hugh A. Robertson
Facing the Truth (film)	director	Nils Malmros
The Monte Carlo Story	director	Sam Taylor (director)
Le Roi et l'oiseau	director	Paul Grimault
The Battle Over Citizen Kane	director	Thomas Lennon (filmmaker)
Far from Home: The Adventures of Yellow Dog	director	Phillip Borsos
Man of the Frontier	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Only Game in Town (film)	director	George Stevens
Father Hood	director	Darrell Roodt
The Overcoat (animated film)	director	Yuriy Norshteyn
Tusk (film)	director	Alejandro Jodorowsky
Time of Your Death	director	Dean White
Charlie Bubbles	director	Albert Finney
Master (film)	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
Life and Lyrics	director	Richard Laxton
Life Express	director	Blackie Ko
Heat and Dust (film)	director	James Ivory (director)
The Naked Monster	director	Ted Newsom
Iraq for Sale: The War Profiteers	director	Robert Greenwald
Circle of Friends (Dexter)	director	Steve Shill
Hercules and Xena – The Animated Movie: The Battle for Mount Olympus	director	Lynne Naylor
Dexter (episode)	director	Michael Cuesta
Term of Trial	director	Peter Glenville
The North Avenue Irregulars	director	Bruce Bilson
Need to Know (House)	director	David Semel
Fannysmackin'	director	Richard J. Lewis
Border Line	director	Lee Sang-il
New World Disorder I	director	Derek Westerlund
The Mysterious Island (1929 film)	director	Benjamin Christensen
The Mysterious Island (1929 film)	director	Lucien Hubbard
The Mysterious Island (1929 film)	director	Maurice Tourneur
The Call of the Traumerei	director	Jacques Jaccard
The Call of the Traumerei	director	Lorimer Johnston
Mujhe Kucch Kehna Hai	director	Satish Kaushik
Kaalai	director	Tarun Gopi
Neo Ned	director	Van Fischer
Tokyo Metropolitan Museum of Photography	director	Yoshiharu Fukuhara
Tokyo Metropolitan Museum of Photography	director	Arinobu Fukuhara
Katzelmacher	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Calamity Anne's Love Affair	director	Tom Ricketts
A Soul Astray	director	William Desmond Taylor
In the Footprints of Mozart	director	Tom Ricketts
Nihon Igai Zenbu Chinbotsu	director	Minoru Kawasaki (film director)
Mein Lieber Katrina Catches a Convict	director	Tom Ricketts
The Lure of the Sawdust	director	Tom Ricketts
The Butterfly (1914 film)	director	Tom Ricketts
Triads, Yardies and Onion Bhajees	director	Sarjit Bains
This Is th' Life	director	Henry Otto
The Song of the Sea Shell	director	William Desmond Taylor
The Redemption of a Pal	director	Henry Otto
The Final Impulse	director	Tom Ricketts
Love and Other Catastrophes	director	Emma-Kate Croghan
Poison (film)	director	Todd Haynes
Friendship One (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Mike Vejar
Her Night of Romance	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
A Thief in Paradise	director	George Fitzmaurice
Blotto (1930 film)	director	James Parrott
Amazing Grace and Chuck	director	Mike Newell (director)
Mayerling (1936 film)	director	Anatole Litvak
High Times' Potluck	director	Alison Thompson
Chad Vader: Day Shift Manager	director	Aaron Yonda
Chad Vader: Day Shift Manager	director	Matt Sloan (director)
The Littlest Rebel	director	David Butler (director)
Chronic Bachelor	director	Siddique (director)
Cellar Dweller	director	John Carl Buechler
Chitchat on the Nile	director	Hussein Kamal
Family Troubles	director	Herbert Glazer
Mayerling (1957 TV film)	director	Anatole Litvak
Do Aankhen Barah Haath	director	V. Shantaram
Alraune (1928 film)	director	Henrik Galeen
Alraune (1930 film)	director	Richard Oswald
Chopratown	director	Sean Grundy
Alraune (1952 film)	director	Arthur Maria Rabenalt
Scenes from the Class Struggle in Beverly Hills	director	Paul Bartel
Doll Graveyard	director	Charles Band
Édith et Marcel	director	Claude Lelouch
Saving Grace (1985 film)	director	Robert M. Young (film director)
A Slice of Life (1914 film)	director	Tom Ricketts
A Slice of Life (1914 film)	director	William Desmond Taylor
The Archeologist	director	Henry Otto
The Beggar Child	director	William Desmond Taylor
In Tune	director	Henry Otto
When a Woman Waits	director	Henry Otto
I Died a Thousand Times	director	Stuart Heisler
Thrashin' (film)	director	David Winters (choreographer)
Royal Kill	director	Babar Ahmed
Nagarik	director	Ritwik Ghatak
Miss Teacher Bangs a Boy	director	Trey Parker
Margin of Error (The Wire)	director	Dan Attias
Millionaire's Express	director	Sammo Hung
Brunet wieczorową porą	director	Stanisław Bareja
Fidibus	director	Hella Joof
Nothing But Life	director	Rajiv Anchal
Sunglass (film)	director	Rituparno Ghosh
Anuranan	director	Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury
Hard Luck Hero	director	Sabu (director)
Reincarnation (film)	director	Takashi Shimizu
Red Ribbon Blues	director	Charles Winkler
Rubber's Lover	director	Shozin Fukui
Alcoa Theatre	director	Robert Florey
Alcoa Theatre	director	Robert Ellis Miller
Alcoa Theatre	director	Don Weis
A River Made to Drown In	director	Alan Smithee
Analog Days	director	Mike Ott (director)
Voliminal: Inside the Nine	director	Shawn Crahan
Why Me? (1985 film)	director	Kent Cheng
The Edge of Love	director	John Maybury
La Viuda de Blanco	director	Julio Jimenez (writer)
Illegal Tender (film)	director	Franc. Reyes
Collision (Heroes)	director	Ernest Dickerson
It's a Miracle (TV series)	director	Adam Briles
It's a Miracle (TV series)	director	Ron Brody
Bang (Desperate Housewives)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Trust, Lust, and Must	director	Jamie Babbit
After Hours (Ugly Betty)	director	James Hayman
Four Thanksgivings and a Funeral	director	Sarah Pia Anderson
Symbiopsychotaxiplasm	director	William Greaves
40 Bands 80 Minutes!	director	Sean Carnage
The Giant Buddhas	director	Christian Frei
Diwali (The Office)	director	Miguel Arteta
New World Disorder II	director	Derek Westerlund
New World Disorder III	director	Derek Westerlund
New World Disorder IV	director	Derek Westerlund
New World Disorder V	director	Derek Westerlund
New World Disorder VI	director	Derek Westerlund
Jack Be Nimble (film)	director	Garth Maxwell
Classmates (2006 film)	director	Lal Jose
Le Père Noël a les yeux bleus	director	Jean Eustache
Niespotykanie spokojny człowiek	director	Stanisław Bareja
It Takes Two (1982 film)	director	Karl Maka
Firelight (1964 film)	director	Steven Spielberg
Gemini (2002 film)	director	Saran (director)
Doing Time (2002 film)	director	Yoichi Sai
Kapitan Sowa na tropie	director	Stanisław Bareja
Przygoda z piosenką	director	Stanisław Bareja
Mąż swojej żony	director	Jakub Goldberg
Mąż swojej żony	director	Stanisław Bareja
Małżeństwo z rozsądku	director	Stanisław Bareja
Little Criminals (film)	director	Stephen Surjik
Incident at Oglala	director	Michael Apted
The Night Digger	director	Alastair Reid (director)
Harry in Your Pocket	director	Bruce Geller
Stranger Inside	director	Cheryl Dunye
Torn (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Jean de Segonzac
I Do (Lost)	director	Tucker Gates
Aalavandhan	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
Body of Evidence (film)	director	Uli Edel
From Mao to Mozart: Isaac Stern in China	director	Murray Lerner
Refining Fires	director	Tom Ricketts
The Wily Chaperon	director	Tom Ricketts
In the Twilight	director	Tom Ricketts
Heart of Flame	director	Tom Ricketts
Author, Author (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
In the Sunlight	director	Tom Ricketts
A Touch of Love (1915 film)	director	Tom Ricketts
She Walketh Alone	director	B. Reeves Eason
Wife Wanted	director	Henry Otto
The Diamond from the Sky	director	Jacques Jaccard
The Diamond from the Sky	director	William Desmond Taylor
The Resolve	director	Henry Otto
The Barren Gain	director	B. Reeves Eason
Sketches of Frank Gehry	director	Sydney Pollack
Incendiary Blonde	director	George Marshall (director)
Marco Polo (TV miniseries)	director	Giuliano Montaldo
Godfather (1991 film)	director	Siddique-Lal
The Intelligence Men	director	Robert Asher
The Long and Short of It	director	Sean Astin
Uncle Meat (film)	director	Frank Zappa
Video from Hell	director	Frank Zappa
The Amazing Mr. Bickford	director	Bruce Bickford (animator)
The Amazing Mr. Bickford	director	Frank Zappa
The True Story of Frank Zappa's 200 Motels	director	Frank Zappa
The Secret of Santa Vittoria	director	Stanley Kramer
The Great Mom Swap	director	Jonathan Prince
Fingers (1978 film)	director	James Toback
Sankofa (film)	director	Haile Gerima
Sequel to the Diamond from the Sky	director	Edward Sloman
Nomads (1986 film)	director	John McTiernan
Black Saddle	director	John English (director)
Black Saddle	director	Robert Florey
Black Saddle	director	Francis D. Lyon
Black Saddle	director	Gerd Oswald
Black Saddle	director	David Lowell Rich
Black Saddle	director	Boris Sagal
Poor Little Rich Girl: The Barbara Hutton Story	director	Charles Jarrott
Euphoria (Part 2)	director	Deran Sarafian
Harish-Chandra Research Institute	director	Dr. Amitava Raychaudhuri
Super 8 Stories	director	Emir Kusturica
The Painted Veil (2006 film)	director	John Curran (director)
The Garden of Allah (1936 film)	director	Richard Boleslavsky
Oklahoma! (1999 film)	director	Trevor Nunn
Down Argentine Way	director	Irving Cummings
Springtime in the Rockies	director	Irving Cummings
Coney Island (1943 film)	director	Walter Lang
The Rains of Ranchipur	director	Jean Negulesco
It's Nice Up North	director	Graham Fellows
The Watermelon Woman	director	Cheryl Dunye
Aaraam Thampuran	director	Shaji Kailas
Fanatic (1965 film)	director	Silvio Narizzano
Shaani	director	Saeed Rizvi
Huckleberry Finn (1974 film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
Parthiban Kanavu (film)	director	Karu Pazhaniappan
Vanishing Son	director	John Nicolella
The Vault of Horror (film)	director	Roy Ward Baker
The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency episodes (season 1)	director	Troll 2
Son of Man (film)	director	Mark Dornford-May
Mr. Wrong	director	Nick Castle
The Madwoman of Chaillot (film)	director	Bryan Forbes
Devil's Trap	director	Kim Manners
Raraju	director	Udaya Shankar
Caresses	director	Ventura Pons
La Gran Fiesta	director	Marcos Zurinaga
The World in His Arms	director	Raoul Walsh
7 Man Army	director	Chang Cheh
Hiros	director	Paul Shapiro (director)
Appu (2000 film)	director	Vasanth
Ironheart	director	Robert Clouse
The Four Feathers (2002 film)	director	Shekhar Kapur
Joshua Then and Now (film)	director	Ted Kotcheff
Piriyadha Varam Vendum	director	Kamal (director)
Virumbugiren	director	Susi Ganeshan
Thamizh	director	Hari (director)
Shock (2004 film)	director	Thyagarajan
Glory Days (TV series)	director	Jean de Segonzac
Glory Days (TV series)	director	Dennie Gordon
Glory Days (TV series)	director	Perry Lang
Glory Days (TV series)	director	Randall Zisk
Radiofreccia	director	Luciano Ligabue
Be Big!	director	James Parrott
Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science	director	Prof. Kankan Bhattacharyya
Skinwalkers (2002 film)	director	Chris Eyre
Freaky Friday (1995 film)	director	Melanie Mayron
Freaky Friday (1976 film)	director	Gary Nelson (director)
One Night Stand (1984 film)	director	John Duigan
Police (1985 film)	director	Maurice Pialat
Tartuffe (film)	director	F. W. Murnau
Woh Lamhe	director	Mohit Suri
Johns (film)	director	Scott Silver
Party Monster: The Shockumentary	director	Fenton Bailey
Party Monster: The Shockumentary	director	Randy Barbato
Out of Step (film)	director	Ryan Little
Vathiyar	director	A. Venkatesh (director)
The Sandlot: Heading Home	director	William Dear
10 Minutes	director	Ahmed Imamovic
Taxidermia	director	György Pálfi
High Road to China	director	Brian G. Hutton
Spit & Eggs	director	Rob Thomas (writer)
Big City Blues (1999 film)	director	Clive Fleury
Unforgivable Blackness: The Rise and Fall of Jack Johnson	director	Ken Burns
The Heavy (film)	director	Marcus Warren
Me, You and Him	director	John Stroud
Everything You Want (film)	director	Ryan Little
Come September	director	Robert Mulligan
Tomorrow Is Forever	director	Irving Pichel
Woman of Straw	director	Basil Dearden
Men of Burden: Pedaling towards a Horizon	director	Raghu Jeganathan
Gorilla at Large	director	Harmon Jones
The Company (TV miniseries)	director	Mikael Salomon
Mud and Sand	director	Gilbert Pratt
The Robe (film)	director	Henry Koster
Citizens of Perpetual Indulgence	director	Alex Monty Canawati
Who Shot the Sheriff?	director	Richard Standeven
Os Trapalhões e o Mágico de Oróz	director	Dedé Santana
Os Trapalhões e o Mágico de Oróz	director	Vitor Lustosa
Honor Roll (film)	director	Charles Nemes
Branch Closing	director	Tucker Gates
Rome Adventure	director	Delmer Daves
Japanese Relocation (1942 film)	director	Milton S. Eisenhower
Cool Air (film)	director	Bryan Moore
Frog Dreaming	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
Totally Fucked Up	director	Gregg Araki
Little Jerusalem (film)	director	Karin Albou
Kuch Khatti Kuch Meethi	director	Rahul Rawail
Dear America: Letters Home from Vietnam	director	Bill Couturié
Thralls (film)	director	Ron Oliver
Greatest Hits – Volumen 1993–2003	director	Michel Gondry
Greatest Hits – Volumen 1993–2003	director	Sophie Muller
Greatest Hits – Volumen 1993–2003	director	Danny Cannon
Greatest Hits – Volumen 1993–2003	director	Stéphane Sednaoui
Greatest Hits – Volumen 1993–2003	director	Jean-Baptiste Mondino
Greatest Hits – Volumen 1993–2003	director	Spike Jonze
Greatest Hits – Volumen 1993–2003	director	John Kricfalusi
Greatest Hits – Volumen 1993–2003	director	Paul White
Greatest Hits – Volumen 1993–2003	director	Alexander McQueen
Greatest Hits – Volumen 1993–2003	director	Chris Cunningham
Greatest Hits – Volumen 1993–2003	director	Eiko Ishioka
The Medúlla Videos	director	Dawn Shadforth
The Medúlla Videos	director	Spike Jonze
The Medúlla Videos	director	Gabríela Friðriksdóttir
The Reluctant Debutante (film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Desert Moon (2001 film)	director	Shinji Aoyama
Black Sheep (2007 film)	director	Jonathan King (film director)
The Thoroughbred	director	Charles Bartlett (film director)
The Smugglers of Santa Cruz	director	Donald MacDonald (actor)
The Craving (1916 film)	director	Charles Bartlett (film director)
Stickmen (film)	director	Hamish Rothwell
Best of the Best 3: No Turning Back	director	Phillip Rhee
Jatt Punjab Daa	director	Yograj Singh
Breakout (1975 film)	director	Tom Gries
The Postman (film)	director	Kevin Costner
The River's Edge	director	Allan Dwan
Intermedio (film)	director	Andrew Lauer
Hammy's Boomerang Adventure	director	Will Finn
Gospa	director	Jakov Sedlar
Asterix Conquers America	director	Gerhard Hahn
Dragon Fighter	director	Phillip J. Roth
Aram (film)	director	Robert Kechichian
Journeys with George	director	Alexandra Pelosi
Journeys with George	director	Aaron Lubarsky
The Odessa File (film)	director	Ronald Neame
Extreme Limits	director	Jim Wynorski
Hell on Earth 2006	director	Trey Parker
Secret Things	director	Jean-Claude Brisseau
What Becomes of the Broken Hearted?	director	Ian Mune
Sons of Butcher (TV series)	director	Karl DiPelino
The Stranger Left No Card	director	Wendy Toye
Rhythm (film)	director	Vasanth
Saimin (film)	director	Masayuki Ochiai
Kadhal Desam	director	Kathir
My Father Is a Hero	director	Corey Yuen
Hum Kisise Kum Nahin	director	David Dhawan
Incubus (2006 film)	director	Anya Camilleri
The Ghost of Slumber Mountain	director	Willis O'Brien
Genius (2003 film)	director	Babar Ahmed
Ethan Mao	director	Quentin Lee
Saaz (film)	director	Sai Paranjpye
Dharam Jeet	director	Sukhdev Ahluwalia
The Weak and the Wicked	director	J. Lee Thompson
Route 666 (film)	director	William Wesley
Passport to Shame	director	Alvin Rakoff
Raja Babu (film)	director	David Dhawan
The Shooting Party	director	Alan Bridges
Boys Life 5	director	Eytan Fox
The Road to Reno	director	Richard Wallace (director)
The New Worst Witch	director	Andrew Gunn
Héroes de Otra Patria	director	Iván Dariel Ortíz
Linda Linda Linda	director	Nobuhiro Yamashita
Romeo.Juliet	director	Armondo Linus Acosta
Boom! (1968 film)	director	Joseph Losey
Christmas in Connecticut	director	Peter Godfrey (director)
Jory	director	Jorge Fons
Igor (film)	director	Tony Leondis
The Battle of Midway	director	John Ford
Soldiers Pay	director	Tricia Regan
Soldiers Pay	director	David O. Russell
Kismet (1944 film)	director	William Dieterle
Thumbsucker (film)	director	Mike Mills (director)
A Brighter Summer Day	director	Edward Yang
Billy the Kid vs. Dracula	director	William Beaudine
Lawnmower Man 2: Beyond Cyberspace	director	Farhad Mann
The Collingswood Story	director	Mike Costanza
Chotta Mumbai	director	Anwar Rasheed
Shadow of the Eagle	director	Timo Koivusalo
Don (2007 film)	director	Lawrence Raghavendra
Love Cruise	director	Eugenia Fiumi
Love Cruise	director	Kenny Hull
The Bruiser	director	Charles Bartlett (film director)
Generation Jets	director	Christi Bertelsen
Generation Jets	director	Christina Ghiloni
Better Halves	director	Greg Beeman
Sukob	director	Chito Roño
Nothing to Hide	director	Donna Deitch
Madhuchandralekha	director	Rajasenan
Mayookham	director	Hariharan (director)
Kanaka Simhasanam	director	Rajasenan
Ali Bhai	director	Shaji Kailas
The Heyde-Sawade Affair	director	Wolfgang Luderer
13 Beloved	director	Chookiat Sakveerakul
Godspell (film)	director	David Greene (director)
The Good Die Young	director	Lewis Gilbert
Trade (film)	director	Marco Kreuzpaintner
Il paese del sesso selvaggio	director	Umberto Lenzi
A Measure of Salvation	director	Bill Eagles
Amorosa	director	Mai Zetterling
Cafe Mascot	director	Lawrence Huntington
School Wars: Hero	director	Ikuo Sekimoto
First Action Hero	director	Nini Grassia
En Uyir Nee Thaane	director	S.P.Rajkumar
Old Khottabych	director	Gennadiy Kazansky
Million Dollar Mermaid	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Khottabych	director	Pyotr Tochilin
House Calls (TV series)	director	Hy Averback
House Calls (TV series)	director	John Clark (actor)
Crazy as Hell	director	Eriq La Salle
Know Your Enemy: Japan	director	Frank Capra
Know Your Enemy: Japan	director	Joris Ivens
Giant Phantom Monster Agon	director	Norio Mine
Giant Phantom Monster Agon	director	Fuminori Ohashi
Tunisian Victory	director	Frank Capra
Tunisian Victory	director	Hugh Stewart (film editor)
Tunisian Victory	director	John Huston
With the Marines at Tarawa	director	Louis Hayward
In the Realm of the Hackers	director	Kevin Anderson (filmmaker)
Varieté	director	Ewald André Dupont
Signal Tower Museum	director	Angus
Valhalla (film)	director	Peter Madsen (cartoonist)
Valhalla (film)	director	Jeffrey Varab
Naa Autograph	director	S. Gopal Reddy
Look What's Happened to Rosemary's Baby	director	Sam O'Steen
The Negro Soldier	director	Stuart Heisler
Passion of Mind	director	Alain Berliner
Classic Albums: Pink Floyd – The Making of The Dark Side of the Moon	director	Matthew Longfellow
Kidnapped (1960 film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Dr. Ehrlich's Magic Bullet	director	William Dieterle
Bring on the Night (film)	director	Michael Apted
Sombre	director	Philippe Grandrieux
Three Lives and Only One Death	director	Raúl Ruiz
Appointment in Tokyo	director	Jack Hively
The Autobiography of a 'Jeep'	director	Joseph Krumgold
Seven Minutes to Midnight (Heroes)	director	Paul A. Edwards
Five Miles to Midnight	director	Anatole Litvak
Darby's Rangers (1958 film)	director	William A. Wellman
Luggage of the Gods!	director	David Kendall (director)
Biwi Ho To Aisi	director	J.K. Bihari
Rendezvous (Prison Break)	director	Dwight H. Little
Barney Oldfield's Race for a Life	director	Mack Sennett
Asterix and Cleopatra (film)	director	René Goscinny
Asterix and Cleopatra (film)	director	Lee Payant
Asterix and Cleopatra (film)	director	Albert Uderzo
Promise Me This	director	Emir Kusturica
Hamlet A.D.D.	director	Bobby Ciraldo
Hamlet A.D.D.	director	Andrew Swant
Deadly Eyes	director	Robert Clouse
Man in the Dark	director	Lew Landers
We Are the Strange	director	M dot Strange
L.A. Without a Map	director	Mika Kaurismäki
Saigon Eclipse	director	Othello Khanh
The Highest Bid	director	William Russell (American actor)
Da (film)	director	Matt Clark (actor)
Swarm of the Snakehead	director	Frank A. Lama
Swarm of the Snakehead	director	Joel C. Denning
Ricardo Brennand Institute	director	Ricardo Brennand
Jesus Christ Superstar (film)	director	Norman Jewison
Controlled Conversations	director	Sylwester Chęciński
Sleeping Dogs Lie (House)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Without Anesthesia	director	Andrzej Wajda
The Strength of Donald McKenzie	director	William Russell (American actor)
The Strength of Donald McKenzie	director	Jack Prescott
The Man Who Would Not Die	director	William Russell (American actor)
The Man Who Would Not Die	director	Jack Prescott
The Man Who Would Not Die	director	Nate Watt
The Torch Bearer	director	Jack Prescott
The Torch Bearer	director	William Russell (American actor)
Austin Powers (film series)	director	Jay Roach
Kurbaan (1991 film)	director	Deepak Bahry
House vs. God	director	John Showalter (director)
Solitaire (film)	director	Frank D'Agostino
The Miracle Song	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Hail Caesar (1994 film)	director	Anthony Michael Hall
The Bad Seed (film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Escanaba in da Moonlight	director	Jeff Daniels
A Minute with Stan Hooper	director	Jeff Melman
A Minute with Stan Hooper	director	Barry Kemp (TV producer)
Anti-hero (film)	director	Matt Jaissle
The Merger (The Office)	director	Ken Whittingham
The Richard Boone Show	director	Richard Boone
The Richard Boone Show	director	Robert Butler (director)
The Richard Boone Show	director	Robert Gist
The Richard Boone Show	director	Lamont Johnson
The Richard Boone Show	director	Harry Morgan
The Genesis Children	director	Anthony Aikman
The Haunted Strangler	director	Robert Day (director)
Corridors of Blood	director	Robert Day (director)
First Man into Space	director	Robert Day (director)
Rocky – The Rebel	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
The Atomic Submarine	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Underworld Beauty	director	Seijun Suzuki
Kanto Wanderer	director	Seijun Suzuki
Tattooed Life	director	Seijun Suzuki
The Love Hermit	director	Jack Prescott
You, the Living	director	Roy Andersson
Kagero-za	director	Seijun Suzuki
The Twinkler	director	Edward Sloman
Screaming for More (DVD)	director	Ivan Shapovalov
Letters from a Killer	director	David Carson (director)
The Tuskegee Airmen	director	Robert Markowitz
The Chance of a Lifetime	director	William Castle
The Belle of Bar-Z Ranch	director	Tom Ricketts
Crossroads (Jericho episode)	director	Paul McCrane
He's a Bully, Charlie Brown	director	Bill Melendez
He's a Bully, Charlie Brown	director	Larry Leichliter
Lapworth Museum of Geology	director	M. Paul Smith
Arunachalam	director	Sundar C.
Zigeunerweisen (film)	director	Seijun Suzuki
Yumeji	director	Seijun Suzuki
The Running Man (film)	director	Paul Michael Glaser
The Consequences of Love	director	Paolo Sorrentino
Carmencita (film)	director	William Kennedy Dickson
Lone Hand Wilson	director	Lafe McKee
Lone Hand Wilson	director	Harry Moody
Khushi (2003 film)	director	S. J. Surya
Gowri (film)	director	B.V. Ramana
Scent of Mystery	director	Jack Cardiff
Mirage (2004 film)	director	Svetozar Ristovski
The Thief (1997 film)	director	Pavel Chukhrai
Bianca (1913 film)	director	Robert Thornby
Yaji and Kita: The Midnight Pilgrims	director	Kankurō Kudō
Boiling Point (film)	director	Takeshi Kitano
In the Gloaming	director	Christopher Reeve
Cinema 500 km	director	Abdullah Al-Eyaf
Sundays and Cybele	director	Serge Bourguignon
The Future of Food	director	Deborah Koons Garcia
The Uninvited (1944 film)	director	Lewis Allen (director)
The Haunted World of El Superbeasto	director	Rob Zombie
First Strike (Stargate Atlantis)	director	Martin Wood
The Raging Moon	director	Bryan Forbes
Ironweed (film)	director	Héctor Babenco
Angel Square	director	Anne Wheeler
Blind Horizon	director	Michael Haussman
Best of the Best 4: Without Warning	director	Phillip Rhee
976-EVIL	director	Robert Englund
The Nun's Story (film)	director	Fred Zinnemann
Slasher (film)	director	John Landis
Utah Museum of Fine Arts	director	Gretchen Dietrich
The Lonely Passion of Judith Hearne	director	Jack Clayton
Kithakithalu	director	E. V. V. Satyanarayana
Turn the River	director	Chris Eigeman
A Little Madonna	director	Ulysses Davis
Maharadhi	director	P. Vasu
Camouflage (game show)	director	Gilbert Cates
The Sinking of the Lusitania	director	Winsor McCay
Efectos secundarios	director	Issa López
Fred Claus	director	David Dobkin (director)
Parent Hood	director	Richard Standeven
Ultimo mondo cannibale	director	Ruggero Deodato
Shirley Temple's Storybook	director	Harry Horner
Spookley the Square Pumpkin	director	Bernie Denk
Go God Go	director	Trey Parker
Sea of Fear	director	Andrew Schuth
The Gene Autry Show	director	George Archainbaud
The Gene Autry Show	director	D. Ross Lederman
Sleeping Beauty (Faerie Tale Theatre)	director	Jeremy Kagan
Net Worth (film)	director	Kenny Griswold
The Pretender 2001	director	Frederick King Keller
Queens (film)	director	Manuel Gómez Pereira
Operation Crossbow (film)	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Unto Others	director	Anthony Hemingway
Goldilocks and the Three Bears (Faerie Tale Theatre)	director	Gilbert Cates
Fur and Loathing	director	Richard J. Lewis
The Soul's Cycle	director	Ulysses Davis
The Hands of Che Guevara	director	Peter de Kock
There's Something Out There	director	Brian Pulido
Exodus (2007 British film)	director	Penny Woolcock
Wes Craven's Chiller	director	Wes Craven
The Tiger's Tail	director	John Boorman
Expresso Bongo    1	director	Val Guest
La moglie più bella	director	Damiano Damiani
Wrestling Ernest Hemingway	director	Randa Haines
Saw IV	director	Darren Lynn Bousman
What Will You Do When You Catch Me?	director	Stanisław Bareja
Lord of the Flies (1963 film)	director	Peter Brook
Julie (1975 film)	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Walk the Angry Beach	director	John Hayes (director)
Bojangles (film)	director	Bill Lake
Bojangles (film)	director	Joseph Sargent
Man – Woman Wanted	director	Stanisław Bareja
Chattakari	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Romie-0 and Julie-8	director	Clive A. Smith
Totally Awesome	director	Neal Brennan
Luck by Chance	director	Zoya Akhtar
Lose the Boss	director	Ken Whittingham
Carmen (2003 film)	director	Vicente Aranda
I Dream of Jeanie (film)	director	Allan Dwan
A Forest Romance	director	Frank Montgomery
For the Peace of Bear Valley	director	Frank Montgomery
Justice of the Wild	director	Frank Montgomery
Calamity Anne's Dream	director	Allan Dwan
The Power of Light	director	Lorimer Johnston
The Son of Thomas Gray	director	William Desmond Taylor
A Story of Little Italy	director	William Desmond Taylor
The Coming of the Padres	director	Lorimer Johnston
The Gringos	director	Patrick Norris
Aaltoska orkaniseeraa	director	Edvin Laine
The Story of the Olive	director	Sydney Ayres
The Navy Aviator	director	Sydney Ayres
The Last Supper (2006 film)	director	Marius A. Markevicius
Pilot (House)	director	Bryan Singer
Bolshoi Booze (Prison Break)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Monty Python & the Quest for the Holy Grail	director	Terry Gilliam
Monty Python & the Quest for the Holy Grail	director	Terry Jones
Monty Python & the Quest for the Holy Grail	director	Steve Martino
Steal (film)	director	Gérard Pirès
Ambush (1999 film)	director	Olli Saarela
The Most Dangerous Game (film)	director	Irving Pichel
The Most Dangerous Game (film)	director	Ernest B. Schoedsack
The Game Plan (film)	director	Andy Fickman
Tes Cheveux Noirs Ihsan	director	Tala Hadid
Feast and Famine (film)	director	Sydney Ayres
Mansquito	director	Tibor Takács (director)
Dead End Run	director	Gakuryū Ishii
Strangers: The Story of a Mother and Daughter	director	Milton Katselas
The Long Winter (1999 film)	director	Michel Brault
February 15, 1839	director	Pierre Falardeau
The Gift (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Anson Williams
Charisma (film)	director	Kiyoshi Kurosawa
A Piano for Mrs. Cimino	director	George Schaefer (director)
The Anniversary (film)	director	Roy Ward Baker
Cherish (film)	director	Finn Taylor
Deception (1946 film)	director	Irving Rapper
Murder on the Rising Star	director	Rod Holcomb
The Man With Nine Lives	director	Rod Holcomb
Fire in Space	director	Chris Nyby, Jr.
The Living Legend	director	Vince Edwards
The Young Lords	director	Donald Bellisario
The Magnificent Warriors	director	Chris Nyby, Jr.
Gun on Ice Planet Zero	director	Alan Levy
The Long Patrol (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Chris Nyby, Jr.
The Lost Warrior	director	Rod Holcomb
Lost Planet of the Gods	director	Chris Nyby, Jr.
Red Flag (Jericho episode)	director	Martha Beall Mitchell
Skin Deep (House)	director	James Hayman
I Love You (1979 film)	director	Vayu Nandana Rao
9/Tenths	director	Bob Degus
Vijetha	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
Mr. Novak	director	Abner Biberman
Mr. Novak	director	Richard Donner
Mr. Novak	director	Ida Lupino
Mr. Novak	director	Michael O'Herlihy
Mr. Novak	director	Boris Sagal
Mr. Novak	director	Joseph Sargent
Mr. Novak	director	Paul Wendkos
Laugh, Clown, Laugh	director	Herbert Brenon
Night Warning	director	William Asher
The Great Gatsby (1974 film)	director	Jack Clayton
Sunday in New York	director	Peter Tewksbury
Any Wednesday	director	Robert Ellis Miller
Bastard (film)	director	Helge Lunde
Bastard (film)	director	Gösta Stevens
Jack the Writer	director	Gail Mancuso
Jack Meets Dennis	director	Juan J. Campanella
The Heart of the Matter (film)	director	George More O'Ferrall
Have Dreams, Will Travel	director	Brad Isaacs
The Alcoa Hour	director	Kirk Browning
The Alcoa Hour	director	Sidney Lumet
The Alcoa Hour	director	Robert Mulligan
Evergreen (The Twilight Zone)	director	Allan Kroeker
February (2003 film)	director	Yuthlert Sippapak
One Night at Mercy	director	Peter O'Fallon
The Inspector General (film)	director	Henry Koster
Solomon and Sheba	director	King Vidor
Buppah Rahtree	director	Yuthlert Sippapak
Cold Prey	director	Roar Uthaug
Sai Lor Fah	director	Yuthlert Sippapak
Buppah Rahtree Phase 2: Rahtree Returns	director	Yuthlert Sippapak
List of Kinnikuman films  Hour of Triumph! Seigi Choujin晴れ姿!正義超人   1	director	Takenori Kawada
List of Kinnikuman films  Crisis in New York!ニューヨーク危機一髪!   1	director	Takenori Kawada
Wicked Wicked Games	director	P. David Ebersole
Krasue Valentine	director	Yuthlert Sippapak
The Producer	director	Ida Lupino
Oz (1976 film)	director	Chris Löfvén
Homecoming (Heroes)	director	Greg Beeman
Hacking Democracy	director	Simon Ardizzone
Hacking Democracy	director	Russell Michaels
Six Months Ago	director	Allan Arkush
Memories of Berlin: The Twilight of Weimar Culture	director	Gary Conklin
Killing Time (1998 film)	director	Bharat Nalluri
The Comebacks	director	Tom Brady (film director)
Coke Time with Eddie Fisher	director	Herbert Sussan
Top of the Food Chain	director	John Paizs
Tales of the 77th Bengal Lancers	director	Lew Landers
The Front Page (1974 film)	director	Billy Wilder
Cannibal Girls	director	Ivan Reitman
Ford Star Jubilee	director	Noël Coward
Ford Star Jubilee	director	Frederick de Cordova
Ford Star Jubilee	director	Delbert Mann
Ford Star Jubilee	director	James Neilson (director)
Ford Star Jubilee	director	Ralph Nelson
Ford Star Jubilee	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
Les Ordres	director	Michel Brault
University of California Museum of Paleontology	director	Charles R. Marshall
The Great Gatsby (1926 film)	director	Herbert Brenon
The Great Gatsby (1949 film)	director	Elliott Nugent
The Unbearable Lightness of Being (film)	director	Philip Kaufman
Outlander (film)	director	Howard McCain
Room Service (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
December Bride	director	William Asher
December Bride	director	Frederick de Cordova
December Bride	director	Jerry Thorpe
Vidheyan	director	Adoor Gopalakrishnan
The State Within	director	Daniel Percival (director/writer)
The Unbelievable Truth (film)	director	Hal Hartley
The Great Warming	director	Michael Taylor
Spaced Invaders	director	Patrick Read Johnson
Pilot (Life on a Stick)	director	Andy Ackerman
Business Versus Love	director	Tom Ricketts
The Unseen Vengeance	director	Tom Ricketts
I'm Coming Out (Ugly Betty)	director	Wendey Stanzler
The Librarian: Return to King Solomon's Mines	director	Jonathan Frakes
Freedom Writers	director	Richard LaGravenese
Black Beauty (1994 film)	director	Caroline Thompson
Crisis at Central High	director	Lamont Johnson
Flywheel (film)	director	Alex Kendrick
Even Cowgirls Get the Blues (film)	director	Gus Van Sant
Star! (film)	director	Robert Wise
High Mountain Rangers	director	Joan Conrad
High Mountain Rangers	director	Robert Conrad
Lancer (TV series)	director	Robert Butler (director)
Don Q, Son of Zorro	director	Donald Crisp
Screamers (2006 film)	director	Carla Garapedian
California Suite (film)	director	Herbert Ross
Phenom (TV series)	director	Danny Kallis
Phenom (TV series)	director	Will Mackenzie
Phenom (TV series)	director	Ed. Weinberger
The Ice Storm (film)	director	Ang Lee
Generation Lost	director	Davy Rothbart
Suddenly, Last Summer (film)	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
The Convict	director	Jeffrey Blitz
Diary of the Dead (1976 film)	director	Arvin Brown
Little Noises	director	Jane Spencer
A Golden Rainbow	director	Tom Ricketts
The Black Ghost Bandit	director	Tom Ricketts
Turk Flu	director	Declan O'Dwyer (director)
Whipped (film)	director	Peter Cohen (director)
The True Game of Death	director	Steve Chen Tien-Tai
Venus (film)	director	Roger Michell
Angel Rodriguez (film)	director	Jim McKay (director)
The McKenzie Break	director	Lamont Johnson
Willy McBean and his Magic Machine	director	Arthur Rankin, Jr.
The Daydreamer (film)	director	Jules Bass
The Wacky World of Mother Goose	director	Jules Bass
Living Out Loud	director	Richard LaGravenese
Fighter Squadron	director	Raoul Walsh
Paternity (House)	director	Peter O'Fallon
Live Hits	director	Matt Askem
Real Live Roadrunning    1	director	Martyn Atkins
Playing the Odds	director	Karen Dior
Thalaimagan	director	R. Sarathkumar
Mrs. Soffel	director	Gillian Armstrong
Triloquist	director	Mark Jones (screenwriter)
Classmates (2007 film)	director	K. Vijaya Bhaskar
Fraternity Life	director	Brian Krinsky
Ktsarim	director	Rani Sa'ar
Coals of Fire	director	Tom Ricketts
The Law of the Wilds	director	Tom Ricketts
Father Xmas	director	Marie Rose
The Trouble with Romance	director	Gene Rhee (director)
Amma Cheppindi	director	Gangaraju Gunnam
Full Grown Men	director	David Munro
Blood Fever (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Andrew Robinson (actor)
The Aquanauts	director	William Conrad
The Paul Lynde Halloween Special	director	Sidney Smith
Go God Go XII	director	Trey Parker
Shiloh (film)	director	Chip Rosenbloom
Princess Clementina	director	William G.B. Barker
Fury (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	John Bruno (director)
Long Day's Journey into Night (1962 film)	director	Sidney Lumet
The Ferguson Syndrome	director	Matt Reeves
Showboy	director	Lindy Heymann
Showboy	director	Christian Taylor
Showboy	director	Jason Buchtel
Paradesi	director	P. T. Kunju Muhammed
Kardia	director	Su Rynard
I See You (film)	director	Vivek Agrawal
The Jonathan Winters Show (1956 TV series)	director	Herbert Kenwith
Corner Boys	director	Agnieszka Holland
ReBoot: Daemon Rising	director	George Samilski
The Nomi Song	director	Andrew Horn
Helen the Baby Fox	director	Keita Kono
A Chef in Love	director	Nana Jorjadze
Just the Ticket (film)	director	Richard Wenk
A Heart of Gold	director	Tom Ricketts
Wigstock: The Movie	director	Barry Shils
Life at the Top (film)	director	Ted Kotcheff
Thunderbolt!	director	John Sturges
Thunderbolt!	director	William Wyler
Bad Attitude – Live!	director	Thomas Corcoran
What's Cooking?	director	Gurinder Chadha
The Infiltrator	director	John Mackenzie (director)
Plymouth Adventure	director	Clarence Brown
Shaolin Mantis	director	Lau Kar-leung
Intermezzo (1936 film)	director	Gustaf Molander
Dhee	director	Srinu Vaitla
Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch	director	Norman Taurog
Father (1990 film)	director	John Power
Dynamite Warrior	director	Chalerm Wongpim
Que Sera Sera (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
The Biggest Douche in the Universe	director	Trey Parker
Interview with the Assassin	director	Neil Burger
Wildflowers (film)	director	Melissa Painter
Bobbili Raja	director	B. Gopal
The Last Bomb	director	Frank Lloyd
Poove Unakkaga	director	Vikraman
The Chimp	director	James Parrott
Nukkad	director	Saeed Akhtar Mirza
The Last Temptation of Christ (film)	director	Martin Scorsese
Such a Gorgeous Kid Like Me	director	François Truffaut
Original Sin (1992 film)	director	Takashi Ishii
Kalteva torni	director	Timo Koivusalo
Global Urban Research Unit	director	Geoff Vigar
The Nun and the Devil	director	Domenico Paolella
Becket (film)	director	Peter Glenville
Hasami Otoko	director	Toshiharu Ikeda
Sibelius (film)	director	Timo Koivusalo
Saatanan radikaalit	director	Heikki Huopainen
Pizza (film)	director	Mark Christopher (director)
Playing for Keeps (film)	director	Bob Weinstein
Playing for Keeps (film)	director	Harvey Weinstein
Honeymoon Travels Pvt. Ltd.	director	Reema Kagti
Sleeping Beauties	director	Jamie Babbit
Meet Dave	director	Brian Robbins
Miss Firecracker	director	Thomas Schlamme
Down in the Delta	director	Maya Angelou
Eureka Stockade (film)	director	Harry Watt (director)
Dreadnought (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	LeVar Burton
Underfunded	director	John Fortenberry
Homestead (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	LeVar Burton
The C Word	director	Adam Bernstein
The Prisoner of Zenda (1979 film)	director	Richard Quine
The Devil Dared Me To	director	Chris Stapp
London Belongs to Me	director	Sidney Gilliat
Defence of the Realm	director	David Drury
Wings of Hope	director	Werner Herzog
Koeputkiaikuinen ja Simon enkelit	director	Spede Pasanen
The House with Laughing Windows	director	Pupi Avati
A Time to Love (film)	director	Huo Jianqi
My Football Summer	director	Yang Li-chou
My Football Summer	director	Chang Rong-ji
Limit of Love: Umizaru	director	Eiichiro Hasumi
Mimic 2	director	Jean de Segonzac
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1912 film)	director	Lucius J. Henderson
The Midnight Meat Train	director	Ryuhei Kitamura
Mimic 3: Sentinel	director	J. T. Petty
The Echo (1915 film)	director	Tom Ricketts
Danger List	director	Leslie Arliss
Achhoot Kanya	director	Franz Osten
Keif al-Hal?	director	Izidore Musallam
Go (1973 TV series)	director	Rift Fournier
Murphy's Law (film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
Bridge to Terabithia (2007 film)	director	Gábor Csupó
The Ladies Who Lunch	director	Arlene Sanford
Hugo the Hippo	director	William Feigenbaum
Hugo the Hippo	director	József Gémes
Unna ja Nuuk	director	Saara Cantell
The Cold Turkey	director	Michael Lange
A Christmas Carol (2006 film)	director	Ric Machin
Samarasimha Reddy	director	B. Gopal
The Lion in Winter (1968 film)	director	Anthony Harvey
Dr. Pyckle and Mr. Pryde	director	Scott Pembroke
Dr. Pyckle and Mr. Pryde	director	Joe Rock
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1908 film)	director	Otis Turner
News from the Front	director	Chevron Cars Ltd
Schramm (film)	director	Jörg Buttgereit
Call Me Claus	director	Peter Werner
The Funtastic World of Hanna-Barbera (ride)	director	David Steinberg
Svengali (1931 film)	director	Archie Mayo
Frozen Land	director	Aku Louhimies
Desserts (film)	director	Jeff Stark
The Widowmaker	director	John Madden (director)
Rogue Trader (film)	director	James Dearden
Saippuaprinssi	director	Janne Kuusi
Abhilasha (1983 film)	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
Spy Corps	director	J David Baker
Miracle's Boys	director	Neema Barnette
Miracle's Boys	director	LeVar Burton
Miracle's Boys	director	Ernest Dickerson
Miracle's Boys	director	Bill Duke
Miracle's Boys	director	Spike Lee
Smart People	director	Noam Murro
Aurore (film)	director	Luc Dionne
Hero (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Rymer
The Invasion (film)	director	Oliver Hirschbiegel
The Invasion (film)	director	James McTeigue
Rented Lips	director	Robert Downey, Sr.
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1920 Haydon film)	director	J. Charles Haydon
Dalekmania	director	Kevin Davies (director)
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1913 film)	director	Herbert Brenon
Jonestown: The Life and Death of Peoples Temple	director	Stanley Nelson Jr.
The Touch (2002 film)	director	Peter Pau
Kireedam (2007 film)	director	A L Vijay
The Catered Affair	director	Richard Brooks
The Favour, the Watch and the Very Big Fish	director	Ben Lewin
My Favorite Martian (film)	director	Donald Petrie
Space Marines (film)	director	John Weidner
A Year at the Top	director	Alan Rafkin
The Endless Summer II	director	Bruce Brown
Here Come the Huggetts	director	Ken Annakin
The Jackals	director	Robert D. Webb
Shwaas	director	Sandeep Sawant
The Art of Being Nick	director	Sam Weisman
The Taxman Cometh	director	Richard Standeven
Cake (TV series)	director	Sean McNamara (director)
Badri (2000 film)	director	Puri Jagannadh
Epic Movie	director	Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer
Vox Populi (Jericho episode)	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
Coast to Coast (1980 film)	director	Joseph Sargent
The Girl (film)	director	Sande Zeig
No Time for Nuts	director	Chris Renaud (animator)
No Time for Nuts	director	Mike Thurmeier
Soba (film)	director	Alan Coton
Memories of Matsuko	director	Tetsuya Nakashima
Come Early Morning	director	Joey Lauren Adams
Drive (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Dream Lover (1994 film)	director	Nicholas Kazan
Easy Money (1948 film)	director	Bernard Knowles
The Last Flight (1931 film)	director	William Dieterle
Hitman (2007 film)	director	Xavier Gens
Kadhalukku Mariyadhai	director	Fazil
Don't Ever Leave Me	director	Arthur Crabtree
Lies My Mother Told Me	director	Christian Duguay (director)
Stuck (2001 film)	director	Jamie Babbit
María la del Barrio	director	Beatriz Sheridan
PollyWorld	director	William Moore
Babysitter Wanted	director	Michael Manasseri
Athili Sattibabu LKG	director	E. V. V. Satyanarayana
Seema Sastri	director	G Nageswara Reddy
Fast Future Generation	director	Marvin Scott Jarrett
Stanley's Cup	director	Trey Parker
The Letter: An American Town and the 'Somali Invasion'	director	Ziad Hamzeh
Sixty Six (film)	director	Paul Weiland
Choking Hazard	director	Marek Dobeš
Meghasandesam	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
Dance Hall (film)	director	Charles Crichton
Herbie the Matchmaker	director	Bill Bixby
Herbie the Matchmaker	director	Charles S. Dubin
Herbie the Matchmaker	director	Vincent McEveety
No Meals on Wheels	director	Greg Colton
The Mackintosh Man	director	John Huston
Mekhong Full Moon Party	director	Jira Maligool
The Metamorphosis (The O.C.)	director	Norman Buckley
Wine for the Confused	director	David Kennard
Fracture (2007 film)	director	Gregory Hoblit
The Outfit (1973 film)	director	John Flynn (director)
Nakili Manishi	director	S.D. Lall
Elvis in Concert	director	Dwight Hemion
Each Time I Kill	director	Doris Wishman
Disconnect (Prison Break)	director	Karen Gaviola
Keane (film)	director	Lodge Kerrigan
Bombay Calling	director	Ben Addelman, Samir Mallal
Fake Plastic Snow	director	James Hayman
Son of Coma Guy	director	Dan Attias
The Beastly Hun	director	Bill Bain (director)
Live in the 21st Century	director	Jack Edward Sawyers
Welcome to the Hellmouth	director	Charles Martin Smith
The Killing Box (Prison Break)	director	Bobby Roth
Deadly Visions	director	Michael M. Scott
The Damned Thing	director	Tobe Hooper
The V Word	director	Ernest Dickerson
Switchblade Sisters	director	Jack Hill
Paladin of the Lost Hour	director	Gilbert Cates
Paladin of the Lost Hour	director	Alan Smithee
Swiss Miss (film)	director	John G. Blystone
Never Kill a Boy on the First Date	director	David Semel
Witch (Buffy the Vampire Slayer episode)	director	Stephen Cragg
The Pack (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Bruce Seth Green
Teacher's Pet (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Bruce Seth Green
Angel (Buffy the Vampire Slayer episode)	director	Scott Brazil
The Puppet Show	director	Ellen S. Pressman
The Harvest (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	John T. Kretchmer
When She Was Bad	director	Joss Whedon
Out of Mind, Out of Sight	director	Reza Badiyi
Prophecy Girl	director	Joss Whedon
The Hoose-Gow	director	James Parrott
Night Owls (1930 film)	director	James Parrott
Great Guns	director	Monty Banks
Wife to Be Sacrificed	director	Masaru Konuma
Passion in the Desert	director	Lavinia Currier
Camping Cosmos	director	Jan Bucquoy
Like Mike 2: Streetball	director	David Nelson (director)
The Hunting Party (2007 film)	director	Richard Shepard
The Prodigal Son (film)	director	Sammo Hung
The Story of Woo Viet	director	Ann Hui
Helmiä ja sikoja	director	Perttu Leppä
Padmashree Laloo Prasad Yadav	director	Mahesh Manjrekar
Roxie Hart (film)	director	William A. Wellman
Too Much, Too Soon	director	Art Napoleon
The Iron-Fisted Monk	director	Sammo Hung
Institute for Quantum Computing	director	Raymond Laflamme
Stolen Face	director	Terence Fisher
The Cat in the Hat (TV special)	director	Hawley Pratt
Nightmares (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Bruce Seth Green
Bad Eggs (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Greenwalt
School Hard	director	John T. Kretchmer
Phases (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Bruce Seth Green
Ted (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Bruce Seth Green
The Two Sentences	director	Tom Ricketts
Lie to Me (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Joss Whedon
In the Heart of the Woods	director	Tom Ricketts
When Empty Hearts Are Filled	director	Archer MacMackin
Good to Go (film)	director	Blaine Novak
Know Your Place	director	Alex Zakrzewski
Alphabet City (film)	director	Amos Poe
Three Stories	director	Paris Barclay
The Altar of Ambition	director	Archer MacMackin
Aldrich Contemporary Art Museum	director	Harry Philbrick
The Right to Happiness	director	Tom Ricketts
The Honor of the District Attorney	director	B. Reeves Eason
A Woman Scorned (1915 film)	director	William Desmond Taylor
The Great Question	director	Tom Ricketts
The Buzzard's Shadow	director	Tom Ricketts
Scooby-Doo! and the Loch Ness Monster	director	Scott Jeralds
Scooby-Doo! and the Loch Ness Monster	director	Joe Sichta
Touch Me in the Morning (film)	director	Giuseppe Andrews
Roughnecks (TV series)	director	Sandy Johnson (director)
The Naked Island	director	Kaneto Shindō
Jailbait (2004 film)	director	Brett C. Leonard
The Fixer Uppers	director	Charles Rogers
Below Zero (film)	director	James Parrott
Hog Wild (1930 film)	director	James Parrott
Come Clean (film)	director	James W. Horne
Any Old Port!	director	James W. Horne
Their First Mistake	director	George Marshall (director)
The Tree in a Test Tube	director	Charles McDonald
Crusade in Jeans (film)	director	Ben Sombogaart
In Love and War (1996 film)	director	Richard Attenborough
Not While I'm Around	director	David Grossman (director)
Dirty Work (1933 film)	director	Lloyd French
The Dinah Shore Chevy Show	director	Bob Banner
The True Glory	director	Carol Reed
Hondo (TV series)	director	Harry Harris (director)
Hondo (TV series)	director	Lee H. Katzin
Hondo (TV series)	director	Michael D. Moore
Hondo (TV series)	director	William Witney
A New Day in Old Sana'a	director	Bader Ben Hirsi
That Cold Day in the Park	director	Robert Altman
Jack-Tor	director	Don Scardino
Hava Aney Dey	director	Partho Sen-Gupta
Aloha, Scooby-Doo!	director	Tim Maltby
Wire Service	director	Lance Comfort
Wire Service	director	Tom Gries
Step Brothers (film)	director	Adam McKay
Semi-Pro	director	Kent Alterman
Unrest (film)	director	Jason Todd Ipson
The Secret Wire	director	Tom Ricketts
The Hamiltons	director	Butcher brothers
The Gravedancers	director	Mike Mendez
Spooks!	director	Jules White
Pardon My Backfire	director	Jules White
Muscle Up a Little Closer	director	Jules White
Hoofs and Goofs	director	Jules White
Booty and the Beast	director	Jules White
Triple Crossed	director	Jules White
Born Free (Dexter)	director	Michael Cuesta
Hello Pop!	director	Jack Cummings (director)
Belarmino	director	Fernando Lopes (filmmaker)
Midnight My Love	director	Kongdej Jaturanrasamee
River Without Buoys	director	Wu Tianming
Zangezur (1938 film)	director	Hamo Beknazarian
Zangezur (1938 film)	director	Y. Dukor
One Shot Sam	director	Scott Shaw
The Shout	director	Jerzy Skolimowski
With Friends Like These...	director	Philip Frank Messina
Once Upon a Time in Manila	director	Tony Y. Reyes
The Angel Wore Red	director	Nunnally Johnson
Bug Me Not!	director	Law Chi-leung
Mr. Monk Meets His Dad	director	Jerry Levine
The Decameron (1971 film)	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
Believe It or Not, Joe's Walking on Air	director	Julius Wu
Airport '07	director	John Holmquist
The Brides in the Bath	director	Harry Bradbeer
Gold Raiders	director	Edward Bernds
Desire (1936 film)	director	Frank Borzage
Duel of Fists	director	Chang Cheh
Knight Without Armour	director	Jacques Feyder
Jigsaw (film)	director	Fletcher Markle
Khosla Ka Ghosla	director	Dibakar Banerjee
Golden Earrings	director	Mitchell Leisen
Martin Roumagnac	director	Georges Lacombe (film director)
Follow the Boys	director	A. Edward Sutherland
I Know Who Killed Me	director	Chris Sivertson
Brothers in Arms (Robin Hood)	director	Declan O'Dwyer (director)
Danielle Steel's Star	director	Michael Miller
Resurrection (1999 film)	director	Russell Mulcahy
Karen Harris (writer)	director	Roy Steinberg
Rhythm and Weep	director	Jules White
March or Die (film)	director	Dick Richards
Money (film)	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
Amphibian Man (film)	director	Vladimir Chebotaryov
Amphibian Man (film)	director	Gennadi Kazansky
Billy Liar (film)	director	John Schlesinger
Juan & Ted: Wanted	director	Al Tantay
The Accomplice (The O.C.)	director	Ian Toynton
Me and My Pal (1933 film)	director	Charles Rogers
Me and My Pal (1933 film)	director	Lloyd French
Oliver the Eighth	director	Lloyd French
Going Bye-Bye!	director	Charley Rogers
The Second Chance (The O.C.)	director	Tony Wharmby
The Live Ghost	director	Charley Rogers
Fort Apache, The Bronx	director	Daniel Petrie
The Lonely Hearts Club	director	Ian Toynton
Legionnaire (film)	director	Peter MacDonald (film director)
Xtro II: The Second Encounter	director	Harry Bromley Davenport
Red Road (film)	director	Andrea Arnold
Black Swans	director	Colette Bothof
Malice in the Palace	director	Jules White
The Gamble (film)	director	Tom Ricketts
The Man in the Sombrero	director	Tom Ricketts
Women shall not Weep	director	Christopher Hodson
Unfinished Business (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Robert M. Young (film director)
The Test (The O.C.)	director	Michael Lange
The Rainy Day Women	director	Michael Fresco
Sounds Like	director	Brad Anderson (director)
The Year My Parents Went on Vacation	director	Cao Hamburger
The Walls of Malapaga	director	René Clément
Sangharshana	director	K. Murali Mohan Rao
The Browning Version (1951 film)	director	Anthony Asquith
The One with the Apothecary Table	director	Kevin Bright
The Mallpisode	director	Ian Toynton
Chaahat	director	Mahesh Bhatt
The Abandoned (2006 film)	director	Nacho Cerdà
The Broken Cross (1916 film)	director	Tom Ricketts
The White Rosette	director	Donald MacDonald (actor)
Lillo of the Sulu Seas	director	Tom Ricketts
True Nobility	director	Donald MacDonald (actor)
The Business of Fancydancing	director	Sherman Alexie
Two Girls and a Guy	director	James Toback
Welcome to Korea	director	Gene Reynolds
The Girl from Monday	director	Hal Hartley
The MatchMaker (1997 film)	director	Mark Joffe
The Killing Game (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Finding Judas	director	Deran Sarafian
Unaccompanied Minors	director	Paul Feig
Vinyl (2000 film)	director	Alan Zweig
Kınalı Kar	director	Taner Akvardar
Friendly Fire (2006 film)	director	Michele Civetta
Bardaasht	director	E. Niwas
Gabbia	director	Francesco Roder
Detox (House)	director	Nelson McCormick (director)
Yellow (1998 film)	director	Chris Chan Lee
Blonde Venus	director	Josef von Sternberg
The Orkly Kid	director	Trent Harris
Kathavasheshan	director	T. V. Chandran
The Release of Dan Forbes	director	Donald MacDonald (actor)
The Abandonment	director	Donald MacDonald (actor)
Tug of War (Upstairs, Downstairs)	director	Chevron Cars Ltd
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button (film)	director	David Fincher
Toby McTeague	director	Jean-Claude Lord
Post No Bills	director	Clay Walker (filmmaker)
Laaga Chunari Mein Daag	director	Pradeep Sarkar
Paper Tiger (film)	director	Ken Annakin
Hymn of the Nations	director	Alexandr Hackenschmied
Pro-Life (Masters of Horror)	director	John Carpenter
Ferengi Love Songs	director	René Auberjonois (actor)
Yugandhar	director	K. S. R. Das
The Andromeda Nebula	director	Yevgeni Sherstobitov
Flow on Mic, Skate on Board	director	Raishid Muhammad
The Fate of the Dolphin	director	Tom Ricketts
Wake Up, Ron Burgundy: The Lost Movie	director	Adam McKay
It Ain't Hay	director	Erle C. Kenton
Safe (House)	director	Félix Enríquez Alcalá
In Society	director	Jean Yarbrough
Sofia's Choice	director	James Hayman
Die Liebenden vom Hotel von Osman	director	İdil Üner
Bhoothakkannadi	director	A. K. Lohithadas
Youth's Endearing Charm	director	William C. Dowlan
Of Human Bondage (1934 film)	director	John Cromwell (director)
Dulcie's Adventure	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
Secret Ballot (film)	director	Babak Payami
Beloved Rogues	director	Alfred Santell
Al-Yateematain	director	Hassan al-Imam
My Fighting Gentleman	director	Edward Sloman
The Blaze of Glory	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
Rudaali	director	Kalpana Lajmi
Snow White (2001 film)	director	Caroline Thompson
Miami Rhapsody	director	David Frankel
Blaze (film)	director	Ron Shelton
Investigation of a Citizen Above Suspicion	director	Elio Petri
The Prize (1963 film)	director	Mark Robson
Madhoshi	director	Tanveer Ahmed
A Cosmic Christmas	director	Clive A. Smith
Hilda Crane	director	Philip Dunne (writer)
Confession (miniseries)	director	Alexander Sokurov
The Garden of the Finzi-Continis (film)	director	Vittorio De Sica
O Cheiro do Ralo	director	Heitor Dhalia
Malone (film)	director	Harley Cokeliss
Blood in the Face (1991 film)	director	Kevin Rafferty
Blood in the Face (1991 film)	director	James Ridgeway
Jasmine Women	director	Hou Yong
Rogues of Sherwood Forest	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Case Closed: The Private Eyes' Requiem	director	Yasuichiro Yamamoto
Nightmare at Bittercreek	director	Tim Burstall
Hola, ¿estás sola?	director	Icíar Bollaín
Dishonored	director	Josef von Sternberg
The Tale of Ruby Rose	director	Roger Scholes
Angel (1937 film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Cosmic Voyage	director	Bayley Silleck
Respiro	director	Emanuele Crialese
Hukkle	director	György Pálfi
H. M. Pulham, Esq.	director	King Vidor
AD/BC: A Rock Opera	director	Richard Ayoade
That's Carry On!	director	Gerald Thomas
Camille (1936 film)	director	George Cukor
Camille (1915 film)	director	Albert Capellani
Whac-A-Mole (House)	director	Daniel Sackheim
Tycoon (2002 film)	director	Pavel Lungin
The Hitcher (2007 film)	director	Dave Meyers (director)
Get Out Your Handkerchiefs	director	Bertrand Blier
Secrets of Women	director	Ingmar Bergman
The Screwfly Solution (Masters of Horror)	director	Joe Dante
A Lesson in Love	director	Ingmar Bergman
Unconquered	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Tin Drum (film)	director	Volker Schlöndorff
Intergalactic Thanksgiving	director	Clive A. Smith
Birdz	director	Larry Jacobs
Camille (1917 film)	director	J. Gordon Edwards
Camille (1927 film)	director	Fred Niblo
Camille 2000	director	Radley Metzger
Adavi Ramudu (2004 film)	director	B. Gopal
Rakht	director	Mahesh Manjrekar
Gunaah (2002 film)	director	Amol Shetge
Ishq Hai Tumse	director	G. Krishna
Fallout (Heroes)	director	John Badham
Australia (2008 film)	director	Baz Luhrmann
Begin the Beguine (film)	director	José Luis Garci
A Benihana Christmas	director	Harold Ramis
Before and After (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Allan Kroeker
Habitat (film)	director	Rene Daalder
Panaghoy sa Suba	director	Cesar Montano
Godsend (Heroes)	director	Paul Shapiro (director)
The Fix (Heroes)	director	Terrence O'Hara
A Shot at Glory	director	Michael Corrente
Once More, with Feeling!	director	Stanley Donen
It Happened to Jane	director	Richard Quine
The Possible	director	Witthaya Thongyooyong
The Debt Collector	director	Anthony Neilson
The One with Chandler and Monica's Wedding	director	Kevin Bright
Out of the Blue: Live at Wembley	director	Michael Mansfield (disambiguation)
Herakles (film)	director	Werner Herzog
Chac: Dios de la lluvia	director	Rolando Klein
Muddina Maava	director	Om Sai Prakash
Assassination (film)	director	Masahiro Shinoda
Drums of Fu Manchu	director	William Witney
Drums of Fu Manchu	director	John English (director)
Family Resemblances	director	Cédric Klapisch
A Sunday in Kigali	director	Robert Favreau
Wingmen (The Boondocks)	director	Seung Eun Kim
The Indian Runner	director	Sean Penn
Restless Knights	director	Charles Lamont
Himalaya Singh	director	Wai Ka-Fai
Exte	director	Sion Sono
Pop Goes the Easel	director	Del Lord
Here Come the Co-Eds	director	Jean Yarbrough
The Assault (film)	director	Fons Rademakers
Vis à Vis (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
Dog Dale Afternoon	director	Tricia Garcia
Susie the Little Blue Coupe	director	Clyde Geronimi
Ciulinii Bărăganului	director	Louis Daquin
Ciulinii Bărăganului	director	Gheorghe Vitanidis
Revenge of the Lutefisk	director	Jack Dyer
To Market, to Market (M*A*S*H)	director	Michael O'Herlihy
Distant Origin	director	David Livingston
Channelling Baby	director	Christine Parker
'night, Mother (film)	director	Tom Moore (director)
Daredevils of the Red Circle	director	William Witney
Daredevils of the Red Circle	director	John English (director)
Tom thumb (film)	director	George Pal
Abbott and Costello in Hollywood	director	S. Sylvan Simon
Discovery (music video)	director	Mike Mansfield
Little Giant	director	William A. Seiter
The Fighting Devil Dogs	director	William Witney
The Fighting Devil Dogs	director	John English (director)
The Time of Their Lives	director	Charles Barton
Ayya (film)	director	Hari (director)
Tribute (film)	director	Bob Clark
Evano Oruvan	director	Nishikant Kamat
Naan Aval Adhu	director	Kona Venkat
Poitín (film)	director	Bob Quinn
Peter-No-Tail (film)	director	Stig Lasseby
Peter-No-Tail (film)	director	Jan Gissberg
Pardon My Scotch	director	Del Lord
The Mystery of the Third Planet	director	Roman Abelevich Kachanov
Hoi Polloi (1935 film)	director	Del Lord
The Uchōten Hotel	director	Kōki Mitani
No Name on the Bullet	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Displaced (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Allan Kroeker
An Unreasonable Man	director	Henriette Mantel
An Unreasonable Man	director	Steve Skrovan
Deadline: Sirf 24 Ghante	director	Tanveer Ahmed
Yawm Said	director	Mohammed Karim
Rossassa Fel Qalb	director	Mohammed Karim
The Wedding (TV miniseries)	director	Charles Burnett (director)
Buck Privates Come Home	director	Charles Barton
The Soong Sisters (film)	director	Mabel Cheung
Escape from Jupiter	director	Fumitaka Tamura
Escape from Jupiter	director	Kate Woods
Tattoo? What Tattoo?	director	Declan O'Dwyer (director)
Zorro Rides Again	director	William Witney
Zorro Rides Again	director	John English (director)
Wood & Stock: Sexo, Orégano e Rock'n'Roll	director	Otto Guerra
The Wistful Widow of Wagon Gap	director	Charles Barton
The Possession of Joel Delaney	director	Waris Hussein
The Tiger Woman (1944 film)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Tiger Woman (1944 film)	director	Wallace Grissell
Heyy Babyy	director	Sajid Khan (director)
Wild Guitar	director	Ray Dennis Steckler
Blind Date (1984 film)	director	Nico Mastorakis
Houdini (film)	director	George Marshall (director)
Offers	director	Dana Nechushtan
Live Fast and Prosper	director	LeVar Burton
The Noose Hangs High	director	Charles Barton
Judgment Day (1999 film)	director	John Terlesky
Urban Menace	director	Albert Pyun
Alice's Birthday	director	Sergey Seryogin
Runin: Banished	director	Eiji Okuda
Odette (film)	director	Herbert Wilcox
Night Plane from Chungking	director	Ralph Murphy
Peking Express (film)	director	William Dieterle
The Long Way Home (1997 film)	director	Mark Jonathan Harris
Another Wild Idea	director	Charley Chase
Another Wild Idea	director	Eddie Dunn (actor)
Any Day Now (film)	director	Roeland Kerbosch
Maya Lin: A Strong Clear Vision	director	Freida Lee Mock
The Ape Man	director	William Beaudine
Topsy and Bunker: The Cat Killers	director	Thomas Massengale
Aatamin puvussa ja vähän Eevankin (1931 film)	director	Jaakko Korhonen
Home Fires (Upstairs, Downstairs)	director	Bill Bain (director)
Ascension (The X-Files)	director	Michael Lange
3 (The X-Files)	director	David Nutter
Absolute Guitar	director	Markus Viljanen
Method (film)	director	Duncan Roy
Acrobats (film)	director	Johan Karrento
Careful (film)	director	Guy Maddin
Noble House (TV miniseries)	director	Gary Nelson (director)
Home Movies (film)	director	Brian De Palma
Barefoot in the Park (film)	director	Gene Saks
Valerie on the Stairs	director	Mick Garris
She Shoulda Said No!	director	Sam Newfield
Mexican Hayride	director	Charles Barton
Pinocchio in Outer Space	director	Ray Goossens
Sharky's Machine (film)	director	Burt Reynolds
Bodies in Motion	director	Richard J. Lewis
Samantha: An American Girl Holiday	director	Nadia Tass
Cicak Man	director	KRU
In the Shadow of the Stars	director	Allie Light
In the Shadow of the Stars	director	Irving Saraf
Ganayogi Panchakshari Gavayi	director	Chindodi Bangaresh
Gramma (The Twilight Zone)	director	Bradford May
Paperhouse (film)	director	Bernard Rose (director)
A Rage in Harlem (film)	director	Bill Duke
Orquesta Tipica	director	Nicolas Entel
Madhumasam	director	Chandra Siddhartha
Les Compères	director	Francis Veber
Tulips (film)	director	Rex Bromfield
Tulips (film)	director	Al Waxman
Agentti 000 ja kuoleman kurvit	director	Visa Mäkinen
The Love Bug (1997 film)	director	Peyton Reed
On the Trail of Igor Rizzi	director	Noël Mitrani
The Visitation (film)	director	Robby Henson
Full Disclosure (short film)	director	Douglas Horn
Holi (film)	director	Ketan Mehta
Cotton Comes to Harlem	director	Ossie Davis
Pittsburgh (1942 film)	director	Lewis Seiler
La Cité de la peur	director	Alain Berbérian
Karamoja (film)	director	William B. Treutle
Dr. Jekyll and Ms. Hyde	director	David Price
After Shave (1999 film)	director	Noël Mitrani
Kwaheri	director	David Chudnow
Kwaheri	director	Thor Brooks
Muse (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Mike Vejar
Hana (film)	director	Hirokazu Koreeda
One Too Many	director	Erle C. Kenton
Ruthless (film)	director	Edgar G. Ulmer
Who's Minding the Mint?	director	Howard Morris
Sleep with Me	director	Rory Kelly
The Last Sunset (film)	director	Robert Aldrich
Dil Tera Aashiq	director	Lawrence D'Souza
Remarkable Power	director	Brandon Beckner
Olsenbanden tar gull	director	Knut Bohwim
Last Holiday (1950 film)	director	Henry Cass
Disorder in the Court	director	Jack White (film producer)
Anna Karenina (1935 film)	director	Clarence Brown
Sweet (film)	director	James Pilkington (director)
Al Haram	director	Henry Barakat
Ab Tumhare Hawale Watan Saathiyo	director	Anil Sharma
Sing a Song of Six Pants	director	Jules White
Adventures of Red Ryder	director	William Witney
Adventures of Red Ryder	director	John English (director)
The State of Things (film)	director	Wim Wenders
10 Items or Less (film)	director	Brad Silberling
Jungle Girl (serial)	director	William Witney
Jungle Girl (serial)	director	John English (director)
Flight Lieutenant (film)	director	Sidney Salkow
Down and Out in America	director	Lee Grant
Broken Rainbow (film)	director	Maria Florio
Broken Rainbow (film)	director	Victoria Mudd
He Makes Me Feel Like Dancin'	director	Emile Ardolino
Genocide (film)	director	Arnold Schwartzman
Bringing Rain	director	Noah Buschel
Araf (film)	director	Biray Dalkiran
Run Fatboy Run	director	David Schwimmer
Naked Childhood	director	Maurice Pialat
Who Are the DeBolts? And Where Did They Get Nineteen Kids?	director	John Korty
Hero (1987 film)	director	Tony Maylam
Forever (House)	director	Daniel Sackheim
The Great American Cowboy	director	Kieth Merrill
Raam (2006 film)	director	Nimmala Shankar
Captain January (1924 film)	director	Edward F. Cline
Captain January (1936 film)	director	David Butler (director)
East of Everything	director	Stuart McDonald
East of Everything	director	Matthew Saville
The Librarians (TV series)	director	Wayne Hope
The Librarians (TV series)	director	Tony Martin (comedian)
T-Rex: Back to the Cretaceous	director	Brett Leonard
The Medium (1992 film)	director	Arthur Smith
Sacred Ground (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
Maria Marten, or The Murder in the Red Barn	director	Milton Rosmer
Abbott and Costello in the Foreign Legion	director	Charles Lamont
People Not as Bad as They Seem	director	Rauni Mollberg
Step Across the Border	director	Nicolas Humbert
Step Across the Border	director	Werner Penzel
The Story of Dr. Wassell	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Duet (film)	director	K. Balachander
A Guide for the Married Man	director	Gene Kelly
What Love Is	director	Mars Callahan
Dek hor	director	Songyos Sugmakanan
The Thing That Couldn't Die	director	Will Cowan
Evil Breed: The Legend of Samhain	director	Christian Viel
The New Country	director	Geir Hansteen Jörgensen
La Bête Humaine (film)	director	Jean Renoir
Stiff Upper Lips	director	Gary Sinyor
Crimes at the Dark House	director	George King (film director)
La Primera Noche	director	Alberto Restrepo
Lakeer – Forbidden Lines	director	Ahmed Khan (choreographer)
Dus (1997 film)	director	Mukul S. Anand
Renegades (1989 film)	director	Jack Sholder
The Marriage Circle	director	Ernst Lubitsch
The Marriage Circle	director	Henry Blanke
Dick Tracy (serial)	director	Alan James
Dick Tracy (serial)	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Pontianak Harum Sundal Malam	director	Shuhaimi Baba
Tiger Shark (film)	director	Howard Hawks
Humoresque (film)	director	Jean Negulesco
Best Foot Forward (film)	director	Edward Buzzell
Lured	director	Douglas Sirk
Doaa al-Karawan	director	Henry Barakat
The World According to Garp (film)	director	George Roy Hill
Journey of Hope (film)	director	Xavier Koller
The Angel of Mercy	director	Youssef Wahbi
Big Nothing	director	Jean-Baptiste Andrea
Sayonara Jupiter (film)	director	Koji Hashimoto (director)
Sayonara Jupiter (film)	director	Sakyo Komatsu
Snake in the Monkey's Shadow	director	Cheung Sum
Dead Ringer (1964 film)	director	Paul Henreid
Shankar Dada Zindabad	director	Prabhu Deva
Poster Boy (film)	director	Zak Tucker
The Castaways on Gilligan's Island	director	Earl Bellamy
Shinjuku Triad Society	director	Takashi Miike
Young Doctors in Love	director	Garry Marshall
Rainy Dog	director	Takashi Miike
Pippi Longstocking (1969 TV series)	director	Olle Hellbom
An Ache in Every Stake	director	Del Lord
Termites of 1938	director	Del Lord
Dunked in the Deep	director	Jules White
Comin' Round the Mountain	director	Charles Lamont
Yellow Jack	director	George B. Seitz
Sorrowful Jones	director	Sidney Lanfield
A Thing or Two About Loyalty	director	Graeme Harper
Get Smart (film)	director	Peter Segal
A Man, a Woman, and a Bank	director	Noel Black
Desh Premee	director	Manmohan Desai
Demon (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Anson Williams
One Touch of Venus (film)	director	William A. Seiter
The Runaway Bus	director	Val Guest
Taxi zum Klo	director	Frank Ripploh
Unnale Unnale	director	Jeeva (director)
The Sleeping Beauty (The O.C.)	director	Ian Toynton
Violent Is the Word for Curly	director	Charley Chase
Grizzly Tales for Gruesome Kids	director	Jamie Rix
One Breath	director	R. W. Goodwin
Merry Little Christmas	director	Tony To
Citizen Baines	director	Christopher Chulack
Citizen Baines	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
Citizen Baines	director	Charles Haid
Citizen Baines	director	Dwight H. Little
Firewalker (The X-Files)	director	David Nutter
Who's Your Daddy? (House)	director	Martha Mitchell (director)
The Bride Wore Boots	director	Irving Pichel
Diamonds (1999 film)	director	John Mallory Asher
The Mommies (TV series)	director	Frank Bonner
The Mommies (TV series)	director	Terry Hughes (director)
The Mommies (TV series)	director	Joanna Kerns
The Mommies (TV series)	director	Tim O'Donnell (director)
The Internecine Project	director	Ken Hughes
Tahader Katha	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Tracy Does Conan	director	Adam Bernstein
Blind Date (30 Rock)	director	Adam Bernstein
Tassels in the Air	director	Charley Chase
The Aftermath (30 Rock)	director	Adam Bernstein
The Rural Juror	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Bagong Buwan	director	Marilou Diaz-Abaya
Strange Attractors	director	Tucker Gates
Lost in Alaska	director	Jean Yarbrough
House of Himiko	director	Isshin Inudo
Hamoun (film)	director	Dariush Mehrjui
Rudraksh (film)	director	Mani Shankar
Toe Tags (CSI)	director	Jeffrey Hunt
When the Sky Falls	director	John Mackenzie (director)
Double-Cross (CSI)	director	Michael Slovis
The Heart of Rock 'N' Roll	director	Walter C. Miller
Burn Out (CSI)	director	Alec Smight
Post Mortem (CSI)	director	Richard J. Lewis
Happenstance (CSI)	director	Jean de Segonzac
Living Legend (CSI)	director	Martha Coolidge
Gunhed (film)	director	Masato Harada
1. April 2000	director	Wolfgang Liebeneiner
The Passage (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Nankin
Le Révélateur	director	Philippe Garrel
Palanati Brahmanaidu (film)	director	B. Gopal
S.O.S. Eisberg	director	Arnold Fanck
S.O.S. Eisberg	director	Tay Garnett
Shart: The Challenge	director	Puri Jagannadh
Naam (1986 film)	director	Mahesh Bhatt
King Cobra (film)	director	David Hillenbrand
King Cobra (film)	director	Scott Hillenbrand
Peter-No-Tail in Americat	director	Stig Lasseby
Peter-No-Tail in Americat	director	Jan Gissberg
Thillu Mullu	director	K. Balachander
Let It Snow (film)	director	Adam Marcus
Bread and Chocolate	director	Franco Brusati
S. P. Parasuram	director	Raviraja Pinisetty
Rowdy Alludu	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Yamudiki Mogudu	director	Ravi Raja Pinisetty
The Gentleman	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Infinite Justice (film)	director	Jamil Dehlavi
Kings of the Sun	director	J. Lee Thompson
December 7th (film)	director	John Ford
December 7th (film)	director	Gregg Toland
Saudagar (1991 film)	director	Subhash Ghai
Ring of Steel (film)	director	Garson Kanin
Aika tappaa	director	Timo Puustinen
Aikalainen	director	Timo Puustinen
Aidankaatajat eli heidän jälkeensä vedenpaisumus	director	Olli Soinio
Chinnodu	director	Kanmani
Prem Nagar (1971 film)	director	Prakash Rao
Sports Medicine (House)	director	Keith Gordon
You're in the Navy Now	director	Henry Hathaway
Love & Sex	director	Valerie Breiman
Bilut	director	Bade Hj Azmi
Cuadecuc, vampir	director	Pere Portabella
Umbracle	director	Pere Portabella
What's Good for the Goose	director	Menahem Golan
Love + Hate	director	Dominic Savage
Napoléon (1955 film)	director	Sacha Guitry
Super 8½	director	Bruce LaBruce
Nuvve Nuvve	director	Trivikram Srinivas
In Desert and Wilderness (film)	director	Wladyslaw Slesicki
In Desert and Wilderness (film)  In Desert and Wilderness   1	director	Gavin Hood
Abbott and Costello Meet the Keystone Kops	director	Charles Lamont
The Alphabet Murders	director	Frank Tashlin
Hardwicke House	director	John Stroud (director)
Life Without Soul	director	Joseph W. Smiley
Women in Cages	director	Gerardo de León
Blithe Spirit (film)	director	David Lean
Flame and the Flesh	director	Richard Brooks
Dick Tracy's G-Men	director	William Witney
Dick Tracy's G-Men	director	John English (director)
French Twist (Gilmore Girls)	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
Naan Avanillai (2007 film)	director	Selva (director)
Agni Sakshi (1996 film)	director	Parto Ghosh
Billa (1980 film)	director	R. Krishnamurthy
The Last Best Year	director	John Erman
King of the Royal Mounted (serial)	director	William Witney
King of the Royal Mounted (serial)	director	John English (director)
The Vigilantes Are Coming	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Vigilantes Are Coming	director	Mack V. Wright
Darkest Africa	director	B. Reeves Eason
Darkest Africa	director	Joseph Kane
The Painted Stallion	director	Alan James
The Painted Stallion	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Painted Stallion	director	William Witney
Robinson Crusoe of Clipper Island	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Robinson Crusoe of Clipper Island	director	Mack V. Wright
The Lone Ranger (serial)	director	William Witney
The Lone Ranger (serial)	director	John English (director)
The Lone Ranger Rides Again	director	William Witney
The Lone Ranger Rides Again	director	John English (director)
Dick Tracy Returns	director	William Witney
Dick Tracy Returns	director	John English (director)
Hawk of the Wilderness	director	William Witney
Hawk of the Wilderness	director	John English (director)
Sherlock Holmes and the House of Fear	director	Roy William Neill
Perils of Nyoka	director	William Witney
King of the Texas Rangers	director	William Witney
King of the Texas Rangers	director	John English (director)
Dick Tracy vs. Crime, Inc.	director	William Witney
Dick Tracy vs. Crime, Inc.	director	John English (director)
Spy Smasher (serial)	director	William Witney
King of the Mounties	director	William Witney
Daredevils of the West	director	John English (director)
G-Men vs the Black Dragon	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
G-Men vs the Black Dragon	director	William Witney
G-Men vs the Black Dragon	director	William J O'Sullivan
Secret Service in Darkest Africa	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Boo! (film)	director	Albert DeMond
The Education of Shelby Knox	director	Marion Lipschutz
The Education of Shelby Knox	director	Rose Rosenblatt
Forced Vengeance	director	James Fargo
Cursed (House)	director	Daniel Sackheim
Mob Rules (House)	director	Tim Hunter (director)
A Chairy Tale	director	Claude Jutra
A Chairy Tale	director	Norman McLaren
A Chairy Tale	director	Evelyn Lambart
The Night Flier (film)	director	Mark Pavia
The Deer Hunters	director	Alan Myerson
The Genius Club	director	Tim Chey
Four Dogs Playing Poker	director	Paul Rachman
Trinetrudu	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
They Call Him Sasquatch (film)	director	David H. Venghaus Jr.
Alliances (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Les Landau
Meld (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Cliff Bole
The Midas Touch (1997 film)	director	Peter Manoogian
Lifesigns (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Cliff Bole
Jabb Love Hua	director	Tony Singh
Innocence (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	James L. Conway
À la folie	director	Diane Kurys
Chavit (film)	director	Carlo J. Caparas
Forget Paris	director	Billy Crystal
...But the Olsen Gang Wasn't Dead	director	Knut Bohwim
Desideria e l'Anello del Drago	director	Lamberto Bava
Live in Barcelona	director	Chris Hilson
Federal Operator 99	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Federal Operator 99	director	Yakima Canutt
Federal Operator 99	director	Wallace Grissell
Manhunt of Mystery Island	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Manhunt of Mystery Island	director	Yakima Canutt
Manhunt of Mystery Island	director	Wallace Grissell
Haunted Harbor	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Haunted Harbor	director	Wallace Grissell
The Phantom Rider (Republic serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Phantom Rider (Republic serial)	director	Fred C. Brannon
The Purple Monster Strikes	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Purple Monster Strikes	director	Fred C. Brannon
Daughter of Don Q	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Daughter of Don Q	director	Fred C. Brannon
King of the Forest Rangers	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
King of the Forest Rangers	director	Fred C. Brannon
Jesse James Rides Again	director	Fred C. Brannon
Jesse James Rides Again	director	Thomas Carr (director)
The Black Widow (serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Black Widow (serial)	director	Fred C. Brannon
Son of Zorro	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Son of Zorro	director	Fred C. Brannon
G-Men Never Forget	director	Fred C. Brannon
G-Men Never Forget	director	Yakima Canutt
Dangers of the Canadian Mounted	director	Fred C. Brannon
Dangers of the Canadian Mounted	director	Yakima Canutt
Adventures of Frank and Jesse James	director	Fred C. Brannon
Adventures of Frank and Jesse James	director	Yakima Canutt
Federal Agents vs. Underworld, Inc	director	Fred C. Brannon
King of the Rocket Men	director	Fred C. Brannon
The James Brothers of Missouri	director	Fred C. Brannon
Ghost of Zorro	director	Fred C. Brannon
Radar Patrol vs. Spy King	director	Fred C. Brannon
Paper Soldiers	director	Damon Dash
Away All Boats	director	Joseph Pevney
D-Day the Sixth of June	director	Henry Koster
Song of the Open Road	director	S. Sylvan Simon
The Last Valley	director	James Clavell
Blaumilch Canal	director	Ephraim Kishon
David (1988 film)	director	John Erman
Bonzo Goes to College	director	Frederick de Cordova
The Invisible Monster	director	Fred C. Brannon
Don Daredevil Rides Again	director	Fred C. Brannon
Flying Disc Man from Mars	director	Fred C. Brannon
Government Agents vs. Phantom Legion	director	Fred C. Brannon
Desperadoes of the West	director	Fred C. Brannon
Jungle Drums of Africa	director	Fred C. Brannon
Trader Tom of the China Seas	director	Franklin Adreon
Man with the Steel Whip	director	Franklin Adreon
Canadian Mounties vs. Atomic Invaders	director	Franklin Adreon
Panther Girl of the Kongo	director	Franklin Adreon
King of the Carnival	director	Franklin Adreon
The Cat and the Canary (1979 film)	director	Radley Metzger
Jiminy Glick in Lalawood	director	Vadim Jean
Nancy Goes to Rio	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Tugboat Annie	director	Mervyn LeRoy
China Seas (film)	director	Tay Garnett
Juno and the Paycock (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Loose Shoes	director	Ira Miller
John Doe (Prison Break)	director	Kevin Hooks
Libel (film)	director	Anthony Asquith
I Love You Again	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Vishwatma	director	Rajiv Rai
Mississippi (film)	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Les Contrebandières	director	Luc Moullet
The Dentist (1932 film)	director	Leslie Pearce
Lorelai's First Cotillion (Gilmore Girls)	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
Love the Hard Way	director	Peter Sehr
Lost (1956 film)	director	Guy Green (filmmaker)
The Devil and Daniel Johnston	director	Jeff Feuerzeig
Lost (2004 film)	director	Darren Lemke
Yancy Derringer	director	Richard Sale (director)
Baduk (film)	director	Majid Majidi
Resolutions (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Alexander Singer
Wedding Wars	director	Jim Fall
Singapore Dreaming	director	Woo Yen Yen
Singapore Dreaming	director	Colin Goh
Death Train	director	David Jackson (director)
The Glorious Dead	director	Raymond Menmuir
Premaloka	director	V. Ravichandran
Delhii Heights	director	Anand Kumar
The Go-Between (film)	director	Joseph Losey
Nanking (film)	director	Bill Guttentag
Nanking (film)	director	Dan Sturman
Warlord (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Macrocosm (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Alexander Singer
Fair Trade (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
Holiday in Your Heart	director	Michael Switzer
On Borrowed Time	director	Harold S. Bucquet
Coda (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Nancy Malone
Deewaar (2004 film)	director	Milan Luthria
Unity (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
State's Evidence	director	Benjamin Louis
Ibu Mertuaku	director	P. Ramlee
Not in Portland	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Tiga Abdul	director	P. Ramlee
The Edge (Fox TV series)	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
The Edge (Fox TV series)	director	David Mirkin
The Edge (Fox TV series)	director	Rob Schiller
Labu dan Labi	director	P. Ramlee
Dobrynya Nikitich and Zmey Gorynych	director	Ilya Maksimov
Arthur Rubinstein – The Love of Life	director	Gérard Patris
Arthur Rubinstein – The Love of Life	director	François Reichenbach
Rogue Cop	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
Journey into Self	director	Tom Skinner (director)
The Eleanor Roosevelt Story	director	Richard Kaplan
Robert Frost: A Lover's Quarrel with the World	director	Shirley Clarke
Black Fox: The Rise and Fall of Adolf Hitler	director	Louis Clyde Stoumen
Sky Above and Mud Beneath	director	Pierre Dominique Gaisseau
Serengeti Shall Not Die	director	Bernhard Grzimek
Albert Schweitzer (film)	director	Jerome Hill
Lifeguard (film)	director	Daniel Petrie
Helen Keller in Her Story	director	Nancy Hamilton
Thinking XXX	director	Timothy Greenfield-Sanders
Lions for Lambs	director	Robert Redford
The Confessions Tour	director	Jonas Åkerlund
Where the Lilies Bloom	director	William Graham
Take Down (film)	director	Kieth Merrill
Bobbie's Girl	director	Jeremy Kagan
Crashbox	director	Dave Thomas (director)
The Rats (film)	director	John Lafia
The Asphyx	director	Peter Newbrook
COPE (film)	director	Ronald Jerry
Beyond the Door (1974 film)	director	Ovidio G. Assonitis
National Lampoon's TV: The Movie	director	Sam Maccarone
Rise (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Robert Scheerer
Favorite Son (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Marvin V. Rush
Unforgettable (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Andrew Robinson (actor)
Dust in the Wind (film)	director	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
Stealing Time	director	Marc Fusco
The Boneyard	director	James Cummins (filmmaker)
The Borrower	director	John McNaughton
Night of the Eagle	director	Sidney Hayers
Ita Yuyu	director	RAFA devillamagallón
A Wrinkle in Time (film)	director	John Kent Harrison
Another Year (Upstairs, Downstairs)	director	Cyril Coke
The Keeper: The Legend of Omar Khayyam	director	Kayvan Mashayekh
The Brothers Grim	director	Michael Lange
Billa (2007 film)	director	Vishnuvardhan (director)
I, Claudius (film)	director	Josef von Sternberg
Ultraman Mebius & Ultraman Brothers	director	Kazuya Konaka
The Crimes of Stephen Hawke	director	George King (film director)
Dog Days (2001 film)	director	Ulrich Seidl
Barricade (1939 film)	director	Gregory Ratoff
Tsitsernakaberd	director	Hayk Demoyan
The Runner (1985 film)	director	Amir Naderi
Alien Nation: The Udara Legacy	director	Kenneth Johnson (producer)
The Tale of the White Serpent	director	Taiji Yabushita
The Tale of the White Serpent	director	Kazuhiko Okabe
Navajeros	director	Eloy de la Iglesia
Loco Motives	director	Kenneth Fink
Devil Dog Dawson	director	Karl R. Coolidge
Becoming Dick	director	Bob Saget
Killers from Space	director	W. Lee Wilder
The Eye of Jupiter (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Rymer
Son of Flubber	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Twentynine Palms (film)	director	Bruno Dumont
Burn After Reading	director	Coen brothers
Mary and Rhoda	director	Barnet Kellman
Computer Warriors	director	Bill Kroyer
My Sweet Little Village	director	Jiří Menzel
We Were Young	director	Binka Zhelyazkova
Marlene (1984 film)	director	Maximilian Schell
A sega nakade?	director	Rangel Vulchanov
30 Minutes After Noon	director	David Elliott (director)
Moon Pilot	director	James Neilson (director)
Adaptatziya	director	Vulo Radev
The Painted Veil (1934 film)	director	Richard Boleslavsky
The Beast (2001 TV series)	director	Lou Antonio
The Beast (2001 TV series)	director	Jeff Bleckner
The Beast (2001 TV series)	director	Mimi Leder
Khao Chon Kai	director	Withit Kamsrakaew
Breach (film)	director	Billy Ray (screenwriter)
Harriet Craig	director	Vincent Sherman
The Robonic Stooges	director	Charles August Nichols
The Robonic Stooges	director	Chris Cuddington
Don't Go to Sleep	director	Richard Lang
¿¡Revolución!?	director	Charles Gervais
The Two Waters	director	Carlos Olguin-Trelawny
Boss Nigger	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Rio Adio	director	Ivan Andonov
Viktor Vogel – Commercial Man	director	Lars Kraume
Mathematikum	director	Albrecht Beutelspacher
Kill and Be Killed	director	Manuel Mur Oti
Jagadam	director	Sukumar
The Night They Saved Christmas	director	Jackie Cooper
Off to Havana I Go	director	Luis Bayón Herrera
The Valachi Papers	director	Terence Young (director)
Interview (2003 film)	director	Theo van Gogh (film director)
Naagu	director	Tatineni Prasad
O. Henry's Full House	director	Henry Koster
O. Henry's Full House	director	Henry Hathaway
O. Henry's Full House	director	Jean Negulesco
O. Henry's Full House	director	Howard Hawks
O. Henry's Full House	director	Henry King (director)
Lankeshwarudu	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
A Year in the Death of Jack Richards	director	Benjamin P. Paquette
Interlude (1968 film)	director	Kevin Billington
The Tripper	director	David Arquette
Day of Honor	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
Terkel in Trouble	director	Kresten Vestbjerg Andersen
Terkel in Trouble	director	Thorbjørn Christoffersen
Terkel in Trouble	director	Stefan Fjeldmark
The Summer Bummer	director	Michael Lange
Retribution (film)	director	Kiyoshi Kurosawa
The 47 Ronin	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Balls of Fury	director	Ben Garant
Stomp the Yard	director	Sylvain White
A Man on Death Row	director	David Hugh Jones
My Tutor	director	George Bowers (filmmaker)
It's a Wonderful Life (1994 film)	director	Clifton Ko
The Girl in the Fridge	director	Sanford Bookstaver
The Man in the Fallout Shelter	director	Greg Yaitanes
Susan and God	director	George Cukor
The Woman at the Airport	director	Greg Yaitanes
Two-Faced Woman	director	George Cukor
Closed Door	director	Pedro Escudero
Street Scene (1931 film)	director	King Vidor
A Sangre Fría	director	Daniel Tinayre
Irresistible (The X-Files)	director	David Nutter
Die Hand Die Verletzt	director	Kim Manners
Johnny Got His Gun (film)	director	Dalton Trumbo
Wu yen	director	Johnnie To
Wu yen	director	Wai Ka-Fai
The Risky Business	director	Norman Buckley
The O.C. Confidential	director	Tony Wharmby
Anna Christie (1930 film)	director	Clarence Brown
Parallel Sons	director	John G. Young
Anna Christie (1923 film)	director	John Griffith Wray
Occam's Razor (House)	director	Bryan Singer
Anna Christie (1931 film)	director	Jacques Feyder
Apasionata	director	Kristaq Mitro
Apasionata	director	Ibrahim Muçaj
The ABC of Love	director	Eduardo Coutinho
The ABC of Love	director	Rodolfo Kuhn
The ABC of Love	director	Helvio Soto
Ballad of Kurbin	director	Kujtim Çashku
The Final Sanction (film)	director	David A. Prior
Dance with Me, Henry	director	Charles Barton
Pedar	director	Majid Majidi
Prince Charming (TV film)	director	Allan Arkush
Aida (1953 film)	director	Clemente Fracassi
Broadside (TV series)	director	Jean Yarbrough
Picnic with Weissmann	director	Jan Švankmajer
The World of Abbott and Costello	director	Sidney Miller
Three Little Beers	director	Del Lord
The 30 Foot Bride of Candy Rock	director	Sidney Miller
Ali Baba Bujang Lapok	director	P. Ramlee
Kokoda Front Line!	director	Ken G. Hall
Ants in the Pantry	director	Jack White (film producer)
A Smoky Mountain Christmas	director	Henry Winkler
Autopsy (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
Maternity (House)	director	Newton Thomas Sigel
Damned If You Do	director	Peter Medak
The Socratic Method (House)	director	Peter Medak
They Call Her Cleopatra Wong	director	Bobby A. Suarez
Movie Maniacs	director	Del Lord
A Melody Looking	director	Leon Lai
Madu Tiga	director	P. Ramlee
Faith Like Potatoes	director	Regardt van den Bergh
Wintersleepers	director	Tom Tykwer
Musang Berjanggut	director	P. Ramlee
Billy & Mandy's Big Boogey Adventure	director	Shaun Cashman
Billy & Mandy's Big Boogey Adventure	director	Kris Sherwood
Billy & Mandy's Big Boogey Adventure	director	Gordon Kent
Billy & Mandy's Big Boogey Adventure	director	Matt Engstrom
Billy & Mandy's Big Boogey Adventure	director	Eddy Houchins
Billy & Mandy's Big Boogey Adventure	director	Sue Perrotto
Billy & Mandy's Big Boogey Adventure	director	Robert Alvarez
Billy & Mandy's Big Boogey Adventure	director	Russell Calabrese
Billy & Mandy's Big Boogey Adventure	director	Christine Kolosov
Beloved Beauty	director	Vladimir Degtyaryov
Aap Mujhe Achche Lagne Lage	director	Vikram Bhatt
Run (2004 film)	director	Jeeva
Harajuku Lovers Live	director	Sophie Muller
The Devil at 4 O'Clock	director	Mervyn LeRoy
As You Desire Me (film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
The Monkey's Mask	director	Samantha Lang
Nee Sneham	director	Paruchuri Murali
Deadly Desire	director	Charles Correll
Glass (film)	director	Bert Haanstra
The Trachtenburg Family Slideshow Players: Off & On Broadway	director	Richard Drutman
Opportunity Knocks (film)	director	Donald Petrie
Chaos (2000 film)	director	Hideo Nakata
Open from 18 to 24	director	Víctor Dínenzon
Lefty (1964 film)	director	Ivan Ivanov-Vano
Lefty (1964 film)	director	Vladimir Danilevich
Go There, Don't Know Where	director	Ivan Ivanov-Vano
Go There, Don't Know Where	director	Vladimir Danilevich
The Czech Year	director	Jiří Trnka
No Fits, No Fights, No Feuds	director	Sanaa Hamri
The Lost Letter	director	Lamis Bredis
The Lost Letter	director	Zinaida Brumberg
The Lost Letter	director	Valentina Brumberg
Ahmad Albab	director	P. Ramlee
Aurora Borealis (film)	director	James C.E. Burke
Gods and Generals (film)	director	Ronald F. Maxwell
George Carlin: Again!	director	Marty Callner
Shikhar (film)	director	John Matthew Matthan
El Abuelo	director	Román Viñoly Barreto
I Went Down	director	Paddy Breathnach
Abuso de confianza	director	Mario C. Lugones
Peace? Off!	director	Graeme Harper
The Leap Years	director	Jean Yeo
Academia El Tango Argentino	director	Julio Irigoyen
Black Shampoo	director	Greydon Clark
Stigma (film)	director	David E. Durston
Captain Corelli's Mandolin (film)	director	John Madden (director)
Accident 703	director	José María Forqué
Serpico (TV series)	director	Reza Badiyi
Serpico (TV series)	director	Robert Markowitz
Serpico (TV series)	director	Paul Stanley (director)
Serpico (TV series)	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
The Supporter	director	Carlos Orgambide
Beautiful People (film)	director	Jasmin Dizdar
El Apóstol	director	Quirino Cristiani
Premeditated Murder (film)	director	Gorčin Stojanović
Man Hunt (1985 film)	director	Fabrizio De Angelis
Pravda (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Alex Zakrzewski
Stress Position	director	Frank Prinzi
Asterix & Obelix: Mission Cleopatra	director	Alain Chabat
Wrongful Life (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Darnell Martin
Kill or Be Killed (film)	director	Ivan Hall
The Cry Baby Killer	director	Jus Addiss
Half Shot Shooters	director	Jack White (film producer)
The Naked Prey	director	Cornel Wilde
The Attic (2008 film)	director	Mary Lambert
Fear of Clowns	director	Kevin Kangas
Concerning Flight	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
The Female Prince	director	Chow Sze-Loke
Deep Water (film)	director	Louise Osmond
Deep Water (film)	director	Jerry Rothwell
Cold Turkey (film)	director	Norman Lear
Going Greek	director	Justin Zackham
Hair High	director	Bill Plympton
The Motel (film)	director	Michael Kang (director)
Every Child (film)	director	Eugene Fedorenko
Invitation to the Dance (film)	director	Gene Kelly
The Crimson Palm	director	Chan Yau-San
The Golden Boys	director	Daniel Adams (director)
Aconcagua (film)	director	Leo Fleider
Acosada	director	Alberto Dubois
Acrobacias del Corazón	director	María Teresa Costantini
100 Days (1991 film)	director	Parto Ghosh
The Oddball Couple	director	Gerry Chiniquy
The Oddball Couple	director	Robert McKimson
Yaraana (1995 film)	director	David Dhawan
Calle 54	director	Fernando Trueba
The Act in Question	director	Alejandro Agresti
Prisoner of the Mountains	director	Sergei Bodrov
The Accused (1960 film)	director	The Accused (1960 film)
Adela (film)	director	Eduardo Mignogna
Goodbye Argentina	director	Mario Parpagnoli
Apna Sapna Money Money	director	Sangeeth Sivan
Goodbye Buenos Aires	director	Leopoldo Torres Ríos
Dharma Chakram	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
Mamma Mia! (film)	director	Phyllida Lloyd
Slipstream (1989 film)	director	Steven Lisberger
The Man of the Year (The O.C.)	director	Ian Toynton
Sammy's Super T-Shirt	director	Jeremy Summers
Housewife, 49	director	Gavin Millar
Whistle Down the Wind (film)	director	Bryan Forbes
Why Did I Get Married?	director	Tyler Perry
The End of Innocence (The O.C.)	director	Michael Lange
The Last Waltz (The O.C.)	director	Ian Toynton
Offside (2006 Iranian film)	director	Jafar Panahi
The Perfect Storm (The O.C.)	director	Tony Wharmby
The Swells	director	Michael Fresco
The Anger Management	director	Michael Fresco
The Game Plan (The O.C.)	director	Tate Donovan
The Disconnect	director	Tony Wharmby
The Safe Harbor	director	Tony Wharmby
The Chrismukkah Bar-Mitzvahkkah	director	Ian Toynton
The Sister Act	director	Ian Tonyton
The Pot Stirrer	director	Norman Buckley
The Cliffhanger	director	Michael Lange
Captain America (serial)	director	Elmer Clifton
Captain America (serial)	director	John English (director)
Scientific Method (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Flesh and Fantasy	director	Julien Duvivier
Aquanoids	director	Reinhart Peschke
Fakin' da Funk	director	Tim Chey
Words and Deeds	director	Daniel Sackheim
The Mist (film)	director	Frank Darabont
Undoing (film)	director	Chris Chan Lee
Why Me, Sweetie?!	director	Jingle Ma
Crippled Avengers	director	Chang Cheh
Karmic Mahjong	director	Wang Guangli
Kung Fu Mahjong 2	director	Wong Jing
My Tale Is Hot	director	Peter Perry
My Tale Is Hot	director	Dan Sonney
Kamome Shokudo	director	Naoko Ogigami
Kjærlighetens kjøtere	director	Hans Petter Moland
The Hero's Farewell	director	Bill Bain (director)
One Hour to Zero	director	Jeremy Summers
Come Play Wiz Me	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Rivers of Sand	director	Robert Gardner (anthropologist)
Les Bicyclettes de Belsize	director	Douglas Hickox
Girl with Hyacinths	director	Hasse Ekman
The Fuller Brush Girl	director	Lloyd Bacon
Cash (2007 film)	director	Anubhav Sinha
Prison (1949 film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
Harold and Sylvia Greenberg Theatre	director	American University
Manon 70	director	Jean Aurel
Bachelor Party Vegas	director	Eric Bernt
In the Labyrinth (film)	director	Roman Kroitor
In the Labyrinth (film)	director	Colin Low (filmmaker)
In the Labyrinth (film)	director	Death of Hugh O'Connor
Flower and Snake	director	Masaru Konuma
Forest of Bliss	director	Robert Gardner (anthropologist)
One Stone Two Birds	director	Chu Yen-ping
First Monday in October (film)	director	Ronald Neame
The Heavy Lifting	director	Ian Tonyton
The Road Warrior (The O.C.)	director	Michael Fresco
The Journey (The O.C.)	director	Roxann Dawson
The Undertow (The O.C.)	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
The Secrets and Lies	director	Michael Fresco
The Day After Tomorrow (The O.C.)	director	Norman Buckley
The Chrismukk-huh?	director	Ian Toynton
A Pain in the Pullman	director	Jack White (film producer)
False Alarms (1936 film)	director	Del Lord
Dirty Country	director	Joe Pickett
Dirty Country	director	Nick Prueher
The Barber of Siberia	director	Nikita Mikhalkov
The Wild Dogs	director	Thom Fitzgerald
Dead Man's Bluff	director	Aleksei Balabanov
Eagle vs Shark	director	Taika Waititi
A Family Thing (film)	director	Richard Pearce (film director)
Unsub (TV series)	director	Corey Allen
Unsub (TV series)	director	James A. Contner
Unsub (TV series)	director	Jim Johnston (director)
Kaagaz Ke Phool	director	Guru Dutt
The Ferryman (film)	director	Chris Graham
Mamiya kyodai	director	Yoshimitsu Morita
THE...Kopanoi	director	Giorgos Konstadinou
Salaviinanpolttajat	director	Louis Sparre
Salaviinanpolttajat	director	Teuvo Puro
Fall from Grace (1990 film)	director	Karen Arthur
Adiós muchachos	director	Armando Bó
Adiós problemas	director	Kurt Land
Adiós pampa mía	director	Manuel Romero
Welcome to Hollywood	director	Tony Markes
Welcome to Hollywood	director	Adam Rifkin
The Third Miracle	director	Agnieszka Holland
China Moon	director	John Bailey (cinematographer)
Savage Nights	director	Cyril Collard
Two Heads Are Better Than None	director	Michael Grossman
DNR (House)	director	Frederick King Keller
Bratz: The Movie	director	Sean McNamara (director)
The Tattooist	director	Peter Burger
Desmond & the Swamp Barbarian Trap	director	Magnus Carlsson (illustrator)
Vice and Virtue	director	Roger Vadim
Hunters (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
This Thing of Ours	director	Danny Provenzano
Prey (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Allan Eastman
Death for Five Voices	director	Werner Herzog
Retrospect (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
The Mysterons (Captain Scarlet episode)	director	Desmond Saunders
Goodbye Dear Moon	director	Fernando Spiner
Misgivings	director	Ernest Dickerson
Visible Secret 2	director	Abe Kwong
Slim till Dead	director	Marco Mak
One Armed Boxer	director	Jimmy Wang (actor)
Whoops, I'm an Indian!	director	Del Lord
Shattered City: The Halifax Explosion	director	Bruce Pittman
Slippery Silks	director	Jack White (film producer)
The Trial of R. Kelly	director	Anthony Bell (director)
Christmas with the Dickinsons	director	Troll 2
The Girl in the Park	director	David Auburn
The Death Collector	director	Ralph De Vito
Christmas Evil	director	Lewis Jackson (director)
Breakfast with Scot	director	Laurie Lynd
Adiós, abuelo	director	Emilio Vieyra
The Annunciation (film)	director	András Jeles
Apuesta por un amor	director	Alfredo Gurrola
Crime School	director	Lewis Seiler
Le Sauvage	director	Jean-Paul Rappeneau
Summer with the Ghosts	director	Bernd Neuburger
Missing Believed Killed	director	Christopher Hodson
A Christmas Carol (1997 film)	director	Stan Phillips
Die Arche	director	Richard Oswald
Goodbye Alexandra, Andrea	director	Carlos Rinaldi
Histories (House)	director	Dan Attias
Adiós, Roberto	director	Enrique Dawi
Adolescencia	director	Francisco Múgica
I Drink Your Blood	director	David E. Durston
Pieces (film)	director	Juan Piquer Simón
Rapture (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Rymer
Dizzy Doctors	director	Del Lord
East/West	director	Régis Wargnier
The Convent (film)	director	Manoel de Oliveira
Gofmaniada	director	Stanislav Sokolov
Windsor Protocol	director	George Mihalka
Aubrey (The X-Files)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Der Choral von Leuthen	director	Carl Froelich
Der Choral von Leuthen	director	Arzén von Cserépy
Boogeyman 2	director	Jeff Betancourt
Paradise Lost (play)	director	Glenn Jordan
Anima (short-film)	director	Erika Grediaga
Once Upon a Time (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	John T. Kretchmer
Fresh Bones	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Barocco	director	André Téchiné
Black and Tan (film)	director	Dudley Murphy
The Bronte Sisters	director	André Téchiné
Chal Mere Bhai	director	David Dhawan
Antonieta	director	Carlos Saura
Colony (The X-Files)	director	Nick Marck
Station for Two	director	Eldar Ryazanov
Nothing Human (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Thirty Days (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Winrich Kolbe
The King (2007 film)	director	Matthew Saville
Maze (film)	director	Rob Morrow
Los Afincaos	director	Leónidas Barletta
Aphrodite, the Garden of the Perfumes	director	Pablo César
The Message (Prison Break)	director	Bobby Roth
Dark River (1952 film)	director	Hugo del Carril
A New Day (The Wire)	director	Brad Anderson (director)
Zdroj	director	Martin Mareček
A Hole in the Wall	director	David José Kohon
Open Season (film)	director	Jill Culton
Open Season (film)	director	Roger Allers
Open Season (film)	director	Anthony Stacchi
Around the World Under the Sea	director	Andrew Marton
The Amateurs	director	Michael Traeger
Pinocchio (2002 film)	director	Roberto Benigni
A Different Loyalty	director	Marek Kanievska
Once Upon a Christmas (film)	director	Tibor Takács (director)
Revelation (2001 film)	director	Stuart Urban
Twice Upon a Christmas	director	Tibor Takács (director)
Transported	director	W. J. Lincoln
The World at War (film)	director	Lowell Mellett
Nebeští jezdci	director	Jindřich Polák
End Game (The X-Files)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
That's Got His Own	director	Joe Chappelle
Final Grades	director	Ernest Dickerson
Fearful Symmetry (The X-Files)	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
I Shot Jesse James	director	Samuel Fuller
Tarzan Finds a Son!	director	Richard Thorpe
Humbug (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
Gravity (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Terry Windell
Spellbinder (1988 film)	director	Janet Greek
War Feels Like War	director	Esteban Manzanares Uyarra
T.A.M.I. Show	director	Steve Binder
Goldfish Memory	director	Elizabeth Gill
Gordon's War	director	Ossie Davis
Odd Man Out (TV series)	director	Gil Junger
Odd Man Out (TV series)	director	David Kendall (director)
Odd Man Out (TV series)	director	John Whitesell
Dead Man Walking (Robin Hood)	director	Graeme Harper
The Return of the King (Robin Hood)	director	Matthew Evans (director)
Jackboots on Whitehall	director	The McHenry Brothers
Alibi (2007 film)	director	James Chean
She-Devil	director	Susan Seidelman
Close to Leo	director	Christophe Honoré
The Return of the Nana	director	Ian Toynton
The Showdown (The O.C.)	director	Michael Fresco
The O.Sea	director	Michael Lange
In Foreign Land	director	Farhad Asefi
Switched at Birth (film)	director	Waris Hussein
The History of Mr. Polly (film)	director	Anthony Pelissier
The Astounding She-Monster	director	Ronald V. Ashcroft
Vi på Saltkråkan	director	Olle Hellbom
The Astronaut	director	Robert Michael Lewis
Thérèse Desqueyroux (film)	director	Georges Franju
Le vieux fusil	director	Robert Enrico
In or Out	director	Michael Spiller
Lightning Bug (film)	director	Robert Green Hall
Unfinished Business (1985 film)	director	Steven Okazaki
Little Longnose	director	Ilya Maksimov
Pitch (film)	director	Kenny Hotz
Pitch (film)	director	Spencer Rice
Meet the Deedles	director	Steve Boyum
Heaven and Earth Magic	director	Harry Everett Smith
The Brotherhood II	director	David DeCoteau
The Brotherhood III	director	David DeCoteau
The Brotherhood IV	director	David DeCoteau
The Magic Pipe	director	Mikhail Tumelya
Peace Out of Pain	director	Christopher Hodson
Mary (2005 film)	director	Abel Ferrara
The Great Land of Small	director	Vojtěch Jasný
Hacks (2002 film)	director	Glenn Rockowitz
The Substitute	director	Robert Mandel
Jackpot (2001 film)	director	The Polish brothers
Sucker Free City	director	Spike Lee
Hercules Returns	director	David Parker (director)
Atlantic (film)	director	Ewald André Dupont
Woyzeck (1979 film)	director	Werner Herzog
Paris (2008 film)	director	Cédric Klapisch
Blood of the Beasts	director	Georges Franju
Extreme Risk (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Cliff Bole
Night (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Beefcake (film)	director	Thom Fitzgerald
The Event (film)	director	Thom Fitzgerald
Eskimo Nell (film)	director	Martin Campbell
Flight of Fury	director	Michael Keusch
The Long, Hot Summer (TV series)	director	Marc Daniels
The Long, Hot Summer (TV series)	director	Robert Gist
The Long, Hot Summer (TV series)	director	Mark Rydell
The Long, Hot Summer (TV series)	director	Vincent Sherman
Altered (film)	director	Eduardo Sánchez
A Cheerful Gang Turns the Earth	director	Tetsu Maeda
Yamiutsu shinzo (2005 film)	director	Shunichi Nagasaki
Paganini (film)	director	Klaus Kinski
Woman Sesame Oil Maker	director	Xie Fei (director)
The Lair of the White Worm (film)	director	Ken Russell
Pu-239 (film)	director	Scott Z. Burns
The Wounds	director	Srđan Dragojević
Executive Stress	director	John Howard Davies
Traveling Salesmen	director	Greg Daniels
Sniper 3	director	P. J. Pesce
Hum (film)	director	Mukul S. Anand
My Kung-Fu Sweetheart	director	Wong Jing
Beauty No. 2	director	Andy Warhol
American Teen	director	Nanette Burstein
The Last Mimzy	director	Robert Shaye
Dark Frontier	director	Cliff Bole
Dark Frontier	director	Terry Windell
The Disease	director	David Livingston
The Night Before Christmas (1951 film)	director	Valentina Brumberg
The Night Before Christmas (1951 film)	director	Zinaida Brumberg
Aan: Men at Work	director	Madhur Bhandarkar
Half-Caste (film)	director	Sebastian Apodaca
The Fight (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Think Tank (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Terrence O'Hara
The Head and the Hair	director	Gail Mancuso
A Few Days in September	director	Santiago Amigorena
Cherub of the Mist	director	Naresh Bedi
Zona J (film)	director	Leonel Vieira
The Nun (film)	director	Jacques Rivette
Sandmann – Historien om en sosialistisk supermann	director	Jannicke Systad Jacobsen
The Adventures of Sam	director	Craig Handley
The Adventures of Sam	director	George Whaley (director)
Qayamat: City Under Threat	director	Harry Baweja
Music and Lyrics	director	Marc Lawrence (filmmaker)
Get Shorty (film)	director	Barry Sonnenfeld
Ika Hands	director	Robert Gardner (anthropologist)
Absolute Justice	director	Tom Welling
The Search for John Gissing	director	Mike Binder
The Night Before Christmas (1913 film)	director	Ladislas Starevich
Mi Vida Loca	director	Allison Anders
The Tale of the Bunny Picnic	director	Jim Henson
The Tale of the Bunny Picnic	director	David G. Hillier
Crooked Earth	director	Sam Pillsbury
Law and Order (1932 film)	director	Edward L. Cahn
In Search of the Second Amendment	director	David T. Hardy
Dekada '70 (film)	director	Chito Roño
The Earth Girls Are Easy	director	Norman Buckley
The Terror of Tiny Town	director	Sam Newfield
American Dreamer (film)	director	Rick Rosenthal
The Reincarnation of Peter Proud	director	J. Lee Thompson
Path of Destruction (film)	director	Stephen Furst
11:59 (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Brooklyn Rules	director	Michael Corrente
Operation Happy New Year	director	Aleksandr Rogozhkin
Harpya	director	Raoul Servais
Babyfather	director	Alrick Riley
Babyfather	director	Roberto Bangura
Antarjali Jatra	director	Gautam Ghose
Always for Pleasure	director	Les Blank
Dhaam Dhoom	director	Jeeva (director)
Dhaam Dhoom	director	P. C. Sreeram
Dhaam Dhoom	director	Anees Murugaraj
Dhaam Dhoom	director	V. Manikandan
Attack Force (film)	director	Michael Keusch
Twenty-Four Eyes	director	Keisuke Kinoshita
Poltergay	director	Éric Lavaine
Privileged (1982 film)	director	Michael Hoffman (American director)
Jim Brown: All-American	director	Spike Lee
Righting Wrongs	director	Corey Yuen
It Don't Cost Nothin' to Say Good Morning	director	Kenny Hotz
It Don't Cost Nothin' to Say Good Morning	director	Spencer Rice
The In Crowd (film)	director	Mary Lambert
Raakilipattu	director	Priyadarshan
The Visitors II: The Corridors of Time	director	Jean-Marie Poiré
The Dream Is Alive	director	Graeme Ferguson
The Dawn Patrol (The O.C.)	director	Ian Toynton
Quasi at the Quackadero	director	Sally Cruikshank
The College Try	director	Tony Wharmby
That Night	director	Craig Bolotin
Miss Cast Away and the Island Girls	director	Bryan Michael Stoller
Money No Enough	director	Tay Teck Lock
Needle in a Haystack (House)	director	Peter O'Fallon
One Day, One Room	director	Juan J. Campanella
Insensitive (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
Philip Marlowe, Private Eye	director	Bryan Forbes
Philip Marlowe, Private Eye	director	Sidney Hayers
Philip Marlowe, Private Eye	director	Peter R. Hunt
Philip Marlowe, Private Eye	director	Robert Iscove
Philip Marlowe, Private Eye	director	Allan King
Yogi's First Christmas	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Mortal Thoughts	director	Alan Rudolph
Blood and Sand (1941 film)	director	Rouben Mamoulian
Ahí tienes a tu Madre	director	Leandro Bornell
Absurdistan (film)	director	Veit Helmer
Al Compás de tu Mentira	director	Héctor Canziani
Hello (film)	director	Atul Agnihotri
Convicts 4	director	Millard Kaufman
Under the Volcano (film)	director	John Huston
Under the Volcano (film)	director	Danny Huston
Namastey London	director	Vipul Amrutlal Shah
Birdman of Alcatraz (film)	director	John Frankenheimer
Why Is the Crow Black-Coated	director	Wan Laiming
Why Is the Crow Black-Coated	director	Wan Guchan
Too Hot to Handle (1960 film)	director	Terence Young (director)
Al Corazón	director	Mario Sábato
At the Edge of the Law	director	Juan Carlos Desanzo
Hang Your Dog in the Wind	director	Brian Flemming
The Last Horror Movie	director	Julian Richards (director)
The Abbey (documentary)	director	Jonathan Stedall
Dr. Terror's Gallery of Horrors	director	David L. Hewitt
Death Proof	director	Quentin Tarantino
Planet Terror	director	Robert Rodriguez
Syndicate Sadists	director	Umberto Lenzi
Okkadunnadu	director	Chandra Sekhar Yeleti
Bava Nachadu	director	K. S. Ravikumar
The Possum	director	Tristram Shapeero
Bandhak	director	Hyder Bilgrami
Alice (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Andaz (1971 film)	director	Ramesh Sippy
Alexandra (film)	director	Alexander Sokurov
Virrudh	director	Santram Verma
Naqaab	director	Abbas-Mustan
Abu Zayd al-Hilali (film)	director	Ezzel Dine Zulficar
The Yacoubian Building (film)	director	Marwan Hamed
Salvador (Puig Antich)	director	Manuel Huerga
The Atlantis Interceptors	director	Ruggero Deodato
Crimes of the Heart (film)	director	Bruce Beresford
The Husband That Is Necessary To Follow	director	Augusto Cesar Vatteone
Adam and Paul	director	Leonard Abrahamson
Showdown at the Cotton Mill	director	Wu Ma
The Purple Heart	director	Lewis Milestone
Riddles (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Roxann Dawson
The Drifter (1988 film)	director	Larry Brand
The Interview	director	Craig Monahan
One Small Step (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Robert Picardo
A Lizard in a Woman's Skin	director	Lucio Fulci
Fair Haven (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Allan Kroeker
Memorial (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Allan Kroeker
Tsunkatse (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Mike Vejar
Collective (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Allison Liddi-Brown
Carnival Night	director	Eldar Ryazanov
The Devil Makes Three (film)	director	Andrew Marton
The Phantom of the Opera (1998 film)	director	Dario Argento
Anupama (film)	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Rabbot	director	Dave Willis
Rabbot	director	Matt Maiellaro
Dharam Veer (1977 film)	director	Manmohan Desai
Flickering Lights	director	Anders Thomas Jensen
Faccia a faccia	director	Sergio Sollima
Keep Off	director	Maria Peters
Neel Akasher Neechey	director	Mrinal Sen
Itlu Sravani Subramanyam	director	Puri Jagannadh
Titli	director	Rituparno Ghosh
Spirit Folk (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Child's Play (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Mike Vejar
The First Christmas: The Story of the First Christmas Snow	director	Jules Bass
The First Christmas: The Story of the First Christmas Snow	director	Arthur Rankin, Jr.
Desamuduru	director	Puri Jagannadh
Closed Mondays	director	Bob Gardiner
Closed Mondays	director	Will Vinton
The Greek Tycoon	director	J. Lee Thompson
The Haunting of Deck Twelve (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Who Is Killing the Great Chefs of Europe?	director	Ted Kotcheff
Three Violent People	director	Rudolph Maté
Critical Care (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Terry Windell
Botched	director	Kit Ryan
No. 5 The Film	director	Baz Luhrmann
Crime and Punishment (1983 film)	director	Aki Kaurismäki
The Well (1951 film)	director	Russell Rouse
An Ideal Husband (1947 film)	director	Alexander Korda
Leo the Last	director	John Boorman
Hathyar (1989 film)	director	J. P. Dutta
Saptapadi (film)	director	Ajoy Kar
Harano Sur	director	Ajoy Kar
Dena Paona (film)	director	Premankur Atorthy
Billwamangal	director	Rustomji Dhotiwala
Death and the Maiden (film)	director	Roman Polanski
Bilat Ferat (1921 film)	director	N.C. Lahiri
The Fire Within	director	Louis Malle
Shuzhendong Chinese Typewriter	director	Wan Laiming
Shuzhendong Chinese Typewriter	director	Wan Guchan
Uproar in the Studio	director	Wan Laiming
Uproar in the Studio	director	Wan Guchan
Dog Treat	director	Wan Laiming
Dog Treat	director	Wan Guchan
New Year (film)	director	Wan Laiming
New Year (film)	director	Wan Guchan
The Camel's Dance	director	Wan Laiming
The Camel's Dance	director	Wan Guchan
The Camel's Dance	director	Wan Chaochen
Havoc in Heaven	director	Wan Laiming
The House of Smiles	director	Marco Ferreri
Good Luck, Father Ted	director	Declan Lowney
Entertaining Father Stone	director	Declan Lowney
The Passion of St Tibulus	director	Declan Lowney
Broken English (2007 film)	director	Zoe Cassavetes
Competition Time	director	Declan Lowney
An Unseen Enemy	director	D. W. Griffith
The Dead Girl	director	Karen Moncrieff
And God Created Woman (Father Ted)	director	Declan Lowney
The Horse's Mouth (film)	director	Ronald Neame
The World's Greatest Super Friends	director	Charles August Nichols
The World's Greatest Super Friends	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Super Friends: The Legendary Super Powers Show	director	Oscar Dufau
The Super Powers Team: Galactic Guardians	director	Larry Latham (movie director)
The Super Powers Team: Galactic Guardians	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Inside Man (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Allan Kroeker
Live Once, Die Twice	director	Stefan Pleszczynski
Nightingale (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	LeVar Burton
Flesh and Blood (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Mike Vejar
Flesh and Blood (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Loco Boy Makes Good	director	Jules White
Sakhiya	director	Jayanth C. Paranjee
Chitram	director	Teja
Train to Pakistan (film)	director	Pamela Rooks
Seventh Heaven (1937 film)	director	Henry King (director)
Ladies in Love	director	Edward H. Griffith
The Seat Filler	director	Nick Castle
The Young in Heart	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Hum To Mohabbat Karega	director	Kundan Shah
Man of the People (Star Trek: The Next Generation)	director	Winrich Kolbe
The Lawless Nineties	director	Joseph Kane
Arn – The Knight Templar	director	Peter Flinth
Living Hell (film)	director	Richard Jefferies (screenwriter)
Al-Millionairah al-Saghirah	director	Kamal Barakat
Kaalapani (1996 film)	director	Priyadarshan
Sreeram	director	V.N. Aditya
Thaniyavarthanam	director	Sibi Malayil
Mamta (1966 film)	director	Asit Sen (director)
Stamp Day for Superman	director	Thomas Carr (director)
Virasat (1997 film)	director	Priyadarshan
Partners (TV series)	director	James Burrows
Partners (TV series)	director	Paul Lazarus
My Bollywood Bride	director	Rajeev Virani
Thru the Moebius Strip	director	Glenn Chaika
Thru the Moebius Strip	director	Kelvin Lee
Rock-a-Hula Ted	director	Declan Lowney
The Flying Scotsman (film)	director	Douglas Mackinnon
The Plank (1979 film)	director	Eric Sykes
Prathibandh	director	Ravi raja Pinnisetty
Cruise of the Jasper B	director	James W. Horne
Asterix & Obelix Take On Caesar	director	Claude Zidi
Mazinger Z vs. The Great General of Darkness	director	Tadanao Tsuji
Garage Days	director	Alex Proyas
Fonejacker	director	Ed Tracy
Fonejacker	director	Kayvan Novak
Death Mills	director	Billy Wilder
Death Mills	director	Hanuš Burger
Zoop in India	director	Johan Nijenhuis
Full Metal Yakuza	director	Takashi Miike
Lotus Lantern	director	Guang Xi Chang
The Daring Years	director	Kenneth Webb
Tutto l'amore che c'è	director	Sergio Rubini
The Changeling 2	director	Lamberto Bava
Firefly (film)	director	Pete Marcy
Joy Ride (2000 film)	director	Martin Rengell
Stage Struck (1958 film)	director	Sidney Lumet
Ice Station Zebra	director	John Sturges
To Kill a Dead Man	director	Alexander Hemming
Gruesome School Trip	director	Pieter Kuijpers
Hi Diddle Riddle	director	Robert Butler (director)
Smack in the Middle	director	Robert Butler (director)
Guerrilla Girl	director	Frank Piasechi Poulsen
Waking Up in Reno	director	Jordan Brady
Road House 2: Last Call	director	Scott Ziehl
Reshma Aur Shera	director	Sunil Dutt
Hoshi o Katta Hi	director	Hayao Miyazaki
Les Siens	director	Noël Mitrani
A Way of Life	director	Amma Asante
The Battle of Britain	director	Frank Capra
The Battle of Britain	director	Anthony Veiller
National Lampoon Goes to the Movies	director	Bob Giraldi
National Lampoon Goes to the Movies	director	Henry Jaglom
Brothers (Ugly Betty)	director	Lev L. Spiro
Terminal City Ricochet	director	Zale Dalen
Compañeros	director	Sergio Corbucci
South Pacific (2001 film)	director	Richard Pearce (film director)
Point 783	director	Robert Lynn (director)
Control (House)	director	Randall Zisk
Heavy (House)	director	Fred Gerber
Love Hurts (House)	director	Bryan Spicer
Kids (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
Honeymoon (House)	director	Frederick King Keller
The Thief of Paris	director	Louis Malle
Yangtse Incident (1957 film)	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Fiddler on the Roof (film)	director	Norman Jewison
Dweepa	director	Girish Kasaravalli
Love and Pain and the Whole Damn Thing	director	Alan J. Pakula
Khulood	director	Ezzel Dine Zulficar
Singin' & Swingin'	director	Jeb Brien
Nashville Rebel (film)	director	Jay J. Sheridan
Wasp (film)	director	Andrea Arnold
Sujata (1959 film)	director	Bimal Roy
Daughter of Shanghai	director	Robert Florey
The Inquisition (Captain Scarlet)	director	Ken Turner (director)
Krishnaveni (film)	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
Al final del espectro	director	Juan Felipe Orozco
Dulha Mil Gaya	director	Mudassar Aziz
The Great Citizen	director	Fridrikh Ermler
La Casa 3	director	Umberto Lenzi
Book of Love (1990 film)	director	Robert Shaye
They Came from Outer Space	director	Chuck Bowman
They Came from Outer Space	director	Sidney Hayers
Jeena Sirf Merre Liye	director	Talat Jani
Kya Love Story Hai	director	Lovely Singh
Dracula (1968 film)	director	Patrick Dromgoole
Tom and Jerry: The Fast and the Furry	director	Bill Kopp
Release the Prisoners to Spring	director	Tage Danielsson
The Man Who Quit Smoking	director	Tage Danielsson
National Taiwan Museum	director	Council for Cultural Affairs
Da Hip Hop Witch	director	Dale Resteghini
Air Crew (film)	director	Alexander Mitta
A One Man Show	director	Jean-Paul Goude
Count Dracula (1977)	director	Philip Saville
One Six Right	director	Brian J. Terwilliger
Amanda's	director	Howard Storm (director)
Futtocks End	director	Bob Kellett
Mumbai Godfather	director	Deepak Balraj Vij
Wild Rebels	director	William Grefe
Nahwa al-Majd	director	Hussein Sedki
Who Killed Mary What's 'Er Name?	director	Ernest Pintoff
Blood Brothers (1996 film)	director	Ernie Fritz
The Sorrows of Satan (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Yeshwant	director	Anil Matto
No Small Affair	director	Jerry Schatzberg
Lunarville 7	director	Robert Lynn (director)
Challenge of the Super Friends	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Challenge of the Super Friends	director	Carl Urbano
Leprechaun 2	director	Rodman Flender
In China They Eat Dogs	director	Lasse Spang Olsen
Old Men in New Cars	director	Lasse Spang Olsen
Bas Ek Pal	director	Onir
The Cole Nobody Knows	director	Clay Walker (filmmaker)
Ace Eli and Rodger of the Skies	director	John Erman
La Casa 5	director	Claudio Fragasso
At the Sound of the Bugle	director	Orestes Caviglia
The Michael Nyman Songbook    1	director	Volker Schlöndorff
It's Trad, Dad!	director	Richard Lester
Joe Kidd	director	John Sturges
Jet Lag (film)	director	Danièle Thompson
Kaajjal	director	Sandip Sikcand
Children of the Century	director	Diane Kurys
Plaster Caster	director	Jessica Everleth
Emily Brontë's Wuthering Heights	director	Peter Kosminsky
God, Sex & Apple Pie	director	Paul Leaf
Mama Don't Cry	director	Maksim Pezhemsky
Institute of Cornish Studies	director	Philip Payton
The Big Steal (1990 film)	director	Nadia Tass
Aradhana (1962 film)	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
There Is No Authority But Yourself	director	Alexander Oey
The Marathon Family	director	Slobodan Šijan
The Baker's Wife (film)	director	Marcel Pagnol
The Widow of Saint-Pierre	director	Patrice Leconte
The Flapper	director	Alan Crosland
The Little Devil	director	Roberto Benigni
Dracula (Spanish-language version)	director	George Melford
Quo Vadis? (1985 TV mini-series)	director	Franco Rossi
Chutney Popcorn	director	Nisha Ganatra
Crash and Burn (film)	director	Charles Band
Vigilante Force	director	George Armitage
Dracula (1973 film)	director	Dan Curtis
Mauvais Sang	director	Leos Carax
Carnies (film)	director	Brian Corder
The Betty White Show	director	James Burrows
The Betty White Show	director	Noam Pitlik
Crazy Stone	director	Ning Hao
Black Marketing	director	William Castle
The Happy Time	director	Richard Fleischer
The Confession (1970 film)	director	Costa-Gavras
State of Siege	director	Costa-Gavras
A Sunday in Hell	director	Jørgen Leth
Sweet Spy	director	Go Dong Sun
The X-Files: I Want to Believe	director	Chris Carter (screenwriter)
Love Crimes (1992 film)	director	Lizzie Borden (filmmaker)
Suraj Ka Satvan Ghoda	director	Shyam Benegal
He Married His Wife	director	Roy Del Ruth
Bhakta Prahlada (1931 film)	director	H. M. Reddy
Bhakta Prahlada (1931 film)	director	Chilakalapudi Seetha Rama Anjaneyulu
Bhakta Prahlada (1967 film)	director	Chitrapu Narayana Rao
Bhakta Prahlada (1942 film)	director	Chitrapu Narayana Rao
Confidential Agent	director	Herman Shumlin
The Atomic Kid	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Fury (TV series)	director	Ray Nazarro
Fury (TV series)	director	Sidney Salkow
Fury (TV series)	director	Lesley Selander
Kursi al-I`tiraf	director	Youssef Wahbi
Paloh (film)	director	Adman Salleh
Blindsight (film)	director	Lucy Walker
They Made Me a Criminal	director	Busby Berkeley
Dracula (2006 film)	director	Bill Eagles
Larks on a String	director	Jiří Menzel
Bhowani Junction (film)	director	George Cukor
Heartbreakers (1984 film)	director	Bobby Roth
Deuce (Korn DVD)	director	Nathan Cox
VH1 Storytellers (Bruce Springsteen)	director	Dave Diomedi
Disengagement (film)	director	Amos Gitai
Hi Diddle Diddle	director	Andrew L. Stone
Lor Girl	director	Ardeshir Irani
Leyli o Majnun (1936 film)	director	Abdolhossein Sepanta
Notes on a Scandal (film)	director	Richard Eyre
Attack on Cloudbase	director	Ken Turner (director)
Spring Break (film)	director	Sean S. Cunningham
Only You (1992 film)	director	Betty Thomas
The Theme	director	Gleb Panfilov
Stammheim (film)	director	Reinhard Hauff
The Wiz (film)	director	Sidney Lumet
The Next Man	director	Richard C. Sarafian
Something Wild (1961 film)	director	Jack Garfein
The Man Who Saved Christmas	director	Sturla Gunnarsson
Our Town (The X-Files)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
To the People of the United States	director	Arthur Lubin
New Port South	director	Kyle Cooper
Guide (film)	director	Vijay Anand (Hindi film maker)
Our Daily Bread (2005 film)	director	Nikolaus Geyrhalter
Mr. Monk and the Employee of the Month	director	Scott Foley
Mr. Monk Gets a New Shrink	director	Andre Belgrader
Lilies (BBC TV series)	director	David Moore (director)
Mr. Monk and the Airplane	director	Hard Rock Miners
Alambrado	director	Marco Bechis
My Country's Wings	director	Carlos F. Borcosque
Albergue de Mujeres	director	Arturo S. Mom
Albéniz (film)	director	Luis César Amadori
Queen Victoria Museum and Art Gallery	director	Richard Mulvaney
Banaras (2006 film)	director	Pankaj Parashar
Dragon Squad	director	Daniel Lee (film director)
Mana Desam	director	L. V. Prasad
The Woman and the Stranger	director	Rainer Simon
Wetherby (film)	director	David Hare (playwright)
Zoo (film)	director	Robinson Devor
Undercover Kitty (film)	director	Vincent Bal
Schnitzel Paradise	director	Martin Koolhoven
Zakhm	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Tulasi (film)	director	Boyapati Seenu
Shabaab (film)	director	M. Sadiq
Beyond the Farthest Star (TAS episode)	director	Hal Sutherland
Darwaaza Bandh Rakho	director	J. D. Chakravarthy
The Maid (1991 film)	director	Ian Toynton
The Friendly Skies	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
Transitions (film)	director	Colin Low (filmmaker)
Transitions (film)	director	Tony Ianzelo
Momentum (IMAX film)	director	Colin Low (filmmaker)
Momentum (IMAX film)	director	Tony Ianzelo
The Seventh Cross (film)	director	Fred Zinnemann
Stateside (film)	director	Reverge Anselmo
Haunted (1995 film)	director	Lewis Gilbert
Invasion of the Saucer Men	director	Edward L. Cahn
The Night Caller (1998 film)	director	Robert Malenfant
Christmas Comes to Willow Creek	director	Richard Lang
Hook, Line & Sinker (1969 film)	director	George Marshall (director)
Hook, Line and Sinker (1930 film)	director	Edward F. Cline
Morning Sun (film)	director	Carma Hinton
The Abandoned (Star Trek: Deep Space Nine)	director	Avery Brooks
Target (TV series)	director	Graham Williams
Crying... Silicon Tears	director	Thanasis Papathanasiou
Crying... Silicon Tears	director	Michalis Reppas
Goodnight Burbank	director	Tracie Laymon, Canyon Prince
Speed Racer (film)	director	The Wachowskis
Taking a Break from All Your Worries	director	Edward James Olmos
Baazi (1995 film)	director	Ashutosh Gowariker
Cohen and Tate	director	Eric Red
A Soldier's Tale	director	Larry Par (director)
Miss Julie (1951 film)	director	Alf Sjöberg
Deus É Brasileiro	director	Carlos Diegues
Murder a la Mod	director	Brian De Palma
Fitzwilly	director	Delbert Mann
Distractions (Heroes)	director	Jeannot Szwarc
The Deviants (film)	director	Reid Waterer
Mush and Milk	director	Robert F. McGowan
Britannic (film)	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
World's Fair (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Steve Shill
The Gate of Heavenly Peace (documentary)	director	Carma Hinton
Dracula and Son	director	Édouard Molinaro
Pigsy Eats Watermelon	director	Wan Laiming
Pigsy Eats Watermelon	director	Wan Guchan
Onionhead	director	Norman Taurog
Susan Lenox (Her Fall and Rise)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
The Swordswoman of Huangjiang	director	Chen Kengran
The Swordswoman of Huangjiang	director	Zheng Yi-sheng
The Swordswoman of Huangjiang	director	Shang Guan(-)wu
Trashes the World	director	Nigel Dick
Sitt al-Bayt	director	Ahmed Kamel Morsi
The Shrimp on the Barbie	director	Alan Smithee
The Survivors (1983 film)	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
The Execution of Mary Stuart	director	Alfred Clark
Rises Over Japan	director	Tony Klinger
Zoop in Africa	director	Johan Nijenhuis
Arabian Nights (1942 film)	director	John Rawlins (director)
Kul Bayt Lahu Rajel	director	Ahmed Kamel Morsi
Surge of Power: The Stuff of Heroes	director	Mike Donahue
Freak (film)	director	Spike Lee
Treasure Island (1990 film)	director	Fraser Clarke Heston
Twisted Metal (video game)	director	Mike D. Jackson
House (2008 film)	director	Robby Henson
Men of Tomorrow	director	Zoltan Korda
Men of Tomorrow	director	Leontine Sagan
The Longest Night in Shanghai	director	Zhang Yibai
My Life So Far	director	Hugh Hudson
Tow Truck Pluck	director	Ben Sombogaart
Tow Truck Pluck	director	Pieter van Rijn
Ascendancy (film)	director	Edward Bennett (director)
Hollow City (2004 film)	director	Maria João Ganga
Back to the Woods (1937 film)	director	Jack White (film producer)
Jekyll and Hyde... Together Again	director	Jerry Belson
The My Two Dads	director	Michael Schultz
The In-Laws (2003 film)	director	Andrew Fleming
Peter Bell II: The Hunt for the Czar Crown	director	Maria Peters
Steptoe and Son (film)	director	Cliff Owen
Danny (film)	director	T. V. Chandran
Naajayaz	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Harikrishnans	director	Fazil
Deprisa, Deprisa	director	Carlos Saura
Pirates of the Caribbean (film series)	director	Gore Verbinski
Pirates of the Caribbean (film series)	director	Rob Marshall
Spencer Halpin's Moral Kombat	director	Spencer Halpin
Tap (film)	director	Nick Castle
Palermo or Wolfsburg	director	Werner Schroeter
Tiger Bay (film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
Tridev	director	Rajiv Rai
Remote (film)	director	Ted Nicolaou
Deewaanapan	director	Ashu Trikha
The Gorilla (1927 film)	director	Alfred Santell
One Exciting Night	director	D. W. Griffith
A Modern Twain Story: The Prince and the Pauper	director	James Quattrochi
The Cat and the Canary (1939 film)	director	Elliott Nugent
The Alphabet Killer	director	Rob Schmidt
Journey from the Fall	director	Ham Tran
The Return (The Office)	director	Greg Daniels
Now I'll Tell One	director	James Parrott
Dangerous Game	director	Abel Ferrara
Kim (TV film)	director	John Howard Davies
The Bourne Identity (1988 film)	director	Roger Young (director)
Hell's Kitchen (1939 film)	director	Lewis Seiler
Hell's Kitchen (1939 film)	director	Ewald André Dupont
Goofs and Saddles	director	Del Lord
The Woman King	director	Michael Rymer
Shaolin Vs. Evil Dead	director	Douglas Kung
A Day in the Life (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Rod Hardy
Maelstrom (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Nankin
The Son Also Rises	director	Robert M. Young (film director)
Crossroads (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Rymer
A Bug and a Bag of Weed	director	David Gonella
Playing the Ponies	director	Charles Lamont
Second Chance (film)	director	Rudolph Maté
Bhalo Theko	director	Goutam Halder
Gay Sex in the 70s	director	Joseph Lovett
Vessel (DVD)	director	Stéphane Sednaoui
My Flesh and Blood (film)	director	Jonathan Karsh
The Scarlet Flower (1952 film)	director	Lev Atamanov
Winged Assassin	director	David Lane (director)
Metamorphosis: The Alien Factor	director	Glenn Takajian
On the Wrong Trek	director	Harold Law
Dracula (2002 film)	director	Roger Young (director)
Dracula (2002 film)	director	Eric Lerner
My Late Lamented Friend and Partner	director	Cyril Frankel
Hahamishia Hakamerit	director	Eitan Tzur
Guys Like Us	director	Scott Baio
Guys Like Us	director	Rich Correll
Guys Like Us	director	Jonathan Prince
Guys Like Us	director	Joel Zwick
Anasazi (The X-Files)	director	R. W. Goodwin
The Blessing Way (The X-Files)	director	R. W. Goodwin
The Truth (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
A Disturbing Case	director	Ray Austin (director)
Rupert's Land (film)	director	Jonathan Tammuz
D.P.O.	director	Kim Manners
The Sixth Element	director	Justin MacMillan
Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose	director	David Nutter
The List (The X-Files)	director	Chris Carter (screenwriter)
The Affair (2004 film)	director	Carl Colpaert
Zinda Laash	director	Khwaja Sarfraz
Nisei (The X-Files)	director	David Nutter
731 (The X-Files)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
War of the Coprophages	director	Kim Manners
Syzygy (The X-Files)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Grotesque (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
Apocrypha (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
Pusher (The X-Files)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Bulandi (1990 film)	director	Javed Fazil
Hell Money	director	Tucker Gates
Jose Chung's From Outer Space	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Yellow Asphalt	director	Danny Verete
Quagmire (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
These Are the Days (Estradasphere)	director	David Murray (drummer)
Wetwired	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Talitha Cumi (The X-Files)	director	R. W. Goodwin
Herrenvolk (The X-Files)	director	R. W. Goodwin
The Ant Bully (film)	director	John A. Davis
My Musical	director	Will Mackenzie
Home (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
Unruhe	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Premiere (Farscape)	director	Andrew Prowse
Tunguska (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
Musings of a Cigarette Smoking Man	director	James Wong (producer)
Paper Hearts	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
El Mundo Gira	director	Tucker Gates
Never Again (The X-Files)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Memento Mori (The X-Files)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Kaddish (The X-Files)	director	Michael Lange
I, E.T.	director	Pino Amenta
The Snow Maiden (1952 film)	director	Ivan Ivanov-Vano
The Snow Maiden (1952 film)	director	Aleksandra Snezhko-Blotskaya
Andha Yudh	director	Dayal Nihalani
Unrequited (The X-Files)	director	Michael Lange
Max (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
Zero Sum (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
Demons (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
Gethsemane (The X-Files)	director	R. W. Goodwin
Redux (The X-Files)	director	R. W. Goodwin
Redux (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
This Divided State	director	Steven Greenstreet
The Enchanted Boy	director	Vladimir Polkovnikov
The Enchanted Boy	director	Aleksandra Snezhko-Blotskaya
Green Wing Special	director	Tristram Shapeero
Green Wing Special	director	Dominic Brigstocke
Blue (video)	director	Dan Ouellette
Fūrin Kazan (Taiga drama)	director	Kazuhiko Shimizu
Please, Not Now!	director	Roger Vadim
M.I. High	director	Richard Mark Elson
Alejandra	director	Carlos Schlieper
From the Basement	director	Sophie Muller
Alfonsina	director	Kurt Land
Unusual Suspects	director	Kim Manners
The Rager	director	Tony Wharmby
Poi (film)	director	K. Balachander
Somebody is Watching You	director	Gustavo Cova
Somebody is Watching You	director	Horacio Maldonado
Alias Flequillo	director	Julio Saraceni
Alias Gardelito	director	Lautaro Murúa
The Prince and Me 2: The Royal Wedding	director	Catherine Cyran
The Wrong Path	director	Doug Lefler
Eye of the Beholder (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	John T. Kretchmer
Damul	director	Prakash Jha
The Road to Calydon	director	Doug Lefler
In Film/On Video	director	James Schneider (director)
The Twelve Months (1956 film)	director	Ivan Ivanov-Vano
The Twelve Months (1956 film)	director	Mikhail Botov
Peter Bell (film)	director	Maria Peters
Face to Face (1979 film)	director	Kujtim Çashku
McLaren's Negatives	director	Marie-Josée Saint-Pierre
Beni Walks by Himself	director	Xhanfize Keko
Borxhliu	director	Arian Çuliqi
The Railrodder	director	Gerald Potterton
Bawarchi	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Our Daily Bread (1934 film)	director	King Vidor
The Castle (1994 film)	director	Aleksei Balabanov
Kikoku	director	Takashi Miike
The Nines	director	John August
Wee Wee Monsieur	director	Del Lord
Mee-Shee: The Water Giant	director	John Henderson (director)
Ardh Satya	director	Govind Nihalani
Behold a Pale Horse (film)	director	Fred Zinnemann
Adventures of Robinson Crusoe	director	Luis Buñuel
Rails & Ties	director	Alison Eastwood
Der Müller und sein Kind	director	Walter Friedemann
All Work and No Pay	director	Jeremy Summers
Shalom (film)	director	Yaky Yosha
Rocking Horse	director	Yaky Yosha
Letters in the Wind (2002 film)	director	Ali-Reza Amini
The Vulture (film)	director	Yaky Yosha
Candyman 3: Day of the Dead	director	Turi Meyer
Track the Man Down	director	R. G. Springsteen
Mr. Monk, Private Eye	director	Peter Weller
OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies	director	Michel Hazanavicius
Flight Into Terror	director	Declan Lowney
Vabank	director	Juliusz Machulski
RocketMan	director	Stuart Gillard
The Love Letter (1999 film)	director	Peter Chan
Pretty Maids All in a Row	director	Roger Vadim
The Komediant (film)	director	Arnon Goldfinger
Slap Shot 2: Breaking the Ice	director	Steve Boyum
The Snow Queen (1957 film)	director	Lev Atamanov
The Snow Queen (1957 film)	director	Nikolay Petrovich Fyodorov
The Pick-up Artist (film)	director	James Toback
Comfort and Joy (2003 film)	director	Maggie Greenwald
Shnei Kuni Leml	director	Israel Becker
Never Trust a Ghost	director	Jeremy Summers
That's How Murder Snowballs	director	Paul Dickson
Just for the Record	director	Jeremy Summers
Silence Is Golden (film)	director	Chris Shepherd
Murder Ain't What it Used to Be	director	Jeremy Summers
Bulat-Batır	director	Yuri Tarich
Bulat-Batır	director	Vladimir Korsh-Sablin
Whoever Heard of a Ghost Dying?	director	Ray Austin (director)
On the Loose (1931 film)	director	Hal Roach
Taare Zameen Par	director	Aamir Khan
Taare Zameen Par	director	Amole Gupte
Taare Zameen Par	director	Ram Madhvani
Hollywood Party (1934 film)	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
Vijay (1988 film)	director	Yash Chopra
The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency episodes (season 2)	director	Troll 2
The Adventures of Buratino (1959 film)	director	Dmitriy Babichenko
The Adventures of Buratino (1959 film)	director	Ivan Ivanov-Vano
The Adventures of Buratino (1959 film)	director	Mikhail Botov
Ego trip's The (White) Rapper Show	director	Mike L. Taylor
Ibn el Nil	director	Youssef Chahine
The Private Navy of Sgt. O'Farrell	director	Frank Tashlin
Men in White (1934 film)	director	Richard Boleslavsky
Candy Land: The Great Lollipop Adventure	director	Davis Doi
Million Dollar Mystery	director	Richard Fleischer
Deck the Halls (2005 film)	director	George Mendeluk
Leaving Las Vegas (CSI)	director	Richard J. Lewis
Marigold (2007 film)	director	Willard Carroll
Venner for altid	director	Stefan Henszelman
David (1979 film)	director	Peter Lilienthal
The Vulture's Eye	director	Frank Sciurba
Nobody's Fool (1986 film)	director	Evelyn Purcell
The Prime Gig	director	Gregory Mosher
Because I Said So (film)	director	Michael Lehmann
Evil Bong	director	Charles Band
Lucky Star (film)	director	Frank Borzage
Premonition (2007 film)	director	Mennan Yapo
Nevada (1944 film)	director	Edward Killy
Blood Alley	director	William A. Wellman
Facing Fearful Odds	director	Raymond Menmuir
The Vengeance of Fu Manchu	director	Jeremy Summers
Saint Clara (film)	director	Ari Folman
Saint Clara (film)	director	Ori Sivan
The Picture of Dorian Gray (1945 film)	director	Albert Lewin
Bowery at Midnight	director	Wallace Fox
Lak Yawm Ya Zalem	director	Salah Abu Seif
Al-Manzel Raqam 13	director	Kamal El Sheikh
The Shipping News (film)	director	Lasse Hallström
Rendez-vous (1985 film)	director	André Téchiné
Three Monks	director	A Da
Holy Matrimony (1943 film)	director	John M. Stahl
The House on Haunted Hill	director	Ray Austin (director)
The Ghost Who Saved the Bank at Monte Carlo	director	Jeremy Summers
When did You Start to Stop Seeing Things?	director	Jeremy Summers
Las truchas	director	José Luis García Sánchez
For the Girl Who Has Everything (Randall and Hopkirk Deceased)	director	Cyril Franklin
What Max Said	director	Emilio Martínez Lázaro
Banoo Main Teri Dulhann	director	Ismail Umar Khan
Banoo Main Teri Dulhann	director	Pawan Kumar
Chand Ke Paar Chalo (film)	director	Mustafa Engineer
Mein Führer – Die wirklich wahrste Wahrheit über Adolf Hitler	director	Dani Levy
A Huey P. Newton Story	director	Spike Lee
Alice in the Cities	director	Wim Wenders
Kings of the Road	director	Wim Wenders
The Innocent (1993 film)	director	John Schlesinger
Dracula II: Ascension	director	Patrick Lussier
Shogun's Samurai	director	Kinji Fukasaku
The Fall of Ako Castle	director	Kinji Fukasaku
The Actress	director	George Cukor
The Town (1945 film)	director	Josef von Sternberg
Dracula III: Legacy	director	Patrick Lussier
The Wrong Move	director	Wim Wenders
Justice League of America (TV film)	director	Félix Enríquez Alcalá
When the Wind Blows (film)	director	Jimmy Murakami
The Man Who Laughs (1928 film)	director	Paul Leni
Adoption (film)	director	Márta Mészáros
A Single Woman (film)	director	Kamala Lopez
Death Sentence (2007 film)	director	James Wan
Cinderella (1947 film)	director	Nadezhda Kosheverova
Cinderella (1947 film)	director	Mikhail Shapiro
Men Without Women (film)	director	John Ford
Born Reckless (1930 film)	director	Andrew Bennison
Born Reckless (1930 film)	director	John Ford
Abschied	director	Robert Siodmak
The Great K & A Train Robbery	director	Lewis Seiler
Better Than Sex (film)	director	Jonathan Teplitzky
Achtung! – Auto-Diebe!	director	Harry Piel
Feeling from Mountain and Water	director	Te Wei
The Proud General	director	Te Wei
Mopatop's Shop	director	Simon Spencer
Mopatop's Shop	director	Tom Poole (director)
Mopatop's Shop	director	Ian McLean
But What a Sweet Little Room	director	Roy Ward Baker
The Cowboy's Flute	director	Te Wei
The Cowboy's Flute	director	Qian Jiajun
Immortal Song	director	Henry Barakat
Good Night, Nurse!	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Love Is Strength	director	Mikio Naruse
Aiyoku no ki	director	Heinosuke Gosho
Back Stage (1919 film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Pete and Gladys	director	Leslie Goodwins
Pete and Gladys	director	James V. Kern
Pete and Gladys	director	Sidney Lanfield
The Last Days of Chez Nous	director	Gillian Armstrong
What Happened Today...?	director	Nick Usher
Squanto: A Warrior's Tale	director	Xavier Koller
Eat and Run	director	Christopher Hart (actor)
B.S. I Love You	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
Once in a Lifetime: The Extraordinary Story of the New York Cosmos	director	John Dower
Samurai Reincarnation	director	Kinji Fukasaku
A Very Private Affair	director	Louis Malle
It Was I Who Drew the Little Man	director	Valentina Brumberg
It Was I Who Drew the Little Man	director	Zinaida Brumberg
It Was I Who Drew the Little Man	director	Valentin Lalayants
G:MT – Greenwich Mean Time	director	John Estmond Strickland
Going to America	director	Graham Linehan
The Man from Nowhere	director	Robert Tronson
When the Spirit Moves You	director	Robert Tronson
The Angels Wash Their Faces	director	Ray Enright
Plae Kao	director	Cherd Songsri
Season (film)	director	Padmarajan
Undefeated	director	John Leguizamo
Somebody Just Walked Over My Grave	director	Cyril Frankel
Apne	director	Anil Sharma
Where the Wind Dies	director	Fernando Siro
Allá en el Norte	director	Julio Saraceni
Allá en el setenta y tantos	director	Francisco Múgica
Almafuerte (film)	director	Luis César Amadori
Der weiße Rausch – neue Wunder des Schneeschuhs	director	Arnold Fanck
Back Long Ago	director	Ricardo Becher
The Soul of the Accordion	director	Mario Soffici
The Bohemian Soul	director	Julio Saraceni
The Soul of the Children	director	Carlos F. Borcosque
Mame (film)	director	Gene Saks
Ogo Bodhu Shundori	director	Salil Dutta
Muhammad: The Last Prophet	director	Richard Rich (director)
Stella and Sam	director	Raymond Jafelice
Stella and Sam	director	Dave Merritt
El Alma de un tango	director	Julio Irigoyen
A Distant Thunder (1978 film)	director	Donald W. Thompson
Free Spirit (film)	director	Free Spirit (film)
Alma Mía	director	Daniel Barone
Clams and Mussels	director	Marcos Carnevale
The Impatient Alchemist	director	Patricia Ferreira
Purgatory (film)	director	Uli Edel
The Roy Rogers Show	director	John English (director)
The Roy Rogers Show	director	Leslie H. Martinson
The Roy Rogers Show	director	Christian Nyby
Dead (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Darnell Martin
Best Defense (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Gloria Muzio
The Green Goblin's Last Stand	director	Dan Poole
Case 39	director	Christian Alvart
Like Father Like Son (film)	director	Rod Daniel
Chinoiserie (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	David Platt (III)
Meet the Applegates	director	Michael Lehmann
Ben Franklin (The Office)	director	Randall Einhorn
I Remember That	director	David Warren (director)
The Raggedy Rawney	director	Bob Hoskins
The Chinese Parrot (film)	director	Paul Leni
Malignant (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Juan J. Campanella
Malignant (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
All the Invisible Children  Tanza   1	director	Mehdi Charef
All the Invisible Children  Uroš Blue Gypsy   1	director	Emir Kusturica
All the Invisible Children  Jesus Children of America   1	director	Spike Lee
All the Invisible Children  Bilu & João   1	director	Kátia Lund
All the Invisible Children  Jonathan   1	director	Jordan Scott
All the Invisible Children  Jonathan   1	director	Ridley Scott
All the Invisible Children  Ciro   1	director	Stefano Veneruso
All the Invisible Children  Song Song & Little Cat   1	director	John Woo
Johnny Kapahala: Back on Board	director	Eric Bross
4 for Texas	director	Robert Aldrich
Sands of the Kalahari	director	Cy Endfield
Dead Mary	director	Robert Wilson (director)
Rio Conchos (1964 film)	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Master of the World (1961 film)	director	William Witney
Percy's Progress	director	Ralph Thomas
Could You Recognise the Man Again?	director	Jeremy Summers
A Sentimental Journey (Randall and Hopkirk)	director	Les Norman
It's Supposed to be Thicker than Water	director	Les Norman
The French Connection (The O.C.)	director	John Stephens (producer)
Love to Love (film)	director	Pim van Hoeve
4 the People	director	Jayaraj
The Trouble with Women	director	Cyril Franklin
On With the Dance	director	Bill Bain (director)
Vendetta for a Dead Man	director	Cyril Frankel
You Can Always Find a Fall Guy	director	Les Norman
The Smile Behind the Veil	director	Jeremy Summers
Casi Casi	director	Jaime Vallés
Casi Casi	director	Tony Vallés
The Kid with the Broken Halo	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Rose of Washington Square	director	Gregory Ratoff
King Solomon's Mines (1937 film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Tempest (1982 film)	director	Paul Mazursky
Alto Paraná (film)	director	Catrano Catrani
Grendel (film)	director	Nick Lyon
Spectrum Strikes Back	director	Ken Turner (director)
Amalia (1914 film)	director	Enrique García Velloso
La Amada Inmóvil	director	Luis Bayón Herrera
Full Moon Party (film)	director	Johan Nijenhuis
Amalio Reyes, un hombre	director	Enrique Carreras
A Lover For Two	director	Hugo Sofovich
El Amarillo	director	Sergio Mazza
Amazons (1986 film)	director	Alex Sessa
Ambición	director	Adelqui Migliar
Una Americana en Buenos Aires	director	George Cahan
Amor (1940 film)	director	Luis Bayón Herrera
Fudoh: The New Generation	director	Takashi Miike
The Girlfriend (film)	director	Jeanine Meerapfel
Amigomío	director	Alcides Chiesa
Amigomío	director	Jeanine Meerapfel
Amigos de la infancia	director	Mariano Argento
Amor a la española	director	Fernando Merino
Amalia (1936 film)	director	Luis Moglia Barth
Los amores de Laurita	director	Antonio Ottone
Amigos para La Aventura	director	Palito Ortega
Undefeatable	director	Godfrey Ho
Museum of Contemporary Photography	director	Rod Slemmons
Tongpan	director	Euthana Mukdasanit
Tongpan	director	Caravan (Thai band)
Fine Feathered Finks	director	Robert Butler (director)
Let My Puppets Come	director	Gerard Damiano
Grave Danger	director	Quentin Tarantino
Soul of the Game	director	Kevin Rodney Sullivan
Hot Dog…The Movie	director	Peter Markle
Hand of Death	director	John Woo
Grimm (film)	director	Alex van Warmerdam
Batman (serial)	director	Lambert Hillyer
Mr Ya Miss	director	Antara Mali
Mr Ya Miss	director	Satchit Puranik
Lonely Boy (film)	director	Wolf Koenig
Lonely Boy (film)	director	Roman Kroitor
Agent X44	director	Joyce E. Bernal
Shake It All About	director	Hella Joof
Chowder (TV series)	director	Mike Milo
Veerapandiya Kattabomman (film)	director	B. Ramakrishnaiah Panthulu
The Preacher (film)	director	Gerrard Verhage
Godforsaken	director	Pieter Kuijpers
Chakrapani	director	P. S. Ramakrishna Rao
Oh Darling! Yeh Hai India!	director	Ketan Mehta
Early Works (film)	director	Želimir Žilnik
Father's Affair	director	Maarten Treurniet
Polleke	director	Ineke Houtman
Guimba the Tyrant	director	Cheick Oumar Sissoko
Der Kongreß tanzt	director	Erik Charell
I Was a Teenage Zombie	director	John Elias Michalakis
Adieu Blaireau	director	Bob Decout
Drona (film)	director	Goldie Behl
Frequently Asked Questions About Time Travel	director	Gareth Carrivick
Mr. Monk Takes His Medicine	director	Randall Zisk
Rich Hank, Poor Hank	director	Tricia Garcia
The Confession (1999 film)	director	David Hugh Jones
Churchill's Island	director	Stuart Legg
Alice (2005 film)	director	Marco Martins
Derailed (Ugly Betty)	director	James Hayman
The Confessions of Amans (film)	director	Gregory Nava
Who Saw Him Die?	director	Jan Troell
Because of Winn-Dixie (film)	director	Wayne Wang
Superman: Doomsday	director	Bruce Timm
Superman: Doomsday	director	Lauren Montgomery
The Departure (film)	director	Jerzy Skolimowski
Stargate: The Ark of Truth	director	Robert C. Cooper
Target for Tonight	director	Harry Watt (director)
Stargate: Continuum	director	Martin Wood
Festival (1967 film)	director	Murray Lerner
If You Love This Planet	director	Terri Nash
Twister (1989 film)	director	Michael Almereyda
Maximum Overdrive	director	Stephen King
The Underneath (film)	director	Steven Soderbergh
Girl with a Suitcase	director	Valerio Zurlini
The Tesseract (film)	director	Pang brothers
Amor a primera vista	director	Leo Fleider
Amor de otoño	director	José Conrado Castelli
Amor en el Aire	director	Luis César Amadori
Un Amor en Moisés Ville	director	Daniel Barone
Un Amor en Moisés Ville	director	Antonio Ottone
Love Is a Fat Woman	director	Alejandro Agresti
El Amor infiel	director	Mario David
Amor libre	director	Fernando Siro
Love Never Dies (1955 film)	director	Luis César Amadori
Babilonia	director	Jorge Salvador
Amor se dice cantando	director	Miguel Morayta
El Amor y el Espanto	director	Juan Carlos Desanzo
Amor y un poco más	director	Derlis M. Beccaglia
Camp Cuddly Pines Powertool Massacre	director	Jonathan Morgan (director)
Amorina	director	Hugo del Carril
Andrea (film)	director	Yoland Dias
Amor último modelo	director	Roberto Ratti
Red Blossoms	director	Edmo Cominetti
The Loves of Kafka	director	Beda Docampo Feijóo
Amor prohibido (film)	director	Luis César Amadori
Giuliani Time	director	Kevin Keating
El Andador	director	Enrique Carreras
El Amor y la ciudad	director	María Teresa Costantini
Ay Juancito	director	Héctor Olivera
Aliens in the Wild, Wild West	director	George Erschbamer
Last Call (2002 film)	director	Henry Bromell
The Search for Signs of Intelligent Life in the Universe	director	John Bailey (cinematographer)
Animal (2001 film)	director	Sergio Bizzio
Anni Ribelli	director	Rosalia Polizzi
Ana and the Others	director	Celina Murga
Doctor Strange: The Sorcerer Supreme	director	Patrick Archibald
Doctor Strange: The Sorcerer Supreme	director	Jay Oliva
Doctor Strange: The Sorcerer Supreme	director	Richard Sebast
The Page Turner	director	Denis Dercourt
Scudda Hoo! Scudda Hay!	director	F. Hugh Herbert
For Love of Ivy	director	Daniel Mann
The Ground Truth	director	Patricia Foulkrod
Familiar Strangers (film)	director	Zack Adler (director)
The Stolen Jools	director	William C. McGann
Bailey Kipper's P.O.V.	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
Divided We Stand	director	Jackie Cooper
The Bride Came C.O.D.	director	William Keighley
The Male Animal	director	Elliott Nugent
5 O'Clock Charlie	director	Norman Tokar
Radar's Report	director	Jackie Cooper
Let's Do It Again (1975 film)	director	Sidney Poitier
The Sea Wolf (1941 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Coolie (1983 film)	director	Manmohan Desai
The Beast of the City	director	Charles Brabin
Hammer (film)	director	Bruce Clark
The Virginian (1914 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Virginian (1946 film)	director	Stuart Gilmore
Meet the Hollowheads	director	Thomas R. Burman
Year of the Dog (film)	director	Mike White (scriptwriter)
The Virginian (1923 film)	director	Tom Forman
The Walking Dead (1936 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Girl Without a Room	director	Ralph Murphy
Chapaev (film)	director	Georgi Vasilyev
Chapaev (film)	director	Sergei Vasilyev
El Ausente (1989 film)	director	Rafael Filipelli
Autocine Mon Amour	director	Fernando Siro
The Year of The Rabbit	director	Fernando Ayala
Yesterday Was Spring	director	Fernando Ayala
Antigua, My Life	director	Héctor Olivera
Open Hearts (2002 film)	director	Susanne Bier
Anteojito y Antifaz, mil intentos y un invento	director	Manuel García Ferré
El Amor – primera parte	director	Alejandro Fadel
The Amateur (1999 film)	director	Juan Bautista Stagnaro
Crackers Don't Matter	director	Ian Watson
Streetwise (1984 film)	director	Martin Bell (filmmaker)
Die Me, Dichotomy	director	Rowan Woods
Las Apariencias engañan	director	Carlos Rinaldi
Apasionadamente	director	Luis César Amadori
Hanna K.	director	Costa-Gavras
Hardly a Criminal	director	Hugo Fregonese
Susuz Yaz	director	Metin Erksan
Susuz Yaz	director	David E. Durston
La bandera argentina	director	Eugène Py
A Cry in the Wild	director	Mark Griffiths
Fair Game (1986 film)	director	Mario Andreacchio
Body and Soul (1931 film)	director	Alfred Santell
Unzipped (film)	director	Douglas Keeve
Dangerously Close	director	Albert Pyun
Just Around the Corner	director	Irving Cummings
Running Time (film)	director	Josh Becker
Old Ironsides (film)	director	James Cruze
Soldier Boy (film)	director	Les Sholes
The 4th Floor	director	Josh Klausner
Manpower (1941 film)	director	Raoul Walsh
The Innocent (1985 film)	director	John Mackenzie (director)
Fame Looks At Music '83	director	Walter C. Miller
Max Headroom: 20 Minutes into the Future	director	Rocky Morton
Max Headroom: 20 Minutes into the Future	director	Annabel Jankel
Apocalipsis 13	director	Óscar Aizpeolea
Ayer y Hoy (film)	director	Enrique Susini
El Ayudante	director	Mario David
Apariencias	director	Alberto Lecchi
Father and Daughter (film)	director	Michaël Dudok de Wit
Al-Ustazah Fatimah	director	Fatin Abdel Wahab
Aquello que Amamos	director	Leopoldo Torres Ríos
Aquellos años locos	director	Enrique Carreras
Ekskul	director	Nayato Fio Nuala
Oklahoma! (1955 film)	director	Fred Zinnemann
Argentino hasta la muerte	director	Fernando Ayala
Arrabalera	director	Tulio Demicheli
Sahasa Veerudu Sagara Kanya	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Kiss Me Kate (film)	director	George Sidney
Emperor's Dream	director	Boer Chen
A Gunfight	director	Lamont Johnson
Operation Time	director	Ken Turner (director)
Rockford (film)	director	Nagesh Kukunoor
The She Beast	director	Michael Reeves
Gurudev (film)	director	Vinod Mehra
Gurudev (film)	director	Raj Sippy
American Flyers	director	John Badham
County Hospital (1932 film)	director	James Parrott
Priest of Love	director	Christopher Miles
Africa Addio	director	Gualtiero Jacopetti
Africa Addio	director	Franco Prosperi
Legend of Sealed Book	director	Wang Shuchen
Applause (film)	director	Rouben Mamoulian
WALL-E	director	Andrew Stanton
Sunset Grill (film)	director	Kevin Connor (director)
This Filthy World	director	Jeff Garlin
Blood and Roses	director	Roger Vadim
Texas Across the River	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
Hanging Garden (film)	director	Toshiaki Toyoda
Marriage on the Rocks	director	Jack Donohue (director)
Lawman (film)	director	Michael Winner
Magic Brush	director	Jin Xi
Who's Got the Action?	director	Daniel Mann
Ana al-Madi	director	Ezzel Dine Zulficar
Take Her, She's Mine	director	Henry Koster
The Perfect Game	director	William Dear
Bacará	director	Kurt Land
Buenos Aires a la vista	director	Luis Bayón Herrera
La Gaucha	director	José A. Ferreyra
Buenos Aires, Ciudad de Ensueño	director	José A. Ferreyra
Arizona Sur	director	Daniel Pensa
Arizona Sur	director	Miguel Angel Rocca
Rocket Science (film)	director	Jeffrey Blitz
Argentinísima	director	Fernando Ayala
Argentinísima	director	Héctor Olivera
Lord of the Universe	director	TVTV
Lord of the Universe	director	Michael Shamberg
Blood Tea and Red String	director	Christiane Cegavske
Pranam Khareedu	director	K. Vasu
The Undefeated (1969 film)	director	Andrew McLaglen
The Undefeated (1969 film)	director	John Wayne
El Asadito	director	Gustavo Postiglione
Week-End at the Waldorf	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Attack of the Killer Hog	director	Agustín Cavalieri
Aakhari Poratam	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Argentinísima II	director	Fernando Ayala
Argentinísima II	director	Héctor Olivera
Vincent & Theo	director	Robert Altman
Go After an Easy Prey	director	Fong Ming
Adharm (2006 film)	director	Adeep Singh
Oysters at Nam Kee's	director	Pollo de Pimentel
Yes Nurse! No Nurse!	director	Pieter Kramer
I Love You Too (2001 film)	director	Ruud van Hemert
Chicago 10 (film)	director	Brett Morgen
Ladybug Ladybug (film)	director	Frank Perry
Little Miss Lost	director	Marita Grabiak
The Bone Scatterer	director	Terrence O'Hara
Illuminations (video)	director	Floria Sigismondi
The Hunted (1995 film)	director	J. F. Lawton
Kill Me Now	director	Adam Nimoy
Tomorrow (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Don Scardino
Maledictus	director	Frank Prinzi
Delicious (film)	director	David Butler (director)
Badge (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Constantine Makris
Faith (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Edwin Sherin
Faster (2003 film)	director	Mark Neale
Tuxedo Hill	director	Steve Shill
Alvin Purple Rides Again	director	David Bilcock
Alvin Purple Rides Again	director	Robin Copping
What's going on up there?	director	Maryanne Galvin
O Jerusalem (film)	director	Élie Chouraqui
Arriba el Telón o el Patio de la Morocha	director	Manuel Romero
Naya Daur (1957 film)	director	Baldev Raj Chopra
Acemi Cadı	director	Feride Kaytan
Shakedown (film)	director	James Glickenhaus
Raakh	director	Aditya Bhattacharya
Silver Hawk	director	Jingle Ma
51 Birch Street	director	Doug Block
Magic Bay	director	Marina Valentini
Arroz con leche (film)	director	Carlos Schlieper
Il diavolo	director	Gian Luigi Polidoro
The Untold	director	Jonas Quastel
Aag (1994 film)	director	K. Ravi Shankar
The Curse of Quon Gwon	director	Marion Wong
Aao Pyaar Karen (1994 film)	director	Ravendra Peepat
Urga (film)	director	Nikita Mikhalkov
Orkestar bez ime	director	Lyudmil Kirkov
Zameer: The Awakening of a Soul	director	Rajat Rawail
The Day Before	director	Matt Earl Beasley
Sunshine State (film)	director	John Sayles
Barbarosa	director	Fred Schepisi
Black Snake (film)	director	Russ Meyer
Thoth (film)	director	Sarah Kernochan
Crater 101	director	Ken Turner (director)
Up the Junction (film)	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
Montenegro (film)	director	Dušan Makavejev
Murderers Among Us	director	Wolfgang Staudte
Honeydripper (film)	director	John Sayles
Mean Guns	director	Albert Pyun
The Reluctant Dragon (film)	director	Alfred L. Werker
The Reluctant Dragon (film)	director	Hamilton Luske
A Time of Destiny (film)	director	Gregory Nava
Hand of God (Miracles episode)	director	Bill D'Elia
Till Death Us Do Part (film)	director	Norman Cohen
Sukiyaki Western Django	director	Takashi Miike
Big Bang Love, Juvenile A	director	Takashi Miike
Kōshōnin	director	Takashi Miike
9 millimeter	director	Peter Lindmark (film director)
At Midnight I'll Take Your Soul	director	José Mojica Marins
Phyllis's Wedding	director	Ken Whittingham
Merely Mary Ann	director	Henry King (director)
Adorable (film)	director	William Dieterle
Sun Scarred	director	Takashi Miike
Change of Heart (film)	director	John G. Blystone
This Night I'll Possess Your Corpse	director	José Mojica Marins
Sabu (film)	director	Takashi Miike
Curly Top (film)	director	Irving Cummings
Dead or Alive: Final	director	Takashi Miike
Dead or Alive 2: Birds	director	Takashi Miike
The Living Sea	director	Greg MacGillivray
Awakening of the Beast	director	José Mojica Marins
La Bailanta	director	Luis Rodrigo
The Dream Lover	director	Patrick Norris
King Gimp	director	Susan Hannah Hadary
King Gimp	director	William A. Whiteford
Socha Na Tha	director	Imtiaz Ali (director)
Shutter (2008 film)	director	Masayuki Ochiai
O Costa do Castelo	director	Arthur Duarte
Puss in Boots (1922 film)	director	Walt Disney
Opasen char	director	Ivan Andonov
O Pátio das Cantigas	director	Ribeirinho
Go West (1925 film)	director	Buster Keaton
La vraie vie est ailleurs	director	Frederic Choffat
Season of Death	director	Ian Watson
Ab Dilli Dur Nahin	director	Amar Kumar
The Boss of It All	director	Lars von Trier
The Little Things You Do Together	director	David Grossman (director)
Aa Ab Laut Chalen	director	Rishi Kapoor
Great Expectations (1998 film)	director	Alfonso Cuarón
Beautiful Girl (film)	director	Douglas Barr
Shadow of Fear	director	Robert Lynn (director)
Harry and the Wrinklies (TV series)	director	Andrew Morgan (director)
Aa Gale Lag Jaa	director	Manmohan Desai
Don't Stop Dreaming	director	Aditya Raj Kapoor
Winning Your Wings	director	John Huston
Winning Your Wings	director	Owen Crump
USA vs. Al-Arian	director	Line Halvorsen
O Casamento de Romeu e Julieta	director	Bruno Barreto
Who Done It (Dallas episode)	director	Leonard Katzman
Coral Reef Adventure	director	Greg MacGillivray
Max Dugan Returns	director	Herbert Ross
The Bronx Is Burning	director	Jeremiah S. Chechik
Scream (film series)	director	Wes Craven
Becoming Royston	director	Nicholas Chee
The Brain from Planet Arous	director	Nathan H. Juran
Autism: The Musical	director	Tricia Regan
Special Effects: Anything Can Happen	director	Ben Burtt
The Drum (1938 film)	director	Zoltan Korda
Everybody's Favorite Bagman	director	John Patterson (director)
By Hooker, By Crook	director	Martin Davidson
Poison Ivy (Law & Order)	director	E.W. Swackhamer
Out of the Half-Light	director	E.W. Swackhamer
Life Choice	director	Aaron Lipstadt
Mushrooms (Law & Order)	director	Daniel Sackheim
The Secret Sharers	director	E.W. Swackhamer
The Serpent's Tooth	director	Don Scardino
Sonata for a Solo Organ	director	Fred Gerber
The Blue Wall	director	Vern Gillum
Hathkadi	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
Atlas Shrugged: Part I	director	Paul Johansson
Qerq	director	Louis Cuschieri
Auzaar	director	Sohail Khan
Insaaf (film)	director	Dayal Nihalani
Aakrosh (1998 film)	director	Lateef Binny
Henry VIII (TV serial)	director	Pete Travis
El Lazarillo de Tormes	director	César Fernández Ardavín
Les Cousins (film)	director	Claude Chabrol
Blood Oath (film)	director	Stephen Wallace
The Deal (1983 film)	director	Fernando Ayala
Attack of the Puppet People	director	Bert I. Gordon
Attack of the Puppet People	director	Jack R. Berne
Fishing Child	director	Wan Guchan
Un étrange voyage	director	Alain Cavalier
The Fight Between the Snipe and the Clam	director	Jinqing Hu
The Adventures of God	director	Eliseo Subiela
The Most Special Agent	director	Desmond Saunders
Jaanwar (1999 film)	director	Suneel Darshan
The King of Masks	director	Wu Tianming
Skärgårdsdoktorn	director	Martin Asphaug
Skärgårdsdoktorn	director	Daniel Lind Lagerlöf
Thunderstruck (film)	director	Darren Ashton
Padaharella Vayasu	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Lunkerville	director	Michael de Avila
Verónico Cruz (film)	director	Miguel Pereira (film director)
Souls at Sea	director	Henry Hathaway
44 Minutes: The North Hollywood Shoot-Out	director	Yves Simoneau
The Warrior (2006 film)	director	Tsui Hark
Ask Max	director	Vincent McEveety
Waitress (film)	director	Adrienne Shelly
Bliss (1985 film)	director	Ray Lawrence (film director)
Body Jumper	director	Haeman Chatemee
Lab Rats	director	Adam Tandy
Backup (TV series)	director	Jan Sargent
Backup (TV series)	director	Bob Blagden
The Scam Artist	director	Cliff Hensley
Family Life (1985 film)	director	Jacques Doillon
Sweet Jane (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
Liberty Belle (film)	director	Pascal Kané
Women & Men 2	director	Walter Bernstein
Women & Men 2	director	Mike Figgis
Women & Men 2	director	Kristi Zea
The Last Place on Earth	director	Ferdinand Fairfax
Die Ratten	director	Robert Siodmak
Tennessee (film)	director	Aaron Woodley
The Canary Effect	director	Robin Davey
The Canary Effect	director	Yellow Thunder Woman
Manevri na petiya etazh	director	Petar Vasilev
Designing Woman	director	Vincente Minnelli
DragonBlade: The Legend of Lang	director	Antony Szeto
The Naked Brothers Band: The Movie	director	Polly Draper
Indrajeet	director	K. V. Raju
Lawaaris (1981 film)	director	Prakash Mehra
Top Dog (film)	director	Aaron Norris
Je me souviens (film)	director	Eric R. Scott
The Invisible Boy	director	Herman Hoffman
Wolf Girl	director	Thom Fitzgerald
To Be Fat Like Me	director	Douglas Barr
Loose Loot	director	Jules White
Dizzy Detectives	director	Jules White
Trimurti (film)	director	Mukul S. Anand
Scorpio (film)	director	Michael Winner
The Taste of Tea	director	Katsuhito Ishii
Bolinao 52	director	Duc Nguyen
Ram Lakhan	director	Subhash Ghai
The Legend of Nigger Charley	director	Martin Goldman
Anthony Kaun Hai?	director	Raj Kaushal
Brother, Can You Spare a Dime? (film)	director	Philippe Mora
Bólidos de acero	director	Carlos Torres Ríos
After the Wedding	director	Susanne Bier
The Danish Poet	director	Torill Kove
A`isha	director	Gamal Madkoor
Miss Pilgrim's Progress	director	Val Guest
The Duke Wore Jeans	director	Gerald Thomas
The Criminal	director	Joseph Losey
Black Jack (Jericho episode)	director	Helen Shaver
Heart of Winter	director	Steve Gomer
Winter's End	director	Kevin Dowling (director)
Toplo	director	Vladimir Yanchev
The Piano Tuner of Earthquakes	director	Brothers Quay
The Piano Tuner of Earthquakes	director	Brothers Quay
Alaska: Spirit of the Wild	director	George Casey (filmmaker)
Welt am Draht	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Damn Good Dog	director	Erica McCarthy
Rikyu (film)	director	Hiroshi Teshigahara
Cervantes (film)	director	Vincent Sherman
Love Is the Only Master I'll Serve	director	Nicholas Lens
Dirty Hands (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Wayne Rose
A Chinese Ghost Story: The Tsui Hark Animation	director	Andrew Chen
The Pilgrim (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Darnell Martin
Adventures in Wild California	director	Greg MacGillivray
The Assignment (1997 film)	director	Christian Duguay (director)
The Disappearance of Flight 412	director	Jud Taylor
Con-Text	director	Alex Zakrzewski
Baggage (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Constantine Makris
One Summer of Happiness	director	Arne Mattsson
See Me (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Steve Shill
Stone Cold (1991 film)	director	Craig R. Baxley
One Night with Blue Note	director	John Jopson
Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall (film)	director	Norman Cohen
Invisible Stripes	director	Lloyd Bacon
If All the Guys in the World	director	Christian-Jaque
Kid Galahad (1937 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Pedestrian (film)	director	Maximilian Schell
Iraq in Fragments	director	James Longley (filmmaker)
The Round-Up	director	George Melford
Lies My Father Told Me	director	Ján Kadár
Raja Paarvai	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
Anjaane (2005 film)	director	Harry W. Fernandes
The House Across the Bay	director	Archie Mayo
Ispiritista: Itay, may moomoo!	director	Paolo Villaluna
Ispiritista: Itay, may moomoo!	director	Ellen Ramos
15 Maiden Lane	director	Allan Dwan
She Couldn't Take It	director	Tay Garnett
Yours for the Asking	director	Alexander Hall
It Had to Happen	director	Roy Del Ruth
Spawn of the North	director	Henry Hathaway
Every Night at Eight	director	Raoul Walsh
Euphoria (film)	director	Ivan Vyrypayev
The Fleet's In	director	Victor Schertzinger
Stolen Harmony	director	Alfred L. Werker
The Good Father	director	Mike Newell (director)
Hello Again (film)	director	Frank Perry
Limehouse Blues	director	Alexander Hall
The Trumpet Blows	director	Stephen Roberts (director)
I Stole a Million	director	Frank Tuttle
The Lady's from Kentucky	director	Alexander Hall
You and Me (1938 film)	director	Fritz Lang
Goldie (1931 film)	director	Benjamin Stoloff
Pick-Up (1933 film)	director	Marion Gering
Rogue Male (1976 film)	director	Clive Donner
Hot Saturday	director	William A. Seiter
All Quiet on the Preston Front	director	Brian Farnham
Daani	director	Kafeel Ahmed
Queen of the Damned (film)	director	Michael Rymer
La Cage aux Folles (film)	director	Édouard Molinaro
The Wedding Video	director	Norman Korpi
The Wedding Video	director	Clint Cowen
The Seduction of Joe Tynan	director	Jerry Schatzberg
With the Music in my Soul	director	Luis Bayón Herrera
Cuidado Con Las Mujeres	director	Enrique Cahen Salaberry
Dancers in the Dark	director	David Burton (director)
The Wolf Man (1924 film)	director	Edmund Mortimer (actor)
Bordertown (1935 film)	director	Archie Mayo
Night World (1932 film)	director	Hobart Henley
Tabarana Kathe	director	Girish Kasaravalli
Madame Racketeer	director	Harry Wagstaff Gribble
Madame Racketeer	director	Alexander Hall
Love Is a Racket	director	William A. Wellman
Hush Money	director	Sidney Lanfield
Night of the Pencils (film)	director	Héctor Olivera
Just Watch Me: Trudeau and the '70s Generation	director	Catherine Annau
Dixie (film)	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Monster (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Joyce Chopra
Cuba Libre (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Darnell Martin
Cold Comfort (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Constantine Makris
Bridge to the Sun	director	Étienne Périer (director)
San Diego Model Railroad Museum	director	John Rotsart
The Quiller Memorandum	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Pride (2007 film)	director	Sunu Gonera
Bite Me! (film)	director	Brett Piper
2 or 3 Things I Know About Him	director	Malte Ludin
Mickey (1918 film)	director	F. Richard Jones
Mickey (1918 film)	director	James Young (director)
The Weekender World	director	Catherina Fournier
Interkosmos (film)	director	Jim Finn (filmmaker)
Barry McKenzie Holds His Own	director	Bruce Beresford
Winner Take All (1932 film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
Casanova Brown	director	Sam Wood
Woh Kaun Thi?	director	Raj Khosla
Our Vines Have Tender Grapes	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
The Miracle Woman	director	Frank Capra
Sumolah	director	Afdlin Shauki
Palmy Days	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Carousel (film)	director	Henry King (director)
Side Street (1929 film)	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
Queen of the Night Clubs	director	Bryan Foy
Maw`ed Ma` al-Hayat	director	Ezzel Dine Zulficar
Men with Guns	director	John Sayles
The Walking Dead (1995 film)	director	Preston A. Whitmore II
Picture Bride (film)	director	Kayo Hatta
Nenjirukkum Varai	director	S. A. paradesi
Hawas (2004 film)	director	Karan Razdan
Nizhalkuthu	director	Adoor Gopalakrishnan
Achuvinte Amma	director	Sathyan Anthikad
By the People	director	Jayaraj
Ore Kadal	director	Shyamaprasad
Hurricane on the Bayou	director	Greg MacGillivray
Barbarian Queen	director	Héctor Olivera
Irham Dmoo`i	director	Henry Barakat
Athar Fi al-Rimal	director	Gamal Madkoor
Darkness in Tallinn	director	Ilkka Järvi-Laturi
Al-Malak al-Zalem	director	Hassan al-Imam
Fedora (film)	director	Billy Wilder
Buddy Buddy	director	Billy Wilder
Naayi Neralu	director	Girish Kasaravalli
Kanthaswamy	director	Susi Ganeshan
Babes in Arms (film)	director	Busby Berkeley
Rumba (1935 film)	director	Marion Gering
Chuckles Bites the Dust	director	Joan Darling
El Asalto	director	Kurt Land
Spellcaster (film)	director	Rafal Zielinski
Searching for Monica	director	José María Forqué
Friends of God: A Road Trip with Alexandra Pelosi	director	Alexandra Pelosi
Fight Club – Members Only	director	Vikram Chopra
My Road to Nowhere	director	Mark Stegemann
The Post-Modern Prometheus	director	Chris Carter (screenwriter)
Dragonwyck (film)	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
The Two Blind Men	director	Georges Méliès
In the Shadow of the Sun	director	Derek Jarman
Sherlock Holmes Baffled	director	Arthur Marvin
Grandma's Reading Glass	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
As Seen Through a Telescope	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
One Night in One City	director	Jan Balej
Mr. Woodcock	director	Craig Gillespie
Mr. Woodcock	director	David Dobkin (director)
Dangerous to Know	director	Robert Florey
No Smoking (2007 film)	director	Anurag Kashyap (director)
Sing You Sinners (1938 film)	director	Wesley Ruggles
No Man of Her Own (1932 film)	director	Wesley Ruggles
College Humor (film)	director	Wesley Ruggles
The Mission (1999 film)	director	Johnnie To
The End of the Affair (1955 film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Dayman Ma`ak	director	Henry Barakat
Appointment with Happiness	director	Ezzel Dine Zulficar
The Accidental Tourist (film)	director	Lawrence Kasdan
Against All Flags	director	George Sherman
Arriba Juventud	director	Leo Fleider
Across the Pacific	director	John Huston
Across the Pacific	director	Vincent Sherman
The Troubles (Law & Order)	director	John Whitesell
The Exceptional Jivatma Valettas	director	Will Inrig
The Violence of Summer (Law & Order)	director	Don Scardino
Prisoner of Love (Law & Order)	director	Michael Fresco
Indifference (Law & Order)	director	James Quinn
Happily Ever After (Law & Order)	director	Vern Gillum
A Death in the Family (Law & Order)	director	Gwen Arner
Go West (2005 film)	director	Ahmed Imamovic
Bewitching Kisses	director	José A. Ferreyra
Mega Man (TV series)	director	Ruby-Spears Productions#Joe Ruby and Ken Spears
Mega Man (TV series)	director	Ruby-Spears Productions#Joe Ruby and Ken Spears
The Taming of the Shrew (1967 film)	director	Franco Zeffirelli
Vikram (film)	director	Rajasekhar
Lyubimetz 13	director	Vladimir Yanchev
Port of Call	director	Ingmar Bergman
Dream of Light	director	Víctor Erice
Cross Jurisdictions	director	Danny Cannon
Chura Liyaa Hai Tumne	director	Sangeeth Sivan
The Groundhog Day	director	Ian Toynton
Blind Chance	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Speed (2007 film)	director	Vikram Bhatt
Cleaner (film)	director	Renny Harlin
Mentor (film)	director	David Langlitz
Who's That Girl (1987 film)	director	James Foley
The Codes	director	Wojciech Jerzy Has
Pervert!	director	Jonathan Yudis
The Eighth Happiness	director	Johnnie To
Benny's Video	director	Michael Haneke
Redrum (CSI)	director	Martha Coolidge
Asalto a la ciudad	director	Carlos Cores
Slim Susie	director	Ulf Malmros
Seachd: The Inaccessible Pinnacle	director	Simon Miller
Shockproof	director	Douglas Sirk
Shades of Love: Tangerine Taxi	director	Mort Ransen
Barney's Magical Musical Adventure	director	Jim Rowley
Funny Dirty Little War	director	Héctor Olivera
Bodyguard Kiba (1993 film)	director	Takashi Miike
Osaka Tough Guys	director	Takashi Miike
Ley Lines (film)	director	Takashi Miike
Business School (The Office)	director	Joss Whedon
Berlin: Symphony of a Metropolis	director	Walter Ruttmann
Monster from Green Hell	director	Kenneth G. Crane
The Bad Man of Brimstone	director	J. Walter Ruben
China Girl (1987 film)	director	Abel Ferrara
Bad Bascomb (1946 film)	director	S. Sylvan Simon
20 Mule Team	director	Richard Thorpe
Tugboat Annie Sails Again	director	Lewis Seiler
Captain Tugboat Annie	director	Phil Rosen
Barbary Coast Gent	director	Roy Del Ruth
Cattle Queen of Montana	director	Allan Dwan
A History of the Blue Movie	director	Alex de Renzy
Traffic Signal (film)	director	Madhur Bhandarkar
Outpost (film)	director	Steve Barker
I Thank a Fool	director	Robert Stevens (director)
The President's Lady	director	Henry Levin
Untamed (1955 film)	director	Henry King (director)
Entre Nous	director	Diane Kurys
Ada (film)	director	Daniel Mann
Top Secret Affair	director	H. C. Potter
Woman Obsessed	director	Henry Hathaway
Bone (1972 film)	director	Larry Cohen
The Lusty Men	director	Nicholas Ray
The Lusty Men	director	Robert Parrish
Thunder in the Sun	director	Russell Rouse
Beck – Skarpt läge	director	Harald Hamrell
Walt Disney Presents: Annette	director	Charles Lamont
Farinelli (film)	director	Gérard Corbiau
Anna Magdalena	director	Yee Chung-Man
American Madness	director	Frank Capra
Bathing Beauty	director	George Sidney
My Perspective	director	John Putch
My Therapeutic Month	director	Ken Whittingham
McQ	director	John Sturges
Nesting Dolls	director	Bill Eagles
Down the Drain	director	Kenneth Fink
Kiss-Kiss, Bye-Bye	director	Danny Cannon
One Nite in Mongkok	director	Derek Yee
Metade Fumaca	director	Kam-Hung Yip
Funeral in Berlin (film)	director	Guy Hamilton
Gryphon (film)	director	Andrew Prowse
Great Expectations (1989 TV miniseries)	director	Kevin Connor (director)
West Point of the Air	director	Richard Rosson (filmmaker)
A Lady's Morals	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
The Mighty Barnum	director	Walter Lang
Way for a Sailor	director	Sam Wood
Flesh (1932 film)	director	John Ford
Old Hutch	director	J. Walter Ruben
Él (film)	director	Luis Buñuel
Kremmen: The Movie	director	John Sunderland (film director)
The Good Old Soak	director	J. Walter Ruben
Now You See Love, Now You Don't	director	Mabel Cheung
Now You See Love, Now You Don't	director	Alex Law
Slave Ship (1937 film)	director	Tay Garnett
O'Shaughnessy's Boy	director	Richard Boleslavsky
Port of Seven Seas	director	James Whale
Stand Up and Fight	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Halla Bol	director	Rajkumar Santoshi
Stablemates	director	Sam Wood
The Bad Man	director	Richard Thorpe
Sergeant Madden	director	Josef von Sternberg
A Class Divided	director	William Peters (journalist)
All of a Sudden (film)	director	Herman Yau
The Mistress (TV series)	director	Gareth Gwenlan
Las Aventuras del Capitán Piluso en el Castillo del Terror	director	Francis Lauric
Un Asunto Privado	director	Imanol Arias
Agnipankh	director	Sanjiv Puri
A Place in the World (Upstairs, Downstairs)	director	Christopher Hodson
Mandy (film)	director	Alexander Mackendrick
Mandy (film)	director	Fred F. Sears
Sira` Fi al-Wadi	director	Youssef Chahine
Conversations with Other Women	director	Hans Canosa
Amu (film)	director	Shonali Bose
After All It's Only Life	director	Víctor Dínenzon
I Can Get It for You Wholesale (film)	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
Besos en la Frente	director	Carlos Galettini
White Witch Doctor (film)	director	Henry Hathaway
Rawhide (1951 film)	director	Henry Hathaway
I'd Climb the Highest Mountain	director	Henry King (director)
The Saxon Charm	director	Claude Binyon
Asesinato en el Senado de la Nación	director	Juan José Jusid
Pigskin Parade (film)	director	David Butler (director)
The Lost Moment	director	Martin Gabel
Thoroughbreds Don't Cry	director	Alfred E. Gree
Keroro Gunso the Super Movie 2: The Deep Sea Princess	director	Junichi Sato
Everybody Sing (film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
Achanurangatha Veedu	director	Lal Jose
Grace Is Gone	director	James C. Strouse
Ghosts (2006 film)	director	Nick Broomfield
Mr. Romeo	director	Ravi (music director)
Meet Market	director	Paris Barclay
Once (film)	director	John Carney (director)
Thank You, Jeeves!	director	Arthur Greville Collins
The Chairman	director	J. Lee Thompson
Passage to Zarahemla	director	Chris Heimerdinger
Thunder Afloat	director	George B. Seitz
The Man from Dakota	director	Leslie Fenton
Wyoming (1940 film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Jackass Mail	director	Norman Z. McLeod
The Bugle Sounds	director	S. Sylvan Simon
Barnacle Bill (1941 film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Salute to the Marines	director	S. Sylvan Simon
Rationing (1944 film)	director	Willis Goldbeck
Fatherland (novel)  Fatherland   1	director	Christopher Menaul
Evelyn: The Cutest Evil Dead Girl	director	Brad Peyton
This Man's Navy	director	William A. Wellman
The Mighty McGurk	director	John Waters (filmmaker)
Alias a Gentleman	director	Harry Beaumont
A Date with Judy (film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Big Jack (film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Chinatown Nights (1929 film)	director	William A. Wellman
The Losers (film)	director	Sylvain White
Hawking (TV film)	director	Philip Martin (director)
The Black Balloon (film)	director	Elissa Down
Nasib Si Labu Labi	director	P. Ramlee
Buenos Aires Plateada	director	Luis Barone
Seniman Bujang Lapok	director	P. Ramlee
Seniman Bujang Lapok	director	S Sudarmaji
Pendekar Bujang Lapok	director	P. Ramlee
Masam Masam Manis	director	P. Ramlee
Deuda	director	Jorge Lanata
Deuda	director	Andrés G. Schaer
Spoils of War	director	David Blaustein
Murdered at Distance	director	Santiago Carlos Oves
Así es el tango	director	Eduardo Morera
Ayyamna al-Holwa	director	Helmy Halim
Hercules: Zero to Hero	director	Bob Kline (film director)
Cohen vs. Rosi	director	Daniel Barone
The Double McGuffin	director	Joe Camp
Chuang Tapestry	director	Qian Jagun
Things Aren't Simple Any More	director	Christine Gernon
Buenos Aires me mata	director	Beda Docampo Feijóo
Possessed (1931 film)	director	Clarence Brown
Hum Paanch (1980 film)	director	Bapu (artist)
Avivato	director	Enrique Cahen Salaberry
Chiquititas: Rincón de luz	director	José Luis Massa
Tail Gunner Joe	director	Jud Taylor
Así es Buenos Aires	director	Emilio Vieyra
Little 8th Route Army	director	Lei You
The Watcher (film)	director	Joe Charbanic
Strange Culture	director	Lynn Hershman Leeson
The Last of the Blonde Bombshells	director	Gillies MacKinnon
Traumschiff Surprise – Periode 1	director	Michael Herbig
Bad Timing (Farscape episode)	director	Andrew Prowse
I Am the Law (film)	director	Edwin Carewe
The Flame of Life	director	Hobart Henley
Stormswept	director	Robert Thornby
This Is England	director	Shane Meadows
Richard the Lion-Hearted (1923 film)	director	Chester Withey
Now We're in the Air	director	Frank R. Strayer
The Thundering Herd	director	Henry Hathaway
The Thundering Herd (1925 film)	director	William K. Howard
Hob wa Dumoo`	director	Kamal El Sheikh
Flashes Before Your Eyes	director	Jack Bender
Appointment with Love	director	Henry Barakat
Statross le Magnifique	director	Rémi Lange
Condemned to Live	director	Frank R. Strayer
The Boy (TV series)	director	Anile Prakash
It's Murder!	director	Sam Raimi
A Social Celebrity	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
Felidae (film)	director	Michael Schaack
Raghu Romeo	director	Rajat Kapoor
Adventure Time  "Adventure Time"   1	director	Pendleton Ward
Manda Bala (Send a Bullet)	director	Jason Kohn and Joey Frank
Padre Nuestro	director	Christopher Zalla
Martín (hache)	director	Adolfo Aristarain
Nob Hill (1945 film)	director	Henry Hathaway
Padre nuestro (2005 film)	director	Rodrigo Sepúlveda
Bolivia (film)	director	Adrián Caetano
Wake of the Red Witch	director	Edward Ludwig
King (TV miniseries)	director	Abby Mann
Movie Movie	director	Stanley Donen
College Holiday	director	Frank Tuttle
Only You (1994 film)	director	Norman Jewison
The Truth About Alex	director	Paul Shapiro (director)
College (1927 film)	director	James W. Horne
College (1927 film)	director	Buster Keaton
Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Hiroshima Deathmatch	director	Kinji Fukasaku
The Great Moment (1921 film)	director	Sam Wood
La Cicala	director	Alberto Lattuada
Malicious (1973 film)	director	Salvatore Samperi
The Moon's Our Home	director	William A. Seiter
Something of Value	director	Richard Brooks
The Sicilian (film)	director	Michael Cimino
The Divine Nymph	director	Giuseppe Patroni Griffi
Band of Angels	director	Raoul Walsh
A Lion Is in the Streets	director	Raoul Walsh
Blood Ties (TV series)	director	David Winning
Long Road to Heaven	director	Enison Sinaro
The Backwoods	director	Koldo Serra
Agent Wild Duck	director	Marko Raat
Clockwork (film)	director	Sam Raimi
Tricia Tanaka Is Dead	director	Eric Laneuville
Thunderhead, Son of Flicka (film)	director	Louis King
Stranger in a Strange Land (Lost)	director	Paris Barclay
Cannibal Rollerbabes	director	Kalman Szegvary
The Lighthouse (film)	director	Eduardo Mignogna
I Am a Curious Gaijin	director	Masaaki Fujimori
Regeneration (1997 film)	director	Gillies MacKinnon
All the Brothers Were Valiant	director	Richard Thorpe
The Bullfighter and the Lady	director	Budd Boetticher
Klondike Annie	director	Raoul Walsh
Desperate Journey	director	Raoul Walsh
Northern Pursuit	director	Raoul Walsh
Gentleman Jim (film)	director	Raoul Walsh
Cocaine Wars	director	Héctor Olivera
The Man Who Came Back	director	Raoul Walsh
Sira` Fi al-Mina	director	Youssef Chahine
The Gene Krupa Story	director	Don Weis
Shangoul and Mangoul	director	Farkhondeh Torabi
Shangoul and Mangoul	director	Merteza Ahadi
Tareeq al-Amal	director	Ezzel Dine Zulficar
My Name Is Shanghai Joe	director	Mario Caiano
Constellation (film)	director	Jordan Walker-Pearlman
The Best Day of My Life	director	Cristina Comencini
My No Good Reason	director	Zach Braff
My Long Goodbye	director	Victor Nelli, Jr.
Behind the Mask: The Rise of Leslie Vernon	director	Scott Glosserman
Eleni (film)	director	Peter Yates
The Naked Brothers Band (TV series)	director	Polly Draper
The Naked Brothers Band (TV series)	director	Melanie Mayron
Fracture (2004 film)	director	Larry Parr (director)
Paddy the Next Best Thing	director	Harry Lachman
Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Proxy War	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Police Tactics	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Battles Without Honor and Humanity: Final Episode	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Cape of Good Hope (film)	director	Mark Bamford
Graveyard of Honor (1975 film)	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Graveyard of Honor (2002 film)	director	Takashi Miike
The League of Frightened Men (1937 film)	director	Alfred E. Green
Servants' Entrance	director	Frank Lloyd
Servants' Entrance	director	Walt Disney
Toad Warrior	director	Donald G. Jackson
Toad Warrior	director	Scott Shaw
The Key (1961 film)	director	Lev Atamanov
The Revolt of Mamie Stover (film)	director	Raoul Walsh
Ard al-Salam	director	Kamal El Sheikh
Chronicle of an Escape	director	Adrián Caetano
Everything Will Be OK	director	Don Hertzfeldt
Edison, the Man	director	Clarence Brown
Taarzan: The Wonder Car	director	Abbas-Mustan
Taarzan: The Wonder Car	director	Abbas-Mustan
Asunto terminado	director	Kurt Land
Such Is Life (1939 film)	director	Francisco Múgica
The Devil's Nightmare	director	Jean Brismée
Them (2006 film)	director	Xavier Palud
Así No Hay Cama Que Aguante	director	Hugo Sofovich
Extraordinary Rendition (film)	director	Jim Threapleton
Antara Dua Darjat	director	P. Ramlee
Pulse: A Stomp Odyssey	director	Luke Cresswell
Pulse: A Stomp Odyssey	director	Steve McNicholas
How She Move	director	Ian Iqbal Rashid
Sunny Side Up (film)	director	David Butler (director)
The Sun Comes Up	director	Richard Thorpe
Aag (1948 film)	director	Raj Kapoor
High Society Blues	director	David Butler (director)
The First Year	director	William K. Howard
Come Back, Africa	director	Lionel Rogosin
Relax...It's Just Sex	director	P. J. Castellaneta
One More Spring	director	Henry King (director)
Chinati Foundation	director	Thomas Kellein
Three Loves Has Nancy	director	Richard Thorpe
Carolina (1934 film)	director	Henry King (director)
Small Town Girl (1936 film)	director	William A. Wellman
White as Snow (Captain Scarlet)	director	Robert Lynn (director)
Laurel Avenue	director	Carl Franklin
My Words of Wisdom	director	Victor Nelli, Jr.
Sergeant Swell of the Mounties	director	Len Janson
Sergeant Swell of the Mounties	director	Chuck Menville
Cocktails (The Office)	director	J. J. Abrams
Marriage with a Fool	director	Patrick Kong
Message from Space	director	Kinji Fukasaku
The Tiger Makes Out	director	Arthur Hiller
The Case of the Franks	director	Norman Buckley
Adrift (Stargate Atlantis)	director	Martin Wood
Lifeline (Stargate Atlantis)	director	Martin Wood
Lifeline (Stargate Atlantis)	director	Andy Mikita
Lassie (1994 film)	director	Daniel Petrie
Juego de Niños	director	Leopoldo Laborde
Howrah Bridge (film)	director	Shakti Samanta
Christina (1929 film)	director	William K. Howard
Forgetting Sarah Marshall	director	Nicholas Stoller
4 Devils	director	F. W. Murnau
Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story	director	Jake Kasdan
Pineapple Express (film)	director	David Gordon Green
Anarchism in America (film)	director	Steven Fischler
Anarchism in America (film)	director	Joel Sucher
Neel Kamal (1947 film)	director	Kidar Sharma
Neel Kamal (1968 film)	director	Ram Maheshwari
Def-Con 4	director	Paul Donovan (writer)
Dracula vs. Frankenstein	director	Al Adamson
Our Story Our Voice	director	Owen 'Alik Shahadah
Así O De Otra Manera	director	David José Kohon
Khaidi No.786	director	Vijaya Bapineedu
Hobbi al-Wahid	director	Kamal El Sheikh
My Only Love	director	I Luv NY
Así te deseo	director	Belisario García Villar
Un Atardecer de Amor	director	Rogelio Geissmann
Adventures of Don Juan	director	Vincent Sherman
The Temptress	director	Fred Niblo
The Noon Gun	director	Anthony Stern
Trois	director	Rob Hardy
Nuremberg Trials (film)	director	C. Svilov
Alli Arjuna	director	Saran (director)
Trois 2: Pandora's Box	director	Rob Hardy
Trois 3: The Escort	director	Sylvain White
Cages	director	Graham Streeter
Tracks (film)	director	Henry Jaglom
Gang of Roses	director	Jean-Claude La Marre
The Mystery of the Marie Celeste	director	Denison Clift
The Geisha House	director	Kinji Fukasaku
The Gate of Youth	director	Kinji Fukasaku
The Gate of Youth	director	Koreyoshi Kurahara
Black Rose Mansion	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Family (2001 film)	director	Takashi Miike
H. G. Wells' The War of the Worlds (2005 film)	director	Timothy Hines
Shangri-La (2002 film)	director	Takashi Miike
Crest of Betrayal	director	Kinji Fukasaku
The Triple Cross	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Triple Cross (1966 film)	director	Terence Young (director)
The Prisoner of Zenda (1937 film)	director	John Cromwell (director)
The Prisoner of Zenda (1937 film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Manasu Maata Vinadhu	director	V.N. Aditya
The Prisoner of Zenda (1952 film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Así te quiero	director	Edmo Cominetti
Bharatham	director	Sibi Malayil
Cannibal Hookers	director	Donald Farmer
Bongoland	director	Josiah Kibira
Darling (2007 film)	director	Johan Kling
Whisky Galore! (film)	director	Alexander Mackendrick
Grant Unto Him Eternal Rest	director	Declan Lowney
New Jack City (Father Ted)	director	Declan Lowney
The Horsemen (1971 film)	director	John Frankenheimer
A Ninja Pays Half My Rent	director	Steven Tsuchida
The Ultimate Thrill	director	Robert Butler (director)
Cooking with Stella	director	Dilip Mehta
Lurking in Suburbia	director	Mitchell Altieri
The Bread and Alley	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Breaktime	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Bhool Bhulaiyaa	director	Priyadarshan
Laugh a Little Louder Please	director	Chevron Cars Ltd
Bashu, the Little Stranger	director	Bahram Bayzai
A Wedding Suit	director	Abbas Kiarostami
First Case, Second Case	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Dead Man's Cards	director	James Marquand
The Report	director	Abbas Kiarostami
The Experience (film)	director	Abbas Kiarostami
The Traveller (1974 film)	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Fellow Citizen	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Rupert (TV series)	director	Dale Schott
So Can I	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Two Solutions for One Problem	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Rang-ha (film)	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Rupert Bear, Follow the Magic...	director	Barry Purves
How to Make Use of Leisure Time: Painting	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Tribute to the Teachers	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Solution (film)	director	Abbas Kiarostami
The Shake Up	director	Ian Toynton
Orderly or Disorderly	director	Abbas Kiarostami
The Chorus (1982 film)	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Toothache (film)	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Mozhi	director	Radha Mohan
First Graders	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Kelid	director	Ebrahim Forouzesh
Homework (1989 film)	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Swing Shift (film)	director	Jonathan Demme
Journey to the Land of the Traveller	director	Bahman Kiarostami
Angst (1983 film)	director	Gerald Kargl
Pizza, Beer, and Cigarettes (film)	director	Adrián Caetano
Pizza, Beer, and Cigarettes (film)	director	Bruno Stagnaro
The Hustler (film)	director	Robert Rossen
The Journey (1995 film)	director	Ali-Reza Raisian
The Night Moves	director	Patrick Norris
Five (2003 film)	director	Abbas Kiarostami
ABC Africa	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Heathcliff: The Movie	director	Bruno Bianchi (cartoonist)
Joy of Learning	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Tickets (film)	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Tickets (film)	director	Ken Loach
Tickets (film)	director	Ermanno Olmi
Ten (film)	director	Abbas Kiarostami
The Roads of Kiarostami	director	Abbas Kiarostami
The Joy Ride	director	Bill Bain (director)
Adhu Oru Kana Kaalam	director	Balu Mahendra
Sathyam (2004 film)	director	Vinayan
Kangalal Kaidhu Sei	director	P. Bharathiraja
Shadow Run (film)	director	Geoffrey Reeve
Digger (Bottom episode)	director	Ed Bye
A Killer Within	director	Brad Keller
Shine a Light (film)	director	Martin Scorsese
Kamchatka (film)	director	Marcelo Piñeyro
Yo-Yo Girl Cop	director	Kenta Fukasaku
Walk Softly, Stranger	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Man Made Monster	director	George Waggner
Before the Devil Knows You're Dead	director	Sidney Lumet
Enter 77	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Saturday Night and Sunday Morning (film)	director	Karel Reisz
Law of Gravity	director	Richard J. Lewis
Morton & Hayes	director	Michael McKean
Morton & Hayes	director	Christopher Guest
The Wild Swans (film)	director	Mikhail Tsekhanovsky
Alone with Her	director	Eric Nicholas
The Man In White	director	Takashi Miike
Ten 'til Noon	director	Scott Storm
Bedlam (film)	director	Mark Robson
Deadwater (film)	director	Roel Reiné
A King's Story	director	Harry Booth
The Man from the Diner's Club	director	Frank Tashlin
Dakan	director	Mohamed Camara (film director)
Woubi Chéri	director	Laurent Bocahut
A Taste of Honey (film)	director	Tony Richardson
Culture (Bottom episode)	director	Ed Bye
Thrill Seekers (film)	director	Mario Azzopardi
Verna: USO Girl	director	Ronald F. Maxwell
Suture (film)	director	Scott McGehee
Suture (film)	director	David Siegel
Ashik Kerib (film)	director	Sergei Parajanov
Ashik Kerib (film)	director	Dodo Abashidze
West of Zanzibar (1928 film)	director	Tod Browning
Body and Soul (1927 film)	director	Reginald Barker
The Devil-Doll	director	Tod Browning
Love of May	director	Hsu Hsiao-ming
Wives Under Suspicion	director	James Whale
The Kiss Before the Mirror	director	James Whale
Disbarred (1939 film)	director	Robert Florey
Wagon Wheels (1934 film)	director	Charles Barton
Fighting Caravans	director	Otto Brower
Fighting Caravans	director	David Burton (director)
The Piano Man's Daughter (film)	director	Kevin Sullivan (producer)
Two in the Dark	director	Benjamin Stoloff
Scenes of a Sexual Nature	director	Ed Blum
Khoya Khoya Chand	director	Sudhir Mishra
Adrenalin: Fear the Rush	director	Albert Pyun
Lazos de Amor	director	Miguel Córcega
Dirty Hands (2008 drama film)	director	Cetywa Powell
Par Avion	director	Paul A. Edwards
The Hanoi Hilton (film)	director	Lionel Chetwynd
When a Woman Ascends the Stairs	director	Mikio Naruse
Un Oso Rojo	director	Adrián Caetano
Mr. Merlin	director	Bill Bixby
Mr. Merlin	director	Harry Winer
Mr. Merlin	director	James Frawley
Deadly Outlaw: Rekka	director	Takashi Miike
Foolish Heart (1998 film)	director	Héctor Babenco
Pandoora	director	Takashi Miike
N!ai, the Story of a !Kung Woman	director	John Marshall (filmmaker)
Agitator (film)	director	Takashi Miike
Waru (2006 film)	director	Takashi Miike
Waru: kanketsu-hen	director	Takashi Miike
A Man Called "Bee": Studying the Yanomamo	director	Tim Asch
A Man Called "Bee": Studying the Yanomamo	director	Napoleon Chagnon
Trading Women	director	David A. Feingold
The Trial of Henry Blake	director	Don Weis
The City of Lost Souls	director	Takashi Miike
El Cantar de mi ciudad	director	José A. Ferreyra
A Human Murder Weapon	director	Takashi Miike
Shinjuku Outlaw	director	Takashi Miike
The Way to Fight	director	Takashi Miike
Before Flying Back to the Earth	director	Arūnas Matelis
Young Thugs: Innocent Blood	director	Takashi Miike
Young Thugs: Nostalgia	director	Takashi Miike
Blues Harp (film)	director	Takashi Miike
Man, A Natural Girl	director	Takashi Miike
The Guys from Paradise	director	Takashi Miike
Man, Next Natural Girl: 100 Nights In Yokohama	director	Takashi Miike
Being at Home with Claude	director	Jean Beaudin
Rave Un2 the Year 2000	director	Geoff Wonfor
La Maleva	director	José A. Ferreyra
Unexpected (Heroes)	director	Greg Beeman
Company Man	director	Allan Arkush
Run!	director	Roxann Dawson
Communion (1989 film)	director	Philippe Mora
Heidi's Song	director	Robert Taylor (animator)
Juvies	director	Karen Grau
The Soul of Nigger Charley	director	Larry Spangler
All's Well, Ends Well 1997	director	Alfred Cheung
Small Town Gay Bar	director	Malcolm Ingram
Passing Glory	director	Steve James (producer)
Hail the Judge	director	Wong Jing
Sixty Million Dollar Man	director	Wai Man Yip
Love on Delivery	director	Stephen Chow
Love on Delivery	director	Lee Lik-chi
The Mad Monk	director	Johnnie To
My Hero 2	director	Joe Chu
Justice, My Foot!	director	Johnnie To
Wild Girl (film)	director	Raoul Walsh
The Deadly Game	director	Phil Rosen
The River (1929 film)	director	Frank Borzage
White of the Eye (film)	director	Donald Cammell
Corazón de criolla	director	José A. Ferreyra
Save the Last Dance 2	director	David Petrarca
Hatter's Castle (film)	director	Lance Comfort
Harriet the Spy (film)	director	Bronwen Hughes
The Assam Garden	director	Mary McMurray
Buenos Aires, Summer 1912	director	Oscar Kantor
Prudence and the Pill	director	Fielder Cook
Prudence and the Pill	director	Ronald Neame
The Big Bad Swim	director	Ishai Setton
The Pink Panther in: Olym-Pinks	director	Friz Freleng
Danger Within	director	Don Chaffey
Camille (Barton film)	director	Ralph Barton
Model Spy	director	Ken Turner (director)
My Wishes	director	Lam Yee Hung
Mr. Untouchable	director	Marc Levin
Two Flags West	director	Robert Wise
Blind Fury	director	Phillip Noyce
Dream Wife	director	Sidney Sheldon
Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? (film)	director	Mike Nichols
Kilometer 31	director	Rigoberto Castañeda
The Ipcress File (film)	director	Sidney J. Furie
The Spy Who Came in from the Cold (film)	director	Martin Ritt
My Sassy Girl (2008 film)	director	Yann Samuell
The Deer's Bell	director	Wu Qiang
The Deer's Bell	director	Tang Cheng
Alone Across Australia	director	Ian Darling
Alone Across Australia	director	Jon Muir
Captive Hearts (film)	director	Paul Almond
Samurai (film)	director	Balaji Sakthivel
Kanda Naal Mudhal	director	V. Priya
Submarine Patrol	director	John Ford
Tail Spin	director	Roy Del Ruth
Tarzan's Desert Mystery	director	Wilhelm Thiele
The Woman Who Came Back	director	Walter Colmes
Parachute Battalion	director	Leslie Goodwins
To the Shores of Tripoli	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Sailor's Lady	director	Allan Dwan
Private Affairs	director	Albert S. Rogell
Below (film)	director	David Twohy
Want (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
The Naked Edge	director	Michael Anderson (director)
On Dress Parade	director	William Clemens (film director)
On Dress Parade	director	Noel M. Smith
La Ciénaga (film)	director	Lucrecia Martel
Beloved Infidel	director	Henry King (director)
Sagan om Karl-Bertil Jonssons julafton	director	Per Åhlin
Sorority House Massacre II	director	Jim Wynorski
Plaga Zombie	director	Pablo Parés
Plaga Zombie	director	Hernán Sáez
Double Bunk	director	C.M.Pennington-Richards
Plaga Zombie: Zona Mutante	director	Pablo Parés
Plaga Zombie: Zona Mutante	director	Hernán Sáez
The Family Secret (1924 film)	director	William A. Seiter
Cóndor Crux, la leyenda	director	Juan Pablo Buscarini
Cóndor Crux, la leyenda	director	Swan Glecer
Hard to Die	director	Jim Wynorski
Chile 672	director	Pablo Bardauil
I Am Josh Polonski's Brother	director	Raphael Nadjari
The Last September    1	director	Deborah Warner
Nepali (film)	director	V. Z. Durai
Intimate Stories	director	Carlos Sorín
The Climb (1999 film)	director	Bob Swaim
Hermanas	director	Julia Solomonoff
High School Musical 3: Senior Year	director	Kenny Ortega
Fly-by-Night (film)	director	Robert Siodmak
Scotland Yard (1941 film)	director	Norman Foster (director)
A Very Young Lady	director	Harold D. Schuster
Friendly Enemies	director	Allan Dwan
Tornado (1943 film)	director	William A. Berke
Gambler's Choice	director	Frank McDonald
Show Business (1944 film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
Double Exposure (1944 film)	director	William A. Berke
Betrayal from the East	director	William A. Berke
Song of the Sarong	director	Harold Young
Murder in the Music Hall	director	John English (director)
Crowded Paradise	director	Fred Pressburger
Follow That Woman	director	Lew Landers
The Untamed Lady	director	Frank Tuttle
Mismates	director	Charles Brabin
Summer of Aviya	director	Eli Cohen (actor)
Wanted (2008 film)	director	Timur Bekmambetov
Outcast of the Islands	director	Carol Reed
Puzzlehead	director	James Bai
NBA on TBS	director	Tom Smith (director)
NBA on TBS	director	Skip Ellison (director)
NBA on TBS	director	Mark A. Goldsmith
NBA on TBS	director	Michael Reardon, Jr.
The Lady Iron Chef	director	Chung Siu Hung
Jack the Giant Killer (1962 film)	director	Nathan H. Juran
Heartland (Australian TV series)	director	Paul Faint
Heartland (Australian TV series)	director	Scott Hartford-Davis
Heartland (Australian TV series)	director	Kate Woods
Wandering Detective: Tragedy in Red Valley	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Claire of the Moon	director	Nicole Conn
Wandering Detective: Black Wind in the Harbor	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Something Very Expensive	director	Steve Shill
Take Me Home Tonight (film)	director	Michael Dowse
Twist Around the Clock	director	Oscar Rudolph
Kidnapping, Caucasian Style	director	Leonid Gaidai
The Tale of Tsar Saltan (1984 film)	director	Lev Milchin
The Tale of Tsar Saltan (1984 film)	director	Ivan Ivanov-Vano
Who Am I This Time? (film)	director	Jonathan Demme
The Holy Girl	director	Lucrecia Martel
The Lady Vanishes (1938 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
ChaalBaaz	director	Pankaj Parashar
The Lady Vanishes (1979 film)	director	Anthony Page
Taj Mahal (2000 film)	director	P. Bharathiraja
Bastards of the Party	director	Cle Shaheed Sloan
The Minder (film)	director	Rodrigo Moreno
Shooting Gallery (film)	director	Keoni Waxman
Sakura Wars: The Movie	director	Mitsuru Hongo
The Power of the Dark Crystal	director	Spierig brothers
The Power of the Dark Crystal	director	Spierig brothers
One Woman or Two	director	Daniel Vigne
Hell's Wind Staff	director	Chin-Ku Lu
Hasta el viento tiene miedo	director	Carlos Enrique Taboada
Tank Girl (film)	director	Rachel Talalay
Más negro que la noche	director	Carlos Enrique Taboada
Leatherheads	director	George Clooney
Vaasthavam	director	M. Padmakumar
Sophiatown (film)	director	Pascale Lamche
L'Arroseur Arrosé	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
Doli Saja Ke Rakhna	director	Priyadarshan
West and Soda	director	Bruno Bozzetto
Manikanda	director	Selva (director)
7 Dwarves – Men Alone in the Wood	director	Sven Unterwaldt Jr.
Unlawful Entry (film)	director	Jonathan Kaplan
Parrish (film)	director	Delmer Daves
The Retrievers	director	Paul Schneider (director)
English Babu Desi Mem	director	Praveen Nischol
The Day the Fish Came Out	director	Michael Cacoyannis
How to Make the Cruelest Month	director	Kip Koenig
The Island (2006 film)	director	Pavel Lungin
Bidaya wa Nihaya	director	Salah Abu Seif
Botë e padukshme	director	Kristaq Dhamo
Two Weeks	director	Steve Stockman (director)
The Dukes of Hazzard: Hazzard in Hollywood!	director	Bradford May
Brazdat	director	Kristaq Dhamo
Hansel and Gretel: An Opera Fantasy	director	Michael Myerberg
Christmas Carol (The X-Files)	director	Peter Markle
Emily (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
Kitsunegari	director	Daniel Sackheim
Frontier Marshal (1934 film)	director	Lewis Seiler
Frontier Marshal (1939 film)	director	Allan Dwan
Melenita de oro	director	José A. Ferreyra
I Phouska	director	Nikos Perakis
Qortimet e vjeshtës	director	Kristaq Dhamo
Nga mesi i errësirës	director	Kristaq Dhamo
Rrugicat që kërkonin diell	director	Saimir Kumbaro
Njësiti guerril	director	Hysen Hakani
People on Sunday	director	Robert Siodmak
Ghosts of Abu Ghraib	director	Rory Kennedy
The Monster and the Girl	director	Stuart Heisler
Au Pair (film)	director	Mark Griffiths (film director)
The Taking of Pelham One Two Three (1998 film)	director	Félix Enríquez Alcalá
Den ofrivillige golfaren	director	Lasse Åberg
Black Lizard (film)	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Six: The Mark Unleashed	director	Kevin Downes
In Old Oklahoma	director	Albert S. Rogell
Dhai Akshar Prem Ke	director	Raj Kanwar
Don't Give Up on Us	director	Joyce E. Bernal
Outlaw (2007 film)	director	Nick Love
Angels One Five	director	George More O'Ferrall
Lady Snowblood (film)	director	Toshiya Fujita (director)
Star Spangled Rhythm	director	George Marshall (director)
Star Spangled Rhythm	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Star Spangled Rhythm	director	William Watson
Star Spangled Rhythm	director	Frank Tuttle
Star Spangled Rhythm	director	Lewis Allen (director)
Floating Life	director	Clara Law
Young and Willing	director	Edward H. Griffith
Eden Valley (film)	director	Amber Production Team
Eden Valley (film)	director	Richard Grassick
Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run	director	Jill Culton
Boog and Elliot's Midnight Bun Run	director	Anthony Stacchi
Bread, Love and Dreams	director	Luigi Comencini
Attack of the Alligators!	director	David Lane (director)
Cloak and Dagger (1946 film)	director	Fritz Lang
The Scarlet Letter (TV miniseries)	director	Rick Hauser
Up the River	director	John Ford
La Fille du Puisatier	director	Marcel Pagnol
Cass Timberlane	director	George Sidney
Tall in the Saddle	director	Edwin L. Marin
Off the Map (film)	director	Campbell Scott
Waiting for the Messiah	director	Daniel Burman
Bottom of the Sea	director	Damián Szifrón
The Loved One (film)	director	Tony Richardson
Panama (Prison Break)	director	Vincent Misiano
The Penguin's a Jinx	director	Robert Butler (director)
The Joker Is Wild (Batman episode)	director	Don Weis
Batman Is Riled	director	Don Weis
Burn It	director	John Duthie
Burn It	director	Adam Rowley
Monster on the Campus	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Do You Like Hitchcock?	director	Dario Argento
Man Trouble	director	Bob Rafelson
I Know How Many Runs You Scored Last Summer	director	Stacey Edmonds
I Know How Many Runs You Scored Last Summer	director	Doug Turner
The Cabinet of Caligari	director	Roger Kay
The Fighting Kentuckian	director	George Waggner
The Train Robbers	director	Burt Kennedy
Cahill U.S. Marshal	director	Andrew McLaglen
Trouble Along the Way	director	Michael Curtiz
The Sea Chase	director	John Farrow
Jet Pilot (film)	director	Josef von Sternberg
Allegheny Uprising	director	William A. Seiter
The Hit (film)	director	Stephen Frears
Atorrante	director	Enrique de Rosas
Caminito de Gloria	director	Luis César Amadori
War Requiem (film)	director	Derek Jarman
The Hawk (1993 film)	director	David Hayman
Legend of the Inca Bridge	director	José A. Ferreyra
Schlag den Raab	director	Ladislaus Kiraly
A La Cabaret	director	Walter Wright (director)
La Vallée (film)	director	Barbet Schroeder
Battling Butler	director	Buster Keaton
The Method (2005 film)	director	Marcelo Piñeyro
Gideon's Day (film)	director	John Ford
Christmas in July (film)	director	Preston Sturges
King Solomon's Mines (1950 film)	director	Compton Bennett
King Solomon's Mines (1950 film)	director	Andrew Marton
Thomas the Impostor	director	Georges Franju
Private Parts (1997 film)	director	Betty Thomas
Solstice (film)	director	Daniel Myrick
Premium (film)	director	Pete Chatmon
Dreamland (2006 film)	director	Jason Matzner
The Wedding (1972 film)	director	Andrzej Wajda
Educating Rita (film)	director	Lewis Gilbert
The Adventures of Hercules	director	Luigi Cozzi
Shalako (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
100 Days Before the Command	director	Hussein Erkenov
Off Season	director	Bruce Davison
Solo Trans	director	Hal Ashby
The Giant Claw	director	Fred F. Sears
The Land Unknown	director	Virgil W. Vogel
Veneno para las hadas	director	Carlos Enrique Taboada
El Libro de piedra	director	Carlos Enrique Taboada
Stop-Loss (film)	director	Kimberly Peirce
Battle in Seattle	director	Stuart Townsend
The Secret Life of Walter Mitty (film)	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Riders of Destiny	director	Robert N. Bradbury
Beauty (2007 film)	director	Toshio Gotō
Colour Blossoms	director	Yonfan
Thunder on the Hill	director	Douglas Sirk
The Seeker (film)	director	David Loren Cunningham
Three Girls Lost	director	Sidney Lanfield
Last Exit (2006 film)	director	John Fawcett (director)
The Little Matchgirl (film)	director	Roger Allers
Ojos de fuego	director	Jorge Gaggero
Peculiar Attraction	director	Enrique Carreras
Nagin (1954 film)	director	Nandlal Jaswantlal
The Prowler (1981 film)	director	Joseph Zito
Scissors (film)	director	Frank de Felitta
Häpy Endkö? Eli kuinka Uuno Turhapuro sai niin kauniin ja rikkaan vaimon	director	Ere Kokkonen
Cover Me (film)	director	Michael Schroeder
Sultanat	director	Mukul S. Anand
The Fighting Lady	director	Edward Steichen
You and I (film)	director	Roland Joffé
Michael Lucas' La Dolce Vita	director	Michael Lucas (director)
Parzania	director	Rahul Dholakia
Half-Wit	director	Katie Jacobs
The Rounders (1914 film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Justine (1969 film)	director	George Cukor
Justine (1969 film)	director	Joseph Strick
964 Pinocchio	director	Shozin Fukui
I Was Monty's Double (film)	director	John Guillermin
The Iceman Cometh (1973 film)	director	John Frankenheimer
Lottovoittaja UKK Turhapuro	director	Ere Kokkonen
First Love (1970 film)	director	Maximilian Schell
Professori Uuno D.G. Turhapuro	director	Ere Kokkonen
The Good Girl (2004 film)	director	Erika Lust
The Buccaneer (1938 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Idols of the Radio	director	Eduardo Morera
Priceless (film)	director	Pierre Salvadori
El Bonaerense	director	Pablo Trapero
The Gap (film)	director	Mariano Mucci
True Identity	director	Charles Lane (filmmaker)
La Cabalgata del Circo	director	Eduardo Boneo
La Cabalgata del Circo	director	Mario Soffici
In the Shadow of the Raven	director	Hrafn Gunnlaugsson
A Lucky Day	director	Sandra Gugliotta
Viejo smoking	director	Eduardo Morera
My Husband, the Pig	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Dance Party USA (film)	director	Aaron Katz (filmmaker)
Lassiter	director	Roger Young (director)
40 Carats (film)	director	M. J. Frankovich
40 Carats (film)	director	Milton Katselas
Slaughter Studios	director	Brian Katkin
You Don't Mess with the Zohan	director	Dennis Dugan
Criminal (1994 film)	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Demon Island	director	David Hillenbrand
Demon Island	director	Scott Hillenbrand
Akasa Veedhilo	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
Lakshmi Kalyanam	director	Teja
Balkan Spy	director	Dušan Kovačević
Balkan Spy	director	Božidar Nikolić
Uuno Turhapuro – Suomen tasavallan herra presidentti	director	Ere Kokkonen
Uuno Turhapuro – kaksoisagentti	director	Spede Pasanen
Day the World Ended	director	Roger Corman
Todas las azafatas van al cielo	director	Daniel Burman
This Revolution	director	Stephen Marshall (writer)
The Intruder (1962 film)	director	Roger Corman
Kannamoochi Yenada	director	V. Priya
Shukriya: Till Death Do Us Apart	director	Anupam Sinha
Odio serrano	director	José A. Ferreyra
Pallikoodam (film)	director	Thangar Bachan
A.W.O.L. (2006 film)	director	Jack Swanstrom
The Festival of Dionysus	director	Peter Ellis (director)
Glass Lips	director	Lech Majewski
Ares (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Harley Cokeliss
The Kite Runner (film)	director	Marc Forster
In Old Santa Fe	director	David Howard (director)
In Old Santa Fe	director	Joseph Kane
French Twist	director	Josiane Balasko
Atrapadas	director	Aníbal Di Salvo
Weather Is Good on Deribasovskaya, It Rains Again on Brighton Beach	director	Leonid Gaidai
The Beast of Hollow Mountain	director	Edward Nassour
The Minx	director	Michael Glover Smith
Aero NT-54	director	Nikolai Petrov (film director)
Home Rooms	director	Seith Mann
I Even Met Happy Gypsies	director	Aleksandar Petrović (film director)
Wasabi Tuna	director	Lee Friedlander (director)
Bret Maverick: The Lazy Ace	director	Stuart Margolin
The Smurfs and the Magic Flute	director	Peyo
The Smurfs and the Magic Flute	director	Jose Dutillieu
The Smurfs and the Magic Flute	director	Eddie Lateste
The Smurfs and the Magic Flute	director	John Rust
It Rains in My Village	director	Aleksandar Petrović (film director)
The Garden Weasel	director	Ken Kwapis
The Day of the Jackal (film)	director	Fred Zinnemann
The Die is Caste	director	Ranjan Kamath
Real Men	director	Dennis Feldman
Young Soul Rebels	director	Isaac Julien
Gone 2 the Dogs	director	Philip Barnard
Payback (1995 film)	director	Anthony Hickox
Polytechnic University of the Philippines, Taguig	director	Amelita A. Laurente
Hindustan Ki Kasam	director	Chetan Anand (director)
City of Joy (film)	director	Roland Joffé
Salvador Allende (film)	director	Patricio Guzmán
Qeysar (film)	director	Masoud Kimiai
Ela Cheppanu	director	Ramana
Neeku Nenu Naaku Nuvvu	director	Raja Sekhar
Briana Loves Jenna	director	Jay Grdina
Tujhe Meri Kasam	director	K. Vijaya Bhaskar
Il Marchese del Grillo	director	Mario Monicelli
The Cavern (film)	director	Olatunde Osunsanmi
Desert Saints	director	Richard Greenberg (director)
Crimes of Passion (1984 film)	director	Ken Russell
In Bruges	director	Martin McDonagh
Kyaa Kool Hai Hum	director	Sangeeth Sivan
First Snow (2006 film)	director	Mark Fergus and Hawk Ostby
Fin Del Camino (Prison Break)	director	Bobby Roth
Evening (film)	director	Lajos Koltai
Thou Shalt Not Kill (Spooks)	director	Bharat Nalluri
Traitor's Gate (Spooks)	director	Rob Bailey (director)
Night Nurse (1931 film)	director	William A. Wellman
Chennakeshava Reddy	director	V. V. Vinayak
Toby Tyler	director	Charles Barton
Laughter and Grief by the White Sea	director	Leonid Nosyrev
The Book of Revelation (film)	director	Ana Kokkinos
Believe (film)	director	Loki Mulholland
Black Sunday (1977 film)	director	John Frankenheimer
Hans Christian Andersen's The Little Mermaid	director	Tomoharu Katsumata
The Railway Children (film)	director	Lionel Jeffries
The Fighting Irish	director	Dennie Gordon
Blue Sunshine (film)	director	Jeff Lieberman
Dark Matter (film)	director	Chen Shi-Zheng
Trouble in Store	director	John Paddy Carstairs
Danton (1983 film)	director	Andrzej Wajda
Valley of the Kings (film)	director	Robert Pirosh
Mientras Buenos Aires duerme	director	José A. Ferreyra
A Girl like Me (documentary)	director	Kiri Davis
The Taming of the Shrew (1908 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Open Water 2: Adrift	director	Hans Horn (Director)
Savi Savi Nenapu	director	Santosh Rai Pathaje
Parasite (Heroes)	director	Kevin Bray (director)
Hollyrock-a-Bye Baby	director	William Hanna
A Flintstone Christmas	director	Charles August Nichols
Moscow Strikes Back	director	Leonid Varlamov
Moscow Strikes Back	director	Ilya Kopalin
The Man in the Iron Mask (1939 film)	director	James Whale
The Fifth Musketeer	director	Ken Annakin
Dress Big	director	Matthew Diamond
Jai Santoshi Maa	director	Vijay Sharma
The Scoundrel	director	Ben Hecht
The Scoundrel	director	Charles MacArthur
We've Never Been Licked	director	John Rawlins (director)
The Infernal Boiling Pot	director	Georges Méliès
A New Life (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
Out of the Ashes	director	Joseph Sargent
Die Scheinheiligen	director	Thomas Kronthaler
Reach the Rock	director	William Ryan (film director)
Meantime (film)	director	Mike Leigh
Chennai 600028	director	Venkat Prabhu
Triumph of the Spirit	director	Robert M. Young (film director)
Guide to: Notes & Best Friends	director	Paul Hoen
One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich (film)	director	Caspar Wrede
Tommy's First Birthday	director	Howard Baker
Summer in the City (film)	director	Wim Wenders
Conrack	director	Martin Ritt
Sidekick (film)	director	Blake Van de Graaf
Hatsukoi Jigokuhen	director	Susumu Hani
Khamosh	director	Vidhu Vinod Chopra
Sakkarakatti	director	Kala Prabhu
Games of Love and Chance	director	Abdellatif Kechiche
The Hawaiians (film)	director	Tom Gries
My Fishbowl	director	Chris Koch
Broadway Rhythm	director	Roy Del Ruth
The Man Who Haunted Himself	director	Basil Dearden
Jamboree (1957 film)	director	Roy Lockwood
Nagin (1976 film)	director	Rajkumar Kohli
Appointment with Venus (film)	director	Ralph Thomas
Word Is Out: Stories of Some of Our Lives	director	Peter Adair
Word Is Out: Stories of Some of Our Lives	director	Word Is Out: Stories of Some of Our Lives
Word Is Out: Stories of Some of Our Lives	director	Andrew Brown
Word Is Out: Stories of Some of Our Lives	director	Rob Epstein
Viva Maria!	director	Louis Malle
The Sealed Room	director	D. W. Griffith
The Pharaoh's Curse	director	Bob Balaban
H-8 (film)	director	Nikola Tanhofer
While She Was Out	director	Susan Montford
Dead & Buried	director	Gary Sherman (director)
Eversmile, New Jersey	director	Carlos Sorín
James Bond (film series)	director	Terence Young (director)
James Bond (film series)	director	Guy Hamilton
James Bond (film series)	director	Lewis Gilbert
James Bond (film series)	director	Peter R. Hunt
James Bond (film series)	director	John Glen (director)
James Bond (film series)	director	Martin Campbell
James Bond (film series)	director	Roger Spottiswoode
James Bond (film series)	director	Michael Apted
James Bond (film series)	director	Lee Tamahori
James Bond (film series)	director	Marc Forster
James Bond (film series)	director	Sam Mendes
A Killing Affair	director	David Saperstein
The Cat's-Paw	director	Sam Taylor (director)
Career (1959 film)	director	Joseph Anthony
The King of the Kongo	director	Richard Thorpe
The Ace of Scotland Yard	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Monster That Challenged the World	director	Arnold Laven
Jungle Menace	director	Harry L. Fraser
Jungle Menace	director	George Melford
Hot Summer in the City	director	Gail Palmer
Hard Grit	director	Richard Heap
Coolie No.1	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Mr. Monk Goes Back to School	director	Randall Zisk
Auntie Mame (film)	director	Morton DaCosta
Mafioso (film)	director	Alberto Lattuada
Air Force, Incorporated	director	Enrique Piñeyro (actor)
The Black Room (1935 film)	director	Roy William Neill
El hombre y el monstruo	director	Rafael Baledón
Start It Up (Shake It Up)	director	Shelley Jensen
El mundo de los vampiros	director	Alfonso Corona Blake
The Deep Blue Sea (1955 film)	director	Anatole Litvak
Love That Boy	director	Andrea Dorfman
El Vampiro	director	Fernando Méndez
On purge bébé	director	Jean Renoir
La maldición de la llorona	director	Rafael Baledón
Flight of the Living Dead: Outbreak on a Plane	director	Flight of the Living Dead: Outbreak on a Plane
Rondo (film)	director	Zvonimir Berković
Salomé (telenovela)	director	Sergio Giménez
Flame of Barbary Coast	director	Joseph Kane
The Lone Defender	director	Richard Thorpe
The Vanishing Legion	director	Ford Beebe
The Vanishing Legion	director	B. Reeves Eason
King of the Wild	director	B. Reeves Eason
King of the Wild	director	Richard Thorpe
King of the Wild	director	Lionel Backus
King of the Wild	director	Theodore Joos
The Phantom of the West	director	D. Ross Lederman
The Phantom of the West	director	Theodore Joos
The Galloping Ghost (serial)	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Galloping Ghost (serial)	director	Benjamin H. Kline
Protégé (film)	director	Derek Yee
Chunauti	director	Sanjiv Bhattacharya
A Degree of Murder	director	Volker Schlöndorff
The Lightning Warrior	director	Benjamin H. Kline
The Lightning Warrior	director	Armand Schaefer
The Shadow of the Eagle	director	Ford Beebe
The Shadow of the Eagle	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Last of the Mohicans (serial)	director	Ford Beebe
The Last of the Mohicans (serial)	director	B. Reeves Eason
Disorderlies	director	Michael Schultz
Deadly Dreams	director	Kristine Peterson
The Devil Horse	director	Otto Brower
The Devil Horse	director	Yakima Canutt
The Devil Horse	director	Richard Talmadge
Trikal	director	Shyam Benegal
Now You See Him, Now You Don't	director	Robert Butler (director)
Strength and Honour	director	Mark Mahon
Love Affair, or the Case of the Missing Switchboard Operator	director	Dušan Makavejev
Sidewalks of New York (film)	director	Edward Burns
Journey to the Center of the Earth (2008 film)	director	Eric Brevig
The Garage (film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Lucky Miles	director	Michael James Rowland
The Frozen Ghost	director	Harold Young
Captive Wild Woman	director	Edward Dmytryk
Sazaye Maut	director	Vidhu Vinod Chopra
As Darkness Falls	director	George Mendeluk
Sacco e Vanzetti	director	Giuliano Montaldo
Pride Comes Before a Brawl	director	Peter Ellis (director)
Where's Poppa?	director	Carl Reiner
Elvis and Anabelle	director	Will Geiger
Agneepath	director	Mukul S. Anand
The March to Freedom	director	Harley Cokeliss
Blonde and Blonder	director	Dean Hamilton
El otro	director	Ariel Rotter
The Man from Tallahassee	director	Jack Bender
Stray Dogs (film)	director	Marzieh Meshkini
Fear, Stress & Anger	director	Martin Dennis
Next of Kin (1989 film)	director	John Irvin
Asylum (1972 film)	director	Roy Ward Baker
Conversations With Mother	director	Santiago Carlos Oves
Fighting with Kit Carson	director	Colbert Clark
Fighting with Kit Carson	director	Armand Schaefer
The Wolf Dog	director	Colbert Clark
The Wolf Dog	director	Harry L. Fraser
The Mystery Squadron	director	Colbert Clark
The Mystery Squadron	director	David Howard (director)
Second Best (film)	director	Chris Menges
Polladhavan (2007 film)	director	Vetrimaaran
The Sickhouse	director	Curtis Radclyffe
The Block (UK TV series)	director	Abigail Priddle
The Block (UK TV series)	director	Dan Roland
The War on Drugs	director	Sebastian J. F.
Burn 'Em Up Barnes	director	Colbert Clark
Burn 'Em Up Barnes	director	Armand Schaefer
The Law of the Wild	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Law of the Wild	director	Armand Schaefer
The Law of the Wild	director	Louis Germonprez
The Law of the Wild	director	George Webster (director)
The Law of the Wild	director	William Witney
Mystery Mountain (serial)	director	Otto Brower
Mystery Mountain (serial)	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Miracle Rider	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Miracle Rider	director	Armand Schaefer
Una Atrevida aventurita	director	Carlos Hugo Christensen
Las Aventuras de Jack	director	Carlos F. Borcosque
The Fighting Marines	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Fighting Marines	director	Joseph Kane
Las Aventuras de Tremendo	director	Enrique Cahen Salaberry
Las Aventuras de Pikín	director	Alberto Abdala
Na Wspólnej	director	Urszula Urbaniak
La Vida color de rosa	director	León Klimovsky
La Aventura explosiva	director	Ricardo Bauleo
La Aventura explosiva	director	Orestes Trucco
Fire at Rig 15	director	Ken Turner (director)
Vandanam	director	Priyadarshan
Cama Adentro	director	Jorge Gaggero
Bailoretto, la aventura de un rebelde	director	Atilio Polverini
Bailoretto, la aventura de un rebelde	director	Sebastián Larreta
Paisà	director	Roberto Rossellini
Una noche con Sabrina Love	director	Alejandro Agresti
Bamako (film)	director	Abderrahmane Sissako
Not Angels But Angels	director	Wiktor Grodecki
The Children of Golzow	director	Winfried Junge
Buenos Aires Vice Versa	director	Alejandro Agresti
The Lineup (TV series)	director	William Asher
The Lineup (TV series)	director	Paul Henreid
The Lineup (TV series)	director	Don Siegel
Snow White (1987 film)	director	Michael Berz
Dear Diary (1996 film)	director	David Frankel
Dreaming Lhasa	director	Ritu Sarin and Tenzing Sonam
Camp Runamuck	director	Charles Barton
Camp Runamuck	director	Bruce Bilson
Camp Runamuck	director	Howard Duff
Camp Runamuck	director	Hal March
Camp Runamuck	director	David Swift (director)
Olympic Garage	director	Marco Bechis
Tipping the Velvet (TV series)	director	Geoffrey Sax
Arizona (1931 film)	director	George B. Seitz
The Deceiver (film)	director	Louis King
Texas Cyclone (film)	director	D. Ross Lederman
Hip-Hop: Beyond Beats and Rhymes	director	Byron Hurt
Kannukkul Nilavu	director	Fazil
Minsara Kanna	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Nilaave Vaa	director	A. Venkatesh (director)
Tap Roots	director	George Marshall (director)
Winter (film)	director	Dipu Karunakaran
California Straight Ahead!	director	Arthur Lubin
Home Town Story	director	Arthur Pierson (director)
As Young as You Feel	director	Harmon Jones
Love Nest	director	Joseph M. Newman
The Fireball	director	Tay Garnett
Right Cross	director	John Sturges
Let's Make It Legal	director	Richard Sale (director)
Clothes Make the Pirate	director	Maurice Tourneur
A Little Stiff	director	Caveh Zahedi
A Little Stiff	director	Greg Watkins
Los caballeros de la cama redonda	director	Gerardo Sofovich
Los caballeros de la cama redonda	director	Hugo Sofovich
Big Dreams Little Tokyo	director	David Boyle (director)
I Don't Hate Las Vegas Anymore	director	Caveh Zahedi
We're Not Married!	director	Edmund Goulding
In the Bathtub of the World	director	Caveh Zahedi
Lamb (film)	director	Colin Gregg
Mosaic (film)	director	Roy Allen Smith
Body Parts (1991 film)	director	Eric Red
Pardners	director	Norman Taurog
The Bengali Night	director	Nicolas Klotz
The Seine Meets Paris	director	Joris Ivens
Beyond Therapy (film)	director	Robert Altman
King (film)	director	Prabu Solomon
Kasi (film)	director	Vinayan
Vinnukum Mannukum	director	Rajakumaran
Kadhal Sadugudu	director	V. Z. Durai
Chinna (film)	director	Sundar C.
Hell (Father Ted)	director	Declan Lowney
Once More (film)	director	S. A. Chandrasekhar
Hudson Street (TV series)	director	James Hampton (actor)
Hudson Street (TV series)	director	John Rich (director)
Hudson Street (TV series)	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
Akayla	director	Ramesh Sippy
Everything Happens to Me (1980 film)	director	Michele Lupo
Home Beyond the Sun	director	Colin Chilvers
Bajo Bandera	director	Juan José Jusid
La Muchacha del arrabal	director	José A. Ferreyra
The Girl From Florida Street	director	José A. Ferreyra
Cacería	director	Ezio Massa
El Tío Disparate	director	Palito Ortega
Green Grass of Wyoming	director	Louis King
Loving Annabelle	director	Katherine Brooks
Taxandria (film)	director	Raoul Servais
Love Today (film)	director	Balasekaran
The Laramie Project (film)	director	Moisés Kaufman
Paragraph 78	director	Mikhail Khleborodov
Shakalaka Boom Boom	director	Suneel Darshan
Explosive Brigade Against the Ninjas	director	Miguel Fernández Alonso
Funes, a Great Love	director	Raúl de la Torre
The Rough Riders (TV series)	director	Franklin Adreon
The Rough Riders (TV series)	director	Otto Lang
The Rough Riders (TV series)	director	John Rich (director)
El Profesor Hippie	director	Fernando Ayala
El Profesor Hippie	director	Héctor Olivera
Concorde Affaire '79	director	Ruggero Deodato
Araya (film)	director	Margot Benacerraf
Selva (film)	director	A. Venkatesh (director)
Maanbumigu Maanavan	director	S. A. Chandrasekhar
Mi Buenos Aires querido	director	Julio Irigoyen
Golden Parachute (CSI: Miami)	director	Joe Chappelle
Shanghai Rhapsody	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Naalaiya Theerpu	director	S. A. Chandrasekhar
Fallen Idols	director	Chris Leitch
The Secret Adventures of Tom Thumb	director	Dave Borthwick
Blood Ties (Diagnosis: Murder)	director	Bruce Seth Green
Hit Parade of 1943	director	Albert S. Rogell
The Offence	director	Sidney Lumet
My Scrubs	director	John Putch
Roadside Romeo	director	Jugal Hansraj
Reservation Road	director	Terry George
Zero to Sixty	director	Don Weis
Les têtes interverties	director	Alejandro Jodorowsky
María Mercedes (telenovela)	director	Beatriz Sheridan
Don Quijote del altillo	director	Manuel Romero
Puerto nuevo	director	Luis César Amadori
Puerto nuevo	director	Mario Soffici
Tam-Lin (film)	director	Roddy McDowall
La Muchachada de a bordo	director	Manuel Romero
Radio Bar	director	Manuel Romero
Noites Cariocas	director	Enrique Cadícamo
Loco lindo	director	Arturo S. Mom
Sendhoorapandi	director	S. A. Chandrasekhar
La Barra Mendocina	director	Mario Soffici
El Caballo del pueblo	director	Manuel Romero
Crimen a las tres	director	Luis Saslavsky
El fogón de los gauchos	director	Julio Irigoyen
Escala en la ciudad	director	Alberto de Zavalía
Monte Criollo	director	Arturo S. Mom
Internado	director	Carlos de la Pua
Internado	director	Héctor Basso
Noches de Buenos Aires	director	Manuel Romero
La Virgencita de Pompeya	director	Enrique Cadícamo
Puente Alsina (film)	director	José A. Ferreyra
Permission to Kill	director	Cyril Frankel
Deva (film)	director	S. A. Chandrasekhar
Rasigan	director	S. A. Chandrasekhar
Super Fuzz	director	Sergio Corbucci
The Kidnapping of the President	director	George Mendeluk
The Strongest Man in the World	director	Vincent McEveety
Fire Serpent	director	John Terlesky
That Night in Varennes	director	Ettore Scola
Aanandham	director	N. Linguswamy
Special Assignment (Captain Scarlet)	director	Robert Lynn (director)
Sparsh (film)	director	Sai Paranjpye
The Little Theatre of Jean Renoir	director	Jean Renoir
That's Right You're Wrong	director	David Butler
The Desperados	director	Henry Levin
Cadetes de San Martín (film)	director	Mario Soffici
The Blue Squadron (1937 film)	director	Nelo Cosimi
Lo que le pasó a Reynoso	director	Leopoldo Torres Ríos
Los Locos del cuarto piso	director	Lisandro de la Tea
Outside the Law (1937 film)	director	Manuel Romero
El Forastero	director	Antonio Ber Ciani
Mateo (film)	director	Mario Soffici
Melgarejo	director	Luis Moglia Barth
Saturday the 14th	director	Howard R. Cohen
Melodías porteñas	director	Luis Moglia Barth
Nobleza gaucha (1937 film)	director	Sebastián M. Naón
Murió el sargento Laprida	director	Tito Davison
La Muchacha del circo	director	Francisco Múgica
Muchachos de la ciudad	director	José A. Ferreyra
Yesterday's Boys Didn't Use Hair Fixers	director	Manuel Romero
La Vuelta de Rocha	director	Manuel Romero
Viejo barrio	director	Manuel Romero
Bernardine (film)	director	Henry Levin
Viento norte	director	Mario Soffici
La Virgencita de madera	director	Sebastián Naón
Palermo (film)	director	Manuel Romero
The Newsie and the Lady	director	Luis César Amadori
Convicted (1950 film)	director	Henry Levin
Ya tiene comisario el pueblo (1936 film)	director	Claudio Martínez Payva
Riding High (1950 film)	director	Frank Capra
Anti-Semitism in the 21st Century: The Resurgence	director	Andrew Goldberg (director)
Kannodu Kanbathellam	director	Prabu Solomon
Intellectual Property (film)	director	Nicholas Peterson
Family Law (film)	director	Daniel Burman
Advise & Consent (film)	director	Otto Preminger
The Brain Eaters	director	Bruno VeSota
Market (film)	director	Jay Prakash
Poor Boy's Game	director	Clement Virgo
Ek Chhotisi Love Story	director	Shashilal K. Nair
Suzy (1936 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
Straight Acting (film)	director	Spencer Windes
A Chaos of Flowers	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Transformers Animated	director	Ben Jones (Canadian cartoonist)
Transformers Animated	director	Ciro Nieli
Transformers Animated	director	Matt Youngberg
Socket (film)	director	Sean Abley
The Policeman	director	Ephraim Kishon
One Man's Terrorist	director	Christine Moore
The Long Walk Home	director	Richard Pearce (film director)
Mahjong (1996 film)	director	Edward Yang
Lady Chatterley (film)	director	Pascale Ferran
My Son the Fanatic (film)	director	Udayan Prasad
Dead End Street	director	Yaky Yosha
Frisk (film)	director	Todd Verow
Love Story (1981 film)	director	Rajendra Kumar
What Ever Happened to Aunt Alice?	director	Lee H. Katzin
Devi (1970 film)	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
One Thousand and One Arabian Nights (film)	director	Eiichi Yamamoto
The Browning Version (1994 film)	director	Mike Figgis
All Quiet on the Western Front (1979 film)	director	Delbert Mann
Beyond Paradise	director	David Loren Cunningham
Los caranchos de la Florida	director	Alberto de Zavalía
El Casamiento de Chichilo	director	Isidoro Navarro
La Chismosa	director	Luis Marquina
La Chismosa	director	Enrique Susini
With Broken Wings	director	Orestes Caviglia
El diablo con faldas	director	Ivo Pelay
Dos amigos y un amor	director	Lucas Demare
La Vuelta al nido	director	Leopoldo Torres Ríos
The Paper Chase (film)	director	James Bridges
Jettatore	director	Luis Bayón Herrera
Women Who Work	director	Manuel Romero
La que no perdonó	director	José A. Ferreyra
The Law They Forgot	director	José A. Ferreyra
Kilómetro 111	director	Mario Soffici
El Mono relojero	director	Quirino Cristiani
Noah's Ark (1928 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Out of the Dark (1989 film)	director	Michael Schroeder
Binta and the Great Idea	director	Javier Fesser
The Blood of Yingzhou District	director	Ruby Yang
The Movie Orgy	director	Joe Dante
A Chrysanthemum Bursts in Cincoesquinas	director	Daniel Burman
The Old Man and the Sea (1999 film)	director	Aleksandr Petrov (animator)
Riffraff (1936 film)	director	J. Walter Ruben
Bazaar (1982 film)	director	Sagar Sarhadi
Evadaithe Nakenti	director	Samudra
Evadaithe Nakenti	director	Jeevitha
Anumanaspadam	director	Vamsy
The Lost Tomb of Jesus	director	Simcha Jacobovici
Jeanne Eagels (film)	director	George Sidney
The Illusionist (2010 film)	director	Sylvain Chomet
Making of a Male Model	director	Irving J. Moore
Lyre, Lyre, Hearts on Fire	director	Mark Beesley
Prema Pustagam	director	Gollapudi Maruthi Rao
The Tarnished Angels	director	Douglas Sirk
Take Me High	director	David Askey
Dancing in September	director	Reggie Rock Bythewood
Hand in Hand (film)	director	Philip Leacock
We're All Christs	director	Marek Koterski
Target for Today	director	William Keighley
High School Confidential (film)	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Banyu Biru	director	Teddy Soeriaatmadja
None Shall Escape	director	André de Toth
Jungle Jim in the Forbidden Land	director	Lew Landers
Kimi yo fundo no kawa o watare	director	Junya Sato
The One and Only (2002 film)	director	Simon Cellan-Jones
Crane World	director	Pablo Trapero
El Cantante	director	Leon Ichaso
Boot Hill (film)	director	Giuseppe Colizzi
Blackie the Pirate	director	Enzo Gicca
Bang Rajan (film)	director	Tanit Jitnukul
Tiempo de valientes	director	Damián Szifrón
Black Girl (film)	director	Ousmane Sembène
Romanzo Criminale	director	Michele Placido
Maangamizi: The Ancient One	director	Martin Mhando
Maangamizi: The Ancient One	director	Ron Mulvihill
The Earrings of Madame de...	director	Max Ophüls
Zombies on Broadway	director	Gordon Dines
Zombies on Broadway	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Autumn Sun	director	Eduardo Mignogna
The Milky Way (1969 film)	director	Luis Buñuel
Arrow to the Heart	director	Rudolph Cartier
Kon-Tiki (film)	director	Thor Heyerdahl
El mismo amor, la misma lluvia	director	Juan J. Campanella
Pengabdi Setan	director	Sisworo Gautama Putra
Spiral (2007 film)	director	Joel Moore
Spiral (2007 film)	director	Adam Green (filmmaker)
Cosmic Odyssey (documentary)	director	Tony Papa
Fantômas (film)	director	André Hunebelle
Fantômas se déchaîne	director	André Hunebelle
Dreamland (2007 film)	director	James P. Lay
Fantômas contre Scotland Yard	director	André Hunebelle
Filmic Achievement	director	Kevin Kerwin
Love Serenade	director	Shirley Barrett
Puss in Boots (1988 film)	director	Eugene Marner
Le Batteur Du Boléro	director	Patrice Leconte
Mala Época	director	Mariano De Rosa
Mala Época	director	Rodrigo Moreno
Mala Época	director	Salvador Roselli
Mala Época	director	Nicolás Saad
Billy Jack Goes to Washington	director	Tom Laughlin
Stephanie Daley	director	Hilary Brougher
Troublemakers (film)	director	Terence Hill
Caras argentinas	director	Carmello Santiago
Chimbela	director	José A. Ferreyra
Ultraman Tiga & Ultraman Dyna & Ultraman Gaia: Battle in Hyperspace	director	Kazuya Konaka
Four Hearts	director	Carlos Schlieper
Cándida	director	Luis Bayón Herrera
Divorce in Montevideo	director	Manuel Romero
Lansky (film)	director	John McNaughton
Nightbeast	director	Don Dohler
Twelve Women	director	Luis Moglia Barth
Entre el barro	director	Luis Bayón Herrera
La Hija del viejito guardafaro	director	Julio Irigoyen
Hermanos	director	Enrique de Rosas
El Grito de la juventud	director	Raul Roulien
Gente bien	director	Manuel Romero
Nuestra tierra de paz	director	Arturo S. Mom
The Strangers	director	Bryan Bertino
Talk to Me (2007 film)	director	Kasi Lemmons
Breakfast on Pluto (film)	director	Neil Jordan
Los Pagares de Mendieta	director	Leopoldo Torres Ríos
La Vida es un tango	director	Manuel Romero
30 (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Andrei Belgrader
30 (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
La Vida de Carlos Gardel	director	Alberto de Zavalía
La Modelo de la calle Florida	director	Julio Irigoyen
Desert Victory	director	David MacDonald (director)
The Trial of Billy Jack	director	Tom Laughlin
The Sea Beast	director	Millard Webb
Body Shots	director	Michael Cristofer
Familia rodante	director	Pablo Trapero
Bombers B-52	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Bondi Tsunami	director	Rachael Lucas
The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword	director	Hidemaro Fujibayashi
Blood Brothers (short film)	director	Vishal Bhardwaj
The Nostradamus Kid	director	Bob Ellis
The Bad Sister	director	Hobart Henley
Buddhas barn	director	Christina Rosendahl
La Mujer y el jockey (Hipódromo)	director	José Suárez
The Good Doctor (film)	director	Mario Soffici
Prisioneros de la tierra	director	Mario Soffici
All the Way, Boys	director	Giuseppe Colizzi
Palabra de honor	director	Luis César Amadori
A Woman from the Street	director	Luis Moglia Barth
The Model and the Star	director	Manuel Romero
Tomato Sawyer and Huckleberry Larry's Big River Rescue	director	Brian K. Roberts
Burglary (Bottom episode)	director	Ed Bye
The Last Lear	director	Rituparno Ghosh
Puerta cerrada	director	John Alton
Puerta cerrada	director	Luis Saslavsky
Margarita, Armando y su padre	director	Francisco Múgica
Let Them Chirp Awhile	director	Jonathan Blitstein
A Slipping-Down Life	director	Toni Kalem
Children of My Heart	director	Keith Ross Leckie
Buenas noches, Buenos Aires	director	Hugo del Carril
In Love and War (1958 film)	director	Philip Dunne (writer)
Horrorween	director	Joe Estevez
Cita en la frontera	director	Mario Soffici
Héroes sin fama	director	Mario Soffici
Seven Years in Tibet (1997 film)	director	Jean-Jacques Annaud
I Want to Die with You	director	Mario Soffici
Hogar, dulce hogar	director	Luis Moglia Barth
The Condor (film)	director	Steven E. Gordon
Kaliyuga Ramudu	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
Perfectly Normal	director	Yves Simoneau
Theresienstadt (film)	director	Kurt Gerron
Fires on the Plain (film)	director	Kon Ichikawa
Punch Out (Ugly Betty)	director	Miguel Arteta
Don't Ask, Don't Tell (Ugly Betty)	director	Tricia Brock (director)
Pillow of Death	director	Wallace Fox
Calling Dr. Death	director	Reginald Le Borg
Strange Confession	director	John Hoffman (filmmaker)
Jab We Met	director	Imtiaz Ali (director)
The Wizard of Gore	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Je t'aime moi non plus (film)	director	Serge Gainsbourg
Secret of the Incas	director	Jerry Hopper
Strähl	director	Manuel Flurin Hendry
Parade (Bottom episode)	director	Ed Bye
The Monk and the Fish	director	Michaël Dudok de Wit
Repo! The Genetic Opera	director	Darren Lynn Bousman
Safety Training	director	Harold Ramis
Spring Fever (1982 film)	director	Joseph L. Scanlan
Monster in the Box	director	Jeffrey Hunt
The Wooden Camera	director	Ntshavheni wa Luruli
Weird Woman	director	Reginald Le Borg
Dead Man's Eyes	director	Reginald Le Borg
The Girl in the Kremlin	director	Russell Birdwell
25 Watts	director	Juan Pablo Rebella
25 Watts	director	Pablo Stoll
The Rise of Catherine the Great	director	Paul Czinner
The Gilded Lily (1935 film)	director	Wesley Ruggles
The Saga of Gosta Berling	director	Mauritz Stiller
For the Damaged Right Eye	director	Toshio Matsumoto
Muxmäuschenstill	director	Marcus Mittermeier
Death Wish (film)	director	Michael Winner
The Third Nail	director	Kevin Lewis
Death Wish 4: The Crackdown	director	J. Lee Thompson
Fifty Pills	director	Theo Avgerinos
It's Only Talk	director	Ryūichi Hiroki
Stinkmeaner Strikes Back	director	Seung Eun Kim
Crusades (BBC TV series)	director	Alan Ereira
Rosemary's Baby (film)	director	Roman Polanski
Ancient Inventions	director	Daniel Percival
Ancient Inventions	director	Phil Grabsky
Amigo (show)	director	Geir Kåre Nes
Rekava	director	Lester James Peries
The Great Man	director	José Ferrer
Fast Forward (1985 film)	director	Sidney Poitier
Story of Women	director	Claude Chabrol
My Girlfriend's Boyfriend	director	Kenneth Schapiro
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1	director	David Yates
Bakekang	director	Etheria
Bakekang	director	Magic Kamison
Maharaja (1998 film)	director	Anil Sharma
Tom Sweep	director	Michaël Dudok de Wit
Nomad (1982 film)	director	Patrick Tam (film director)
Fremde Haut	director	Angelina Maccarone
Twisted (1996 film)	director	Seth Michael Donsky
The Rebel (2007 Vietnamese film)	director	Charlie Nguyen
Black Aura on an Angel (film)	director	Faith Trimel
The Negotiation	director	Jeffrey Blitz
A Hard Day's Night (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Peter Horton
The First Cut Is the Deepest (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Peter Horton
...So Goes the Nation	director	Adam Del Deo
...So Goes the Nation	director	James D. Stern
The Human Operators	director	Jeff Woolnough
Winnie the Pooh Discovers the Seasons	director	Rick Reinert
88 Antop Hill	director	Kushan Nandy
Korea International School	director	Richard
The Personality Kid	director	Alan Crosland
Beat This: A Hip-Hop History	director	Dick Fontaine
Attack of the Killer Kung-Fu Wolf Bitch	director	Seung Eun Kim
Sound of Colors	director	Zhang Min
Under a Texas Moon (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Song of the Flame (film)	director	Alan Crosland
Cake: A Wedding Story	director	Will Wallace
Muchachas que estudian	director	Manuel Romero
The Road of the Llamas	director	Mario Soffici
Vacations in the Other World	director	Mario Soffici
En el último piso	director	Catrano Catrani
La Guerra Gaucha	director	Lucas Demare
Sixteen (film)	director	Carlos Hugo Christensen
Frontera Sur (1943 film)	director	Belisario García Villar
The Real Howard Spitz	director	Vadim Jean
Wanted – a Good Home	director	Christopher Hodson
Notte prima degli esami	director	Fausto Brizzi
When Spring Makes a Mistake	director	Mario Soffici
La Verdadera victoria	director	Carlos F. Borcosque
Angel (1984 film)	director	Robert Vincent O'Neill
La Dama duende	director	Luis Saslavsky
Celos (film)	director	Mario Soffici
Viaje sin regreso	director	Pierre Chenal
God Reward You	director	Luis César Amadori
The Yacht Isabel Arrived This Afternoon	director	Carlos Hugo Christensen
Dance of Fire (film)	director	Daniel Tinayre
Jung Baaz	director	Mehul Kumar
The Adjuster	director	Atom Egoyan
Poetry in Motion (film)	director	Ron Mann
Transit (2005 film)	director	Niall McCormick
Genuine (film)	director	Robert Wiene
Cabin Fever 2: Spring Fever	director	Ti West
The Death of Salvador Dali	director	Delaney Bishop
Golden Dawn (film)	director	Ray Enright
The First Deadly Sin	director	Brian G. Hutton
Pilot (Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip)	director	Thomas Schlamme
Adam at Six A.M.	director	Robert Scheerer
Scandale (film)	director	George Mihalka
Dame Chocolate	director	Emilia Lamonte
Buenos Aires 100 Kilómetros	director	Pablo José Meza
Alone in the Dark II	director	Michael Roesch
Alone in the Dark II	director	Peter Scheerer
Quantum Quest: A Cassini Space Odyssey	director	Harry Kloor
Quantum Quest: A Cassini Space Odyssey	director	Daniel St. Pierre
Black Roses (film)	director	John Fasano
With Apologies to Jesse Jackson	director	Trey Parker
Tarzan the Tiger	director	Henry MacRae
The Jade Box	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Lightning Express	director	Henry MacRae
Austeria	director	Jerzy Kawalerowicz
Terry of the Times	director	Henry MacRae
The Indians Are Coming	director	Henry MacRae
Heroes of the Flames	director	Robert F. Hill
Finger Prints (serial)	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Piantadino	director	Francisco Múgica
None But the Brave	director	Frank Sinatra
The Marihuana Story	director	León Klimovsky
Gritos en la noche	director	Jesús Franco
El Complejo de Felipe	director	Juan Carlos Thorry
La Comedia inmortal	director	Catrano Catrani
Pasó en mi barrio	director	Mario Soffici
Native Son (1951 film)	director	Pierre Chenal
Los Isleros	director	Lucas Demare
The Quiet One	director	Sidney Meyers
Devil in the Flesh (1947 film)	director	Claude Autant-Lara
The Grim Game	director	Irvin Willat
The House Is Black	director	Forough Farrokhzad
All the Young Men	director	Hall Bartlett
Elsa & Fred	director	Marcos Carnevale
Q Planes	director	Tim Whelan
Q Planes	director	Arthur B. Woods
A Holiday Romance	director	Bobby Roth
Defence of Sevastopol	director	Aleksandr Khanzhonkov
Defence of Sevastopol	director	Vasily Goncharov
Laawaris (1999 film)	director	Shrikant Sharma
The Mystic Masseur	director	Ismail Merchant
Buddies (TV series)	director	Paul Lazarus
Buddies (TV series)	director	John Pasquin
Buddies (TV series)	director	Andrew Tsao
Has Anybody Seen My Gal? (film)	director	Douglas Sirk
The Homesteader	director	Oscar Micheaux
The Girl from Chicago	director	Oscar Micheaux
Yalgaar	director	Feroz Khan
Wages of Sin (1929 film)	director	Oscar Micheaux
The Chronicle of Anna Magdalena Bach	director	Straub-Huillet
The Chronicle of Anna Magdalena Bach	director	Straub-Huillet
Klassenverhältnisse	director	Straub-Huillet
Klassenverhältnisse	director	Straub-Huillet
A Diary for Timothy	director	Humphrey Jennings
Yaarana (1981 film)	director	Rakesh Kumar
Once Upon a Time in Triad Society	director	Cha Chuen-Yee
The Legendary 'Tai Fei'	director	Kant Leung
Savage Streets	director	Danny Steinmann
Safe Sex (film)	director	Thanasis Papathanasiou
Safe Sex (film)	director	Michalis Reppas
O Drakos	director	Nikos Koundouros
Murder Unveiled	director	Vic Sarin
Fist to Fist	director	Jimmy L. Pascual
Night Owl (film)	director	Jeffrey Arsenault
The Mahabharata (1989 film)	director	Peter Brook
Fantastic Man	director	Zoren Legaspi
The Student of Prague (1913 film)	director	Stellan Rye
The Student of Prague (1913 film)	director	Paul Wegener
Mango Kiss	director	Sascha Rice
The Night of the Iguana (film)	director	John Huston
Article 99	director	Howard Deutch
Live It Up! (film)	director	Lance Comfort
Executioners (film)	director	Johnnie To
Executioners (film)	director	Ching Siu-tung
Sath Samudura	director	Siri Gunasinghe
Dear Friends (film)	director	Kazuyuki Morosawa
Nightmare in Wax	director	Bud Townsend
Life and Nothing But	director	Bertrand Tavernier
Boiling Point (1993 film)	director	James B. Harris
Special Delivery (1978 film)	director	Eunice Macaulay
Special Delivery (1978 film)	director	John Weldon (animator)
Carmen (1983 film)	director	Carlos Saura
Soultaker (film)	director	Michael Rissi
20 centímetros	director	Ramón Salazar (director)
Balkan Express	director	Branko Baletić
Anarkali (1953 film)	director	Nandlal Jaswantlal
Azaad (1955 film)	director	S. M. Sriramulu Naidu
La Bestia debe morir	director	Román Viñoly Barreto
Their Story	director	Richard Alexander Wells
Rocky (film series)	director	John G. Avildsen
Rocky (film series)	director	Sylvester Stallone
El Vampiro negro	director	Román Viñoly Barreto
El Hijo del crack	director	Leopoldo Torre Nilsson
El Hijo del crack	director	Leopoldo Torres Ríos
The Bodyguard 2	director	Petchtai Wongkamlao
Detective (1954 film)	director	Carlos Schlieper
El barro humano	director	Luis César Amadori
Mercado de abasto	director	Lucas Demare
Escuela de sirenas y tiburones	director	Enrique Carreras
Your Vice Is a Locked Room and Only I Have the Key	director	Sergio Martino
Anmol	director	Ketan Desai
Spring Fever (1927 film)	director	Edward Sedgwick
Snow Angels (film)	director	David Gordon Green
Les Aventures de baron de Munchhausen	director	Georges Méliès
Christ Stopped at Eboli (film)	director	Francesco Rosi
The House of the Angel	director	Leopoldo Torre Nilsson
El hombre señalado	director	Francis Lauric
Los dioses ajenos	director	Román Viñoly Barreto
Procesado 1040	director	Rubén W. Cavalloti
Isla brava	director	Mario Soffici
La caída	director	Leopoldo Torre Nilsson
Rosaura at 10 O'Clock	director	Mario Soffici
I Was Born in Buenos Aires	director	Francisco Múgica
Three Loves in Rio	director	Carlos Hugo Christensen
Chafalonías	director	Mario Soffici
El Rufián	director	Daniel Tinayre
La patota	director	Daniel Tinayre
La Procesión	director	Francis Lauric
Un Guapo del '900	director	Leopoldo Torre Nilsson
Culpable (film)	director	Hugo del Carril
El Romance de un gaucho	director	Rubén W. Cavallotti
The Hand in the Trap	director	Leopoldo Torre Nilsson
Battling with Buffalo Bill	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Spell of the Circus	director	Robert F. Hill
Detective Lloyd	director	Henry MacRae
Detective Lloyd	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Mouthpiece	director	James Flood
The Mouthpiece	director	Elliott Nugent
Heroes of the West (1932 film)	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Airmail Mystery	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Death of Poe (film)	director	Mark Redfield
The Jungle Mystery	director	Ray Taylor (director)
This Man Must Die	director	Claude Chabrol
The Lost Special (serial)	director	Henry MacRae
Clancy of the Mounted	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Una Jaula no tiene secretos	director	Agustín Navarro
The Venerable Ones	director	Manuel Antín
Lucía	director	Humberto Solás
La Cigarra no es un bicho	director	Daniel Tinayre
Circe (film)	director	Manuel Antín
La Leona	director	Armando Bó
The Escaped	director	Enrique Carreras
Os Fuzis	director	Ruy Guerra
Good Life Delivery	director	Leonardo Di Cesare
Me First (film)	director	Fernando Ayala
Chronicle of a Boy Alone	director	Leonardo Favio
Fiebre de primavera	director	Enrique Carreras
Hotel alojamiento	director	Fernando Ayala
Me and Her	director	Sarah Tripp
En la selva no hay estrellas	director	Armando Robles Godoy
Monday's Child (film)	director	Leopoldo Torre Nilsson
B'Day Anthology Video Album	director	Ray Kay
B'Day Anthology Video Album	director	Beyoncé Knowles
B'Day Anthology Video Album	director	Jake Nava
B'Day Anthology Video Album	director	Anthony Mandler
B'Day Anthology Video Album	director	Diane Martel
B'Day Anthology Video Album	director	Melina Matsoukas
B'Day Anthology Video Album	director	Sophie Muller
B'Day Anthology Video Album	director	Cliff Watts
The Black Stallion Returns	director	Robert Dalva
Perfect Harmony	director	Will Mackenzie
Les Anges Exterminateurs	director	Jean-Claude Brisseau
Two Cars, One Night	director	Taika Waititi
Blind Dating	director	James Keach
Fakers	director	Richard Janes
Heartbreak Hotel (film)	director	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
Dough (Bottom episode)	director	Bob Spiers
Moses und Aron (film)	director	Straub-Huillet
Moses und Aron (film)	director	Straub-Huillet
Dolphins (2007 film)	director	Mark Jay
Pâté (film)	director	Agnieszka Wojtowicz-Vosloo
The Phantom of the Air	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Gordon of Ghost City	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Judge and the Assassin	director	Bertrand Tavernier
Pirate Treasure	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Under the Lighthouse Dancing	director	Graeme Rattigan
Madame Satã (film)	director	Karim Aïnouz
El perro	director	Carlos Sorín
The Prince of Peace	director	William Beaudine
The Prince of Peace	director	Harold Daniels
The Happening (2008 film)	director	M. Night Shyamalan
The Fighting Sullivans	director	Lloyd Bacon
The Battle of Algiers	director	Gillo Pontecorvo
Nargess (film)	director	Rakhshan Bani-E'temad
Battlestar Galactica: Razor	director	Félix Enríquez Alcalá
Muni (film)	director	Lawrence Raghavendra
Dr. Chopper	director	Lewis Schoenbrun
Asphalt (1929 film)	director	Joe May
Never Say Die (1988 film)	director	Geoff Murphy
War (2002 film)	director	Aleksei Balabanov
Arzoo (1965 film)	director	Ramanand Sagar
Last Hero in China	director	Wong Jing
Last Hero in China	director	Yuen Woo-ping
The Vanishing Shadow	director	Lew Landers
The Red Rider	director	Lew Landers
Tailspin Tommy (serial)	director	Lew Landers
Jigri Dost	director	Ravikant Nagaich
My Dinner with Jimi	director	Bill Fishman
Pal Joey (film)	director	George Sidney
The War Between Men and Women	director	Melville Shavelson
Viva Erotica	director	Derek Yee
Viva Erotica	director	Law Chi-leung
El Camino de San Diego	director	Carlos Sorín
Rustlers of Red Dog	director	Lew Landers
Fresno (TV miniseries)	director	Jeff Bleckner
The Call of the Savage	director	Lew Landers
The Roaring West	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Tailspin Tommy in the Great Air Mystery	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Tenue de soirée	director	Bertrand Blier
The Adventures of Frank Merriwell (serial)	director	Lew Landers
A King and His Movie	director	Carlos Sorín
Ramana (film)	director	A. R. Murugadoss
Ek Phool Do Mali	director	Devendra Goel
I Come in Peace	director	Craig R. Baxley
Le Voyage de Gulliver à Lilliput et chez les géants (film)	director	Georges Méliès
Left Behind (Lost)	director	Karen Gaviola
The Pineapple Incident	director	Pamela Fryman
Rambling Rose (film)	director	Martha Coolidge
Pure Luck	director	Nadia Tass
Jogan (1950 film)	director	Kidar Sharma
Another Nice Mess	director	Bob Einstein
We Are Together	director	Paul Taylor (director)
Sweet Kitty Bellairs	director	Alfred E. Green
Cell Phone (film)	director	Feng Xiaogang
Made in Hong Kong (film)	director	Fruit Chan
One Potato, Two Potato	director	Larry Peerce
The Promise (1979 film)	director	Gilbert Cates
Pappa Ante Portas	director	Vicco von Bülow
Pappa Ante Portas	director	Renate Westphal-Lorenz
April (1961 film)	director	Otar Iosseliani
The Memory of Justice	director	Marcel Ophüls
Kanashimi no Belladonna	director	Eiichi Yamamoto
My 20th Century	director	Ildikó Enyedi
D.E.B.S. (2003 film)	director	Angela Robinson
Mary the Paralegal	director	Pamela Fryman
Stepping Out (1991 film)	director	Lewis Gilbert
Best Prom Ever	director	Pamela Fryman
Kashmir Ki Kali	director	Shakti Samanta
Milk (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
La peli	director	Gustavo Postiglione
Loose Screws	director	Rafal Zielinski
Okay Awesome	director	Pamela Fryman
Beauty in Trouble	director	Jan Hřebejk
College (2008 film)	director	Deb Hagan
Rosalie Goes Shopping	director	Percy Adlon
Black Box (film)	director	Luis Ortega
The Wizard of Mars	director	David L. Hewitt
Remember Me, My Love	director	Gabriele Muccino
Dikari	director	Viktor Shamirov
The Committee (film)	director	Peter Sykes
.07%	director	Adam Kane
L'ultimo bacio	director	Gabriele Muccino
El Mar de Lucas	director	Víctor Laplace
Belly Full of Turkey	director	Pamela Fryman
The Blue Butterfly (film)	director	Léa Pool
Vietnam Aviation Academy	director	Dương Cao Thái Nguyên
Second Sight (film)	director	Joel Zwick
We Want Our Mummy	director	Del Lord
The Profession of Arms (2001 film)	director	Ermanno Olmi
The Art of Woo	director	Helen Lee (Director)
Get Crazy	director	Allan Arkush
Slattery's Hurricane	director	André de Toth
Beaufort (film)	director	Joseph Cedar
Three for Bedroom "C"	director	Milton H. Bren
Digan lo que digan	director	Mario Camus
Palo y hueso	director	Nicolás Sarquís
Rebus (film)	director	Nino Zanchin
Invasión	director	Hugo Santiago
Flight 104	director	Robert Lynn (director)
Blum (film)	director	Julio Porter
With Life and Soul	director	David José Kohon
Fiebre	director	Armando Bó
La Fidelidad	director	Juan José Jusid
Balada para un mochilero	director	René Mugica
Bajo el signo de la patria	director	René Mugica
The Tall Blond Man with One Black Shoe	director	Yves Robert
Los Hijos de Fierro	director	Fernando Solanas
Cartman Sucks	director	Trey Parker
The Return of the Tall Blond Man with One Black Shoe	director	Yves Robert
Magnificent Bodyguards	director	Lo Wei
Magnificent Bodyguards	director	Jackie Chan
The Duel (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Le Clown et ses chiens	director	Charles-Émile Reynaud
World's Greatest Couple	director	Pamela Fryman
Los Padrinos	director	Enrique Carreras
La Mary	director	Daniel Tinayre
Rebellion in Patagonia	director	Héctor Olivera
Cochengo Miranda	director	Jorge Preloran
The Black Bird	director	David Giler
La Raulito	director	Lautaro Murúa
Petete y Trapito	director	Manuel García Ferré
La Película	director	José María Paolantonio
Nazareno Cruz y el lobo	director	Leonardo Favio
Encounters (TV series)	director	John Jopson
La venus maldita	director	Alfredo B. Crevenna
La venus maldita	director	Adolfo García Videla
Plaza de Almas	director	Fernando Díaz
Un bon bock	director	Charles-Émile Reynaud
Juan que reía	director	Carlos Galettini
La Noche del hurto	director	Hugo Sofovich
The Trap (1966 film)	director	Sidney Hayers
El Macho	director	Marcello Andrei
Las Locas	director	Enrique Carreras
Brigada en acción	director	Palito Ortega
Los Drogadictos	director	Enrique Carreras
Custodio de señoras	director	Hugo Sofovich
Contragolpe	director	Alejandro Doria
Cuatro pícaros bomberos	director	Carlos Galettini
Grandma (1979 film)	director	Héctor Olivera
Donde duermen dos... duermen tres	director	Enrique Cahen Salaberry
Hotel de señoritas	director	Enrique Dawi
Hormiga negra	director	Ricardo Defilippi
Our Very Own (2005 film)	director	Cameron Watson
Angel Face (1998 film)	director	Pablo Torre
Entertaining Mr Sloane (film)	director	Douglas Hickox
Halls of Montezuma (film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Mast (film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
The Patient	director	Michael Ray Rhodes
Jetsam (film)	director	Simon Welsford
Rosarigasinos	director	Rodrigo Grande
Red Planet Mars	director	Harry Horner
Bride of the Regiment	director	John Francis Dillon (director)
Skin (film)	director	Vincent O'Connell
Wild Search	director	Ringo Lam
Short Circuitz	director	Nick Cannon
Red Skies of Montana	director	Joseph M. Newman
The Weight of Water (film)	director	Kathryn Bigelow
Mela (2000 film)	director	Dharmesh Darshan
The Phantom Rider (Universal serial)	director	Ray Taylor (director)
My Suicidal Sweetheart	director	Michael Parness
My Pal Gus	director	Robert Parrish
Expertos en Pinchazos	director	Hugo Sofovich
El Fausto criollo	director	Luis Saslavsky
El Fausto criollo	director	Miguel Ángel Lumaldo
Crazy Love (1979 film)	director	Eva Landeck
El Juicio de Dios	director	Hugo Fili
El Rey de los exhortos	director	Hugo Sofovich
One Night Husband	director	Pimpaka Towira
Destination Gobi	director	Robert Wise
Sometimes a Great Notion (film)	director	Paul Newman
Born to Be Loved	director	Hugo Haas
Tiny Toy Stories	director	Alvy Ray Smith
Tiny Toy Stories	director	John Lasseter
Rapado	director	Martín Rejtman
The Jazz Singer (1952 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Fine Powder	director	Esteban Sapir
Take the High Ground!	director	Richard Brooks
Men in White (1998 film)	director	Scott P. Levy
Men in White (1998 film)	director	Bruce McCarthy
Insaniyat Ke Devta	director	K. C. Bokadia
Escape from Taliban	director	Ujjal Chattopadhyaya
Red Dust (2004 film)	director	Tom Hooper (director)
Gautama Buddha (film)	director	Sridhar Allani
Ladies and Gentlemen: The Rolling Stones	director	Rollin Binzer
McVicar (film)	director	Tom Clegg (director)
Waiter!	director	Claude Sautet
The Hound of the Baskervilles (1978 film)	director	Paul Morrissey
The Power of Darkness (film)	director	Mario Sábato
Departamento compartido	director	Hugo Sofovich
Lennon Legend: The Very Best of John Lennon (DVD)	director	Simon Hilton
Portrait in Black	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
I Accuse My Parents	director	Sam Newfield
Hangin' with the Homeboys	director	Joseph Vásquez
The Gift (2003 film)	director	Louise Hogarth
El Privilegio de Amar	director	Miguel Córcega
Hell and High Water (film)	director	Samuel Fuller
Hydrozagadka	director	Andrzej Kondratiuk
Prophecies of Nostradamus	director	Toshio Masuda
Project ALF	director	Dick Lowry
Whole New Thing	director	Amnon Buchbinder
The Way We Laughed	director	Gianni Amelio
Monobloc (film)	director	Luis Ortega
Parapalos	director	Ana Poliak
Mungaru Male	director	Yograj Bhat
Game Night	director	Pamela Fryman
The Bunker (2001 film)	director	Rob Green (film director)
Will: G. Gordon Liddy	director	Robert Lieberman
Impostora	director	Maryo J. de los Reyes
Wish You Were Dead	director	Valerie McCaffrey
The Flower and the Angry Waves	director	Seijun Suzuki
Guru (1997 film)	director	Rajiv Anchal
Chor Machaaye Shor	director	David Dhawan
Kisschasy: The Movie	director	Jai Al-Attas
My Chauffeur	director	David Beaird
Maxed Out	director	James Scurlock
Firehouse Dog	director	Todd Holland
Finders Keepers (1984 film)	director	Richard Lester
Mike Hammer: Murder Takes All	director	John Nicolella
Cupcake (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Death at a Funeral (2007 film)	director	Frank Oz
The Milpitas Monster	director	Robert L. Burrill
Paagalpan	director	Joy Augustine
MacArthur (film)	director	Joseph Sargent
The Ball of Letters	director	Andrés López Forero
La Anam	director	Salah Abu Seif
The Wedding Party (film)	director	Brian De Palma
The Wedding Party (film)	director	Wilford Leach
AERA! AERA! AERA!	director	Kostas Andritsos
Das Fest des Huhnes	director	Walter Wippersberg
Au Pair 3: Adventure in Paradise	director	Mark Griffiths (film director)
Go to Hell, Hoodlums!	director	Seijun Suzuki
Más allá de la aventura	director	Oscar Barney Finn
Luther Metke at 94	director	Jorge Preloran
Jungle Jim (serial)	director	Ford Beebe
Secret Agent X-9 (1937 serial)	director	Ford Beebe
Secret Agent X-9 (1937 serial)	director	Method Man
A Prize of Gold	director	Mark Robson
A Prize of Gold	director	Max Catto
My Cold Shower	director	John Inwood
Silent Scream (2005 film)	director	Matt Cantu
Silent Scream (2005 film)	director	Lance Kawas
Johny Tolengo, el majestuoso	director	Gerardo Sofovich
Johny Tolengo, el majestuoso	director	Enrique Dawi
Some More of Samoa	director	Del Lord
Sweet Taste of Liberty	director	Pamela Fryman
Body of Lies (film)	director	Ridley Scott
A Woman Called Sada Abe	director	Noboru Tanaka
Dimboola (film)	director	John Duigan
The Go Master	director	Tian Zhuangzhuang
The Cobweb (film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Oh, Saigon	director	Doan Hoang
Historias y testigos: ¡Ni una muerta más!	director	René Cardona Jr.
Haunting Me	director	Poj Arnon
Kings of South Beach	director	Tim Hunter (director)
Razzle Dazzle: A Journey into Dance	director	Darren Ashton
Sublime (film)	director	Tony Krantz
Anatomy 2	director	Stefan Ruzowitzky
Slutty Pumpkin	director	Pamela Fryman
Sayew	director	Kongdej Jaturanrasamee
Sayew	director	Kiat Songsanant
BabaKiueria	director	Don Featherstone (filmmaker)
Summertime Blues (film)	director	Yaky Yosha
Thai Thief	director	Pisut Praesangeam
She Killed in Ecstasy	director	Jesús Franco
Inherit the Earth (film)	director	Yaky Yosha
Ca-bau-kan (film)	director	Nia Dinata
The Main Suspect	director	Yaky Yosha
Bloodguilt (film)	director	Yaky Yosha
Wild West Days	director	Ford Beebe
Wild West Days	director	Method Man
Shabazi (film)	director	Yaky Yosha
Weeping Willow (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Tom DiCillo
Chokher Bali (film)	director	Rituparno Ghosh
Along Came a Spider (film)	director	Lee Tamahori
The Secret (2007 film)	director	Vincent Pérez
Radio Patrol (serial)	director	Ford Beebe
Radio Patrol (serial)	director	Clifford Smith (director)
Tim Tyler's Luck (serial)	director	Ford Beebe
Tim Tyler's Luck (serial)	director	Wyndham Gittens
Flaming Frontiers	director	Alan James
Flaming Frontiers	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Run for the Sun	director	Boulting brothers
Red Barry (serial)	director	Ford Beebe
Red Barry (serial)	director	Alan James
Scouts to the Rescue	director	Alan James
Scouts to the Rescue	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Rehearsing a Dream	director	Karen Goodman
Rehearsing a Dream	director	Kirk Simon
The Cat Who Walked by Herself	director	Ideya Garanina
Return of the Shirt	director	Pamela Fryman
Matchmaker (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Kochi Rajavu	director	Johny Antony
Gaġġa	director	Mario Azzopardi
Song of Norway (film)	director	Andrew L. Stone
Those Were the Days (1934 film)	director	Thomas Bentley
Radio Parade of 1935	director	Arthur B. Woods
Windbag the Sailor	director	William Beaudine
Naked Tango	director	Leonard Schrader
Where There's a Will (1936 film)	director	William Beaudine
Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead (film)	director	Tom Stoppard
Beau James	director	Melville Shavelson
Hey! Hey! USA	director	Marcel Varnel
The Seven Little Foys	director	Melville Shavelson
In the Bag	director	Jack Hannah
Buck Rogers (serial)	director	Ford Beebe
Buck Rogers (serial)	director	Saul A. Goodkind
Isn't She Great	director	Andrew Bergman
Time Limit (film)	director	Karl Malden
The Oregon Trail (1939 serial)	director	Ford Beebe
The Oregon Trail (1939 serial)	director	Saul A. Goodkind
Pukar (1983 film)	director	Ramesh Behl
The Green Hornet (serial)	director	Ford Beebe
The Green Hornet (serial)	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Sigaw	director	Yam Laranas
A Chorus of Disapproval	director	Michael Winner
Cassiopéia	director	Clóvis Veira
A Tale of Sorrow and Sadness	director	Seijun Suzuki
Sons of the Soil	director	Gunnar Sommerfeldt
Caramuru: A Invenção do Brasil	director	Guel Arraes
Great Balls of Fire! (film)	director	Jim McBride
Marie (film)	director	Roger Donaldson
Elsewhere (film)	director	Nikolaus Geyrhalter
The Jokers	director	Michael Winner
Winter Kills (film)	director	William Richert
The Missing Gun	director	Lu Chuan
Junior G-Men of the Air	director	Lewis D. Collins
Junior G-Men of the Air	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Purple Giraffe	director	Pamela Fryman
Cabeza de Vaca (film)	director	Nicolás Echevarría
Cursed (2004 film)	director	Yoshihiro Hoshino
Unknown Pleasures (film)	director	Jia Zhangke
Bug (2002 film)	director	Phil Hay (filmmaker)
Bug (2002 film)	director	Matt Manfredi
La colmena (film)	director	Mario Camus
The Legend of the Holy Drinker	director	Ermanno Olmi
Kutob	director	José Javier Reyes
Song for Europe (Father Ted)	director	Declan Lowney
The Law and Jake Wade	director	John Sturges
Contemporary Arts Center	director	Raphaela Platow
El Cimarrón (film)	director	Iván Dariel Ortíz
Guild Wars 2	director	Mike O'Brien (game developer)
Joymati	director	Jyoti Prasad Agarwala
The Birthday Party (film)	director	William Friedkin
Relative Strangers	director	Greg Glienna
Don Quixote (2000 TV film)	director	Peter Yates
Mukhsin	director	Yasmin Ahmad
Mere Mehboob	director	Harnam Singh Rawail
Institute of Rural Management Anand	director	Vivek Bhandari
Dysfunktional Family	director	George Gallo
Night Riders (film)	director	Martin Hollý
Gunman (film)	director	Chatrichalerm Yukol
Wichita (film)	director	Jacques Tourneur
Akrobatisches Potpourri	director	Max Skladanowsky
Akrobatisches Potpourri	director	Emil Skladanowsky
Indramalati	director	Jyoti Prasad Agarwala
All That Glitters (Adventures of Superman)	director	George Reeves
The Mating Game (film)	director	George Marshall (director)
The Mysterious Pilot	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Tentacles of Doom	director	Declan Lowney
Divine Trash	director	Steve Yeager (filmmaker)
Zipping Along	director	Chuck Jones
Guided Muscle	director	Chuck Jones
Zoom and Bored	director	Chuck Jones
Love (1927 film)	director	Edmund Goulding
Love (1927 film)	director	John Gilbert (actor)
College Road Trip	director	Roger Kumble
Lakeview Terrace	director	Neil LaBute
The Day the Sky Exploded	director	Paolo Heusch
Behemoth, the Sea Monster	director	Eugène Lourié
Lice Capades	director	Trey Parker
Invasion from Inner Earth	director	Bill Rebane
Yaaradi Nee Mohini	director	Mithran Jawahar
Hotel Angel	director	Chatrichalerm Yukol
Out of the Darkness (1971 film)	director	Chatrichalerm Yukol
Signs of Life (1989 film)	director	John David Coles
A.K.A. (Jericho episode)	director	Sanford Bookstaver
Old Bones of the River	director	Marcel Varnel
Sabrina: Friends Forever	director	Scott Heming
Haseena Maan Jaayegi	director	David Dhawan
Kyo Kii... Main Jhuth Nahin Bolta	director	David Dhawan
Winners of the West (1940 serial)	director	Ford Beebe
Winners of the West (1940 serial)	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Big Blockade	director	Charles Frend
Junior G-Men (serial)	director	Ford Beebe
Junior G-Men (serial)	director	John Rawlins (director)
Dokuzuncu Hariciye Koğuşu	director	Nejat Saydam
Sky Raiders	director	Ford Beebe
Sky Raiders	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Green Hornet Strikes Again!	director	Ford Beebe
The Green Hornet Strikes Again!	director	John Rawlins (director)
Avalanche Express	director	Mark Robson
Avalanche Express	director	Monte Hellman
Yeh Teraa Ghar Yeh Meraa Ghar	director	Priyadarshan
Adam Had Four Sons	director	Gregory Ratoff
Conspiracy of Silence (film)	director	John Deery
Where's That Fire?	director	Marcel Varnel
Go to Blazes (1942 film)	director	Walter Forde
Tito and Me	director	Goran Marković (film director)
Little Chenier	director	Bethany Ashton
Noose of Ice	director	Ken Turner (director)
The Suite Life Goes Hollywood	director	Rich Correll
The Sex of the Stars	director	Paule Baillargeon
Zhuangzi Tests His Wife	director	Lai Man-Wai
Five Years Gone	director	Paul A. Edwards
The Hard Part	director	John Badham
Landslide (Heroes)	director	Greg Beeman
How to Stop an Exploding Man	director	Allan Arkush
Ponyo	director	Hayao Miyazaki
The Dove (1974 film)	director	Charles Jarrott
Subarnarekha (film)	director	Ritwik Ghatak
36 Quai des Orfèvres (film)	director	Olivier Marchal
Detention (2003 film)	director	Sidney J. Furie
Bootmen	director	Dein Perry
Salween (film)	director	Chatrichalerm Yukol
Atlantic City (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
East Side Story (Ugly Betty)	director	James Hayman
Visas and Virtue	director	Chris Tashima
Secretaries' Day (Ugly Betty)	director	Victor Nelli, Jr.
Vijeta	director	Govind Nihalani
Ploy	director	Pen-Ek Ratanaruang
Arth (film)	director	Mahesh Bhatt
L'Auberge du Bon Repos	director	Georges Méliès
Bullseye!	director	Michael Winner
Riders of Death Valley	director	Ford Beebe
Riders of Death Valley	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Sea Raiders	director	Ford Beebe
Sea Raiders	director	John Rawlins (director)
Don Winslow of the Navy	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Cactus Flower (film)	director	Gene Saks
The Man with the Rubber Head	director	Georges Méliès
Daisies (film)	director	Věra Chytilová
Top Secret (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
Back to God's Country (1919 film)	director	David Hartford
Secrets of the Dead	director	David Johnson
Tiempo de Revancha	director	Adolfo Aristarain
Gang Busters (serial)	director	Noel M. Smith
Gang Busters (serial)	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Gang Busters (serial)	director	Jacques Jaccard
Overland Mail	director	Ford Beebe
Overland Mail	director	John Rawlins (director)
Rentun Ruusu	director	Timo Koivusalo
The Adventures of Smilin' Jack (serial)	director	Lewis D. Collins
The Adventures of Smilin' Jack (serial)	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Lion's Den (The Outer Limits)	director	Matt Hastings
Beauty and the Bastard	director	Dome Karukoski
The Road to Ruin (1934 film)	director	Dorothy Davenport
The Road to Ruin (1934 film)	director	Melville Shyer
The Student of Prague (1926 film)	director	Henrik Galeen
Isle of the Dead (film)	director	Mark Robson
The Intruder (1986 film)	director	Jopi Burnama
City Limits (film)	director	Aaron Lipstadt
Don Winslow of the Coast Guard	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Jawani Diwani	director	Narender Bedi
Adventures of the Flying Cadets	director	Lewis D. Collins
Adventures of the Flying Cadets	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Burst City	director	Gakuryū Ishii
The Last Command (1955 film)	director	Frank Lloyd
Martin Luther (1953 film)	director	Irving Pichel
The Midnight Hour	director	Jack Bender
Face to Face (1952 film)	director	John Brahm
Face to Face (1952 film)	director	Bretaigne Windust
You Are There (series)	director	John Frankenheimer
You Are There (series)	director	Sidney Lumet
You Are There (series)	director	William D. Russell
Time Bomb 9/11	director	Ketan Mehta
Romeo & Juliet: Sealed with a Kiss	director	Phil Nibbelink
Young Aphrodites	director	Nikos Koundouros
Chirutha	director	Puri Jagannadh
D.O.C. (Lost)	director	Fred Toye
Tere Mere Sapne (1996 film)	director	Joy Augustine
The Great Gambler	director	Shakti Samanta
Follow the Sun	director	Sidney Lanfield
On Our Own (1994 TV series)	director	Rich Correll
On Our Own (1994 TV series)	director	John Tracy (director)
On Our Own (1994 TV series)	director	Joel Zwick
Hideaway (film)	director	Brett Leonard
The Bridge (1992 film)	director	Sydney Macartney
The Foxes of Harrow	director	John M. Stahl
The Children of Huang Shi	director	Roger Spottiswoode
Saat Rang Ke Sapne	director	Priyadarshan
I Cover the Waterfront	director	James Cruze
Alone (2007 film)	director	Banjong Pisanthanakun
Alone (2007 film)	director	Parkpoom Wongpoom
Let's Talk	director	Ram Madhvani
Raiders of Ghost City	director	Lewis D. Collins
Raiders of Ghost City	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Crooked E: The Unshredded Truth About Enron	director	Penelope Spheeris
Lovers (film)	director	Vicente Aranda
Dances of the Kwakiutl	director	William Heick
Mystery of the River Boat	director	Lewis D. Collins
Mystery of the River Boat	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Jungle Queen (serial)	director	Lewis D. Collins
Jungle Queen (serial)	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Reivers (film)	director	Mark Rydell
The Master Key (1945 serial)	director	Lewis D. Collins
The Master Key (1945 serial)	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Secret Agent X-9 (1945 serial)	director	Lewis D. Collins
Secret Agent X-9 (1945 serial)	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Royal Mounted Rides Again	director	Lewis D. Collins
The Royal Mounted Rides Again	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Scarlet Horseman	director	Lewis D. Collins
The Scarlet Horseman	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Farewell, My Lovely (1975 film)	director	Dick Richards
Lost City of the Jungle	director	Lewis D. Collins
Lost City of the Jungle	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Mysterious Mr. M	director	Lewis D. Collins
The Mysterious Mr. M	director	Vernon Keays
Quality Street (1927 film)	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
Barbe-bleue (1902 film)	director	Georges Méliès
The Red and the White (film)	director	Miklós Jancsó
Americanese	director	Eric Byler
Torrent (1926 film)	director	Monta Bell
Sanctuary (short film)	director	Michela Ledwidge
Catch-22 (Lost)	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Wonder Boys (film)	director	Curtis Hanson
Khela	director	Rituparno Ghosh
One of Us (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
August (2008 film)	director	Austin Chick
Wilfred (TV series)	director	Tony Rogers (director)
Revolutionary Road (film)	director	Sam Mendes
Welcome, or No Trespassing	director	Elem Klimov
I Want Candy (film)	director	Stephen Surjik
Casus Belli (Jericho episode)	director	Steven DePaul
Gaman	director	Muzaffar Ali
Midnight Manhunt	director	Pine-Thomas Productions
Mixed Company	director	Melville Shavelson
Dead Solid Perfect	director	Bobby Roth
Sons of Shiva	director	Robert Gardner (anthropologist)
Magical Death	director	Napoleon Chagnon
Magical Death	director	Tim Asch
Chhupa Rustam: A Musical Thriller	director	Aziz Sejawal
Onion News Network	director	J.J. Adler
Onion News Network	director	Will Graham (Director)
A Balinese Trance Seance	director	Tim Asch
Purple Storm (film)	director	Teddy Chan
Live from London (Duran Duran)	director	Lawrence Jordan
History of the Arkanar Massacre	director	Aleksei German
Hard to Be a God (1989 film)	director	Peter Fleischmann
Going Spanish	director	Al Christie
Managed Money	director	Charles Lamont
Yakuza Graveyard	director	Kinji Fukasaku
House on Fire	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Sure Death 4: Revenge	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Hindustan Ki Kasam (1999 film)	director	Veeru Devgan
Shola Aur Shabnam (1992 film)	director	David Dhawan
Rockets Galore!	director	Michael Relph
Paisa Vasool	director	Srinivas Bhashyam
The Bikini Carwash Company	director	Ed Hansen
My Conventional Wisdom	director	Michael McDonald (comedian)
On the Black Hill (film)	director	Andrew Grieve
Knife Edge	director	Anthony Hickox
Lil' Pimp	director	Mark Brooks (director)
Lil' Pimp	director	Peter Gilstrap
Liaisons (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Grossman (director)
The Island of the Mapmaker's Wife	director	Michie Gleason
God, That's Good	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Get to Know Your Rabbit	director	Brian De Palma
Lot in Sodom	director	James Sibley Watson
Lot in Sodom	director	Melville Webber
The Rage (2007 film)	director	Robert Kurtzman
In a Dark Place	director	Donato Rotunno
Butch and Sundance: The Early Days	director	Richard Lester
La Vie en rose (film)	director	Olivier Dahan
Sit Tight	director	Lloyd Bacon
Aishwarya (film)	director	Indrajith Lankesh
Gold Dust Gertie	director	Lloyd Bacon
Partition (2007 film)	director	Vic Sarin
Recaptured Love	director	John G. Adolfi
The Biggest Bundle of Them All	director	Ken Annakin
Leap of Faith (TV series)	director	Adam Bernstein
Leap of Faith (TV series)	director	Alex Graves
Tales of the City (TV miniseries)	director	Alastair Reid (director)
Lani Loa – The Passage	director	Sherwood Hu
Ooruku Nooruper	director	B. Lenin
Happy Birthday (1998 film)	director	Larisa Sadilova
Speak Up! It's So Dark	director	Suzanne Osten
The Angelic Conversation (film)	director	Derek Jarman
The Nanny Reunion: A Nosh to Remember	director	Peter Marc Jacobson
Pamahiin	director	Rahyan Carlos
Once Before I Die	director	John Derek
Justice Is Done	director	André Cayatte
Loft (2005 film)	director	Kiyoshi Kurosawa
Borom Sarret	director	Ousmane Sembène
The Tipping Point (The Outer Limits)	director	Brent Clackson
The Human Factor (2002 The Outer Limits)	director	Steve Aspis
The Human Factor (2002 The Outer Limits)	director	Robert Habros
Fireworks, Should We See It from the Side or the Bottom?	director	Shunji Iwai
Artists Under the Big Top: Perplexed	director	Alexander Kluge
Kiss Me Again (1931 film)	director	William A. Seiter
The Kon Ichikawa Story	director	Shunji Iwai
Shower (film)	director	Zhang Yang (director)
Rainbow Song	director	Naoto Kumazawa
Ziegfeld Girl (film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Ghost Soup	director	Shunji Iwai
Picnic (1996 film)	director	Shunji Iwai
Spite Marriage	director	Edward Sedgwick
Spite Marriage	director	Buster Keaton
The Snuke	director	Trey Parker
The Babe	director	Arthur Hiller
Sister Street Fighter	director	Kazuhiko Yamaguchi
Yakuza deka	director	Yukio Noda
She Couldn't Say No (1930 film)	director	Lloyd Bacon
Summer Heat	director	Michie Gleason
Joseph's Gift	director	Philippe Mora
Manhattan Parade	director	Lloyd Bacon
Peter Ibbetson	director	Henry Hathaway
Fifty Million Frenchmen (film)	director	Lloyd Bacon
Woman Hungry (film)	director	Clarence G. Badger
Viennese Nights	director	Alan Crosland
Tsuki no Warutsu	director	Atsuko Ishizuka
Bright Lights (1930 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Love Conquers All (film)	director	Tan Chui Mui
The Blonds	director	Albertina Carri
KAW	director	Sheldon Wilson
Sandra (film)	director	Luchino Visconti
Taínos (film)	director	Benjamín López
Smart City (film)	director	B. Unnikrishnan
Jugnu (1947 film)	director	Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi
Harvest (CSI)	director	David Grossman
Primary Colors (film)	director	Mike Nichols
Jim Thorpe – All-American	director	Michael Curtiz
The Runaround (1931 film)	director	William James Craft
The Warrior	director	Asif Kapadia
Owl and the Sparrow	director	Stephane Gauger
Lake City (film)	director	Perry Moore
The Desert Song (1929 film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
Monster Man	director	Michael Davis (director)
Whoopee! (film)	director	Thornton Freeland
The Pace That Kills	director	William A. O'Connor
Show Girl in Hollywood	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Delinquent Daughters	director	Albert Herman
Omoo-Omoo, the Shark God	director	Leon Leonard
Side Show (film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
The Nutcracker Prince	director	Paul Schibli
Sardar (1955 film)	director	Gyan Mukherjee
The Liberace of Baghdad	director	Sean McAllister (filmmaker)
Mahal (1949 film)	director	Kamal Amrohi
Kismet (1930 film)	director	John Francis Dillon (director)
Sleepy Hollow High	director	Chris Arth
Sleepy Hollow High	director	Kevin Summerfield (director)
Son of the Gods	director	Frank Lloyd
No, No, Nanette (1930 film)	director	Clarence G. Badger
Paris (1929 film)	director	Clarence G. Badger
Hajji Washington (film)	director	Ali Hatami
Made in Heaven (film)	director	Alan Rudolph
I-San Special	director	Mingmongkol Sonakul
Children (2006 film)	director	Ragnar Bragason
General Crack	director	Alan Crosland
Mysterious Object at Noon	director	Apichatpong Weerasethakul
Adajya	director	Santwana Bardoloi
Three Cases of Murder	director	David Eady (film director)
Three Cases of Murder	director	George More O'Ferrall
Three Cases of Murder	director	Wendy Toye
Steelyard Blues	director	Alan Myerson
Uttara (film)	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Machete (film)	director	Robert Rodriguez
Incendiary (film)	director	Sharon Maguire
Chinese Adventures in China	director	Philippe de Broca
The Deep Below	director	Rod Slane
Romeo and Juliet (1954 film)	director	Renato Castellani
The Photographical Congress Arrives in Lyon	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
Golgotha (1935 film)	director	Julien Duvivier
Daydream (1964 film)	director	Tetsuji Takechi
Good Guys Wear Black	director	Ted Post
Daydream (1981 film)	director	Tetsuji Takechi
Astitva...Ek Prem Kahani	director	Ajai Sinha
Love Nest on Wheels	director	Buster Keaton
The Bell Boy	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Johnny the Giant Killer	director	Jean Image
Return to the Land of Wonders	director	Maysoon Pachachi
The Good Mother (1988 film)	director	Leonard Nimoy
Wollongong the Brave	director	Ted Robinson (TV director)
Last House on Dead End Street	director	Roger Watkins
Mehman-e Maman	director	Dariush Mehrjui
Kaathala Kaathala	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
Gubra	director	Yasmin Ahmad
Hole (Bottom episode)	director	Bob Spiers
Son of the Northeast	director	Vichit Kounavudhi
Absender unbekannt	director	Ákos Ráthonyi
I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With	director	Jeff Garlin
Anandabhadram	director	Santosh Sivan
The Brothers Bloom	director	Rian Johnson
Fetal Position (House)	director	Matt Shakman
Autour d'une cabine	director	Charles-Émile Reynaud
Arcade (film)	director	Albert Pyun
'Gator Bait	director	Beverly Sebastion
Barque sortant du port	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
Africa Express	director	Michele Lupo
Persuasion (2007 TV drama)	director	Adrian Shergold
The Mountain of the Cannibal God	director	Sergio Martino
Perdona bonita, pero Lucas me quería a mí	director	Dunia Ayaso and Félix Sabroso
The Woman Accused	director	Paul Sloane (director)
Not on Your Life	director	Luis García Berlanga
'Gator Bait II: Cajun Justice	director	Beverly Sebastion
Cord (film)	director	Sidney J. Furie
This Time for Keeps	director	Richard Thorpe
The Swan Princess II: Escape from Castle Mountain	director	Richard Rich (director)
The Busy Little Engine	director	Desmond Mullen
Bon Voyage! (1962 film)	director	James Neilson (director)
Say It with Songs	director	Lloyd Bacon
Mammy (1930 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Courage (1930 film)	director	Archie Mayo
Franz Kafka's It's a Wonderful Life	director	Peter Capaldi
Father's Son	director	William Beaudine
The Bad Man (1930 film)	director	Clarence G. Badger
Men of the Sky	director	Alfred E. Green
Oh Sailor Behave	director	Archie Mayo
Bauerntanz zweier Kinder	director	Max Skladanowsky
Dil Deke Dekho	director	Nasir Hussain
Stonewall & Riot: The Ultimate Orgasm	director	Joe Phillips
Undisputed II: Last Man Standing	director	Isaac Florentine
Dance with Me (film)	director	Randa Haines
Throttle (film)	director	James Seale (film director)
The Frank Sinatra Show (ABC)	director	Kirk Browning
Paruthiveeran	director	Ameer Sultan
Imagine the Sound	director	Ron Mann
Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day	director	Bharat Nalluri
ECHO Lake Aquarium and Science Center	director	Phelan R. Fretz
The Terror Within	director	Thierry Notz
Vanity Fair (1998 TV serial)	director	Marc Munden
Stealing Rembrandt	director	Jannik Johansen
Vanity Fair (1967 TV serial)	director	David Giles (director)
Our Mutual Friend (1998 TV serial)	director	Julian Farino
The Vagabond King (1930 film)	director	Ludwig Berger (director)
Family Diary	director	Valerio Zurlini
Honor of the Family	director	Lloyd Bacon
Glory to the Filmmaker!	director	Takeshi Kitano
I Wonder Who's Killing Her Now?	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
The Office Wife	director	Lloyd Bacon
The Matrimonial Bed	director	Michael Curtiz
God's Gift to Women	director	Michael Curtiz
Caravan (1971 film)	director	Nasir Hussain
Munimji	director	Subodh Mukherjee
Kangaroo Palace	director	Robert Marchand
Jab Pyar Kisi Se Hota Hai	director	Nasir Hussain
Phir Wohi Dil Laya Hoon	director	Nasir Hussain
Baharon Ke Sapne	director	Nasir Hussain
Tomorrow Is My Turn	director	André Cayatte
The Hoax	director	Lasse Hallström
General della Rovere	director	Roberto Rossellini
My Rabbit	director	John Putch
My Turf War	director	Bill Lawrence (producer)
My Point of No Return	director	Linda Mendoza
Zamane Ko Dikhana Hai	director	Nasir Hussain
Bizarre, Bizarre	director	Marcel Carné
Boxing Kangaroo (film)	director	Max Skladanowsky
I as in Icarus	director	Henri Verneuil
The Clown Barber	director	James Williamson (film pioneer)
Dodoth Morning	director	Tim Asch
Ossos	director	Pedro Costa
Exposé (Lost)	director	Stephen Williams (director)
The Derby (1895 film)	director	Birt Acres
The Little Engine That Could (1991 film)	director	Dave Edwards (animator)
Hababam Sınıfı	director	Ertem Eğilmez
Carnival in Flanders (film)	director	Jacques Feyder
Rickshaw Man	director	Hiroshi Inagaki
Counsellor at Law	director	William Wyler
Home of the Brave (1949 film)	director	Mark Robson
The Butcher (1970 film)	director	Claude Chabrol
24 Hours of Explicit Sex	director	José Mojica Marins
Appointment in London	director	Philip Leacock
Trick 'r Treat	director	Michael Dougherty
Lightning Over Water	director	Wim Wenders
Lightning Over Water	director	Nicholas Ray
Wheel of Time (film)	director	Werner Herzog
A Doll's House (1959 film)	director	George Schaefer (director)
A Doll's House (1973 Garland film)	director	Patrick Garland
A Doll's House (1973 Losey film)	director	Joseph Losey
Drive-Thru (film)	director	Brendan Cowles
Drive-Thru (film)	director	Shane Kuhn
Double Dare (film)	director	Amanda Micheli
Ghost Station (film)	director	Yuthlert Sippapak
A Room with a View (2007 TV drama)	director	Nicholas Renton
Nothing But the Best	director	Clive Donner
Seven Days to Noon	director	Boulting brothers
Seven Days to Noon	director	Boulting brothers
The Clockmaker	director	Bertrand Tavernier
Ator l'invincibile	director	Joe D'Amato
The Conquest of Everest	director	George Lowe (mountaineer)
To Live in Peace	director	Luigi Zampa
Frauengefängnis	director	Jesús Franco
The Third Generation	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
The Night of the Shooting Stars	director	Paolo and Vittorio Taviani
The Night of the Shooting Stars	director	Paolo and Vittorio Taviani
Texas Lady	director	Tim Whelan
Remember the Day	director	Henry King (director)
Without Reservations	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Guest Wife	director	Sam Wood
Bluebeard's Eighth Wife	director	Ernst Lubitsch
She Married Her Boss	director	Gregory La Cava
An Old Flame	director	Chevron Cars Ltd
The Egg and I (film)	director	Chester Erskine
The Secret Heart	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Sleep, My Love	director	Douglas Sirk
Bride for Sale	director	William D. Russell
Arise, My Love	director	Mitchell Leisen
The Planter's Wife	director	Ken Annakin
The Best Bet	director	Jack Neo
The House of Morecock	director	Joe Phillips
Three-Cornered Moon	director	Elliott Nugent
The Wiser Sex	director	Berthold Viertel
The Wiser Sex	director	Fred Zinnemann
Mr. Monk and the Leper	director	Randall Zisk
The Man from Yesterday	director	Berthold Viertel
Torch Singer	director	Alexander Hall
Torch Singer	director	George Somnes
The Lady Lies (film)	director	Hobert Henley
Misleading Lady	director	Stuart Walker (filmmaker)
The Phantom President	director	Norman Taurog
Red: The Dark Side	director	Vikram Bhatt
Honor Among Lovers	director	Dorothy Arzner
The Hole in the Wall	director	Robert Florey
Secrets of a Secretary	director	George Abbott
No Time for Love (film)	director	Mitchell Leisen
His Woman	director	Edward Sloman
Manslaughter (1930 film)	director	George Abbott
The Bride Comes Home	director	Wesley Ruggles
Beresina, or the Last Days of Switzerland	director	Daniel Schmid
Destinées	director	Marcello Pagliero
Destinées	director	Jean Delannoy
Destinées	director	Christian-Jaque
Tonight Is Ours	director	Stuart Walker (filmmaker)
Skylark (1941 film)	director	Mark Sandrich
Practically Yours	director	Mitchell Leisen
Maid of Salem	director	Frank Lloyd
I Met Him in Paris	director	Wesley Ruggles
Young Man of Manhattan	director	Monta Bell
Family Honeymoon	director	Claude Binyon
Royal Affairs in Versailles	director	Sacha Guitry
American Gun (2002 film)	director	Alan Jacobs
Four Frightened People	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Eye (2008 film)	director	David Moreau
Bara no Konrei ~Mayonaka ni Kawashita Yakusoku~	director	Hiroyuki Muto
Soprano Home Movies	director	Tim Van Patten
Disillusion (Upstairs, Downstairs)	director	Bill Bain (director)
Antônia	director	Tata Amaral
Notebook (film)	director	Rosshan Andrrews
Slap Her... She's French	director	Melanie Mayron
The Basketball Show	director	Bill Velasco
Le Professionnel	director	Georges Lautner
Thicker than Water (2006 film)	director	Árni Ásgeirsson
Manon (film)	director	Henri-Georges Clouzot
Al-Tareeq al-Masdood	director	Salah Abu Seif
True Colors (TV series)	director	Peter Bonerz
True Colors (TV series)	director	Stan Lathan
True Colors (TV series)	director	Arlene Sanford
True Colors (TV series)	director	Rob Schiller
Al-Zawjah al-Azra'	director	El Sayed Bedeir
For the Love of Mike	director	Frank Capra
Gossip (Desperate Housewives)	director	Wendey Stanzler
Alexander's Ragtime Band (film)	director	Henry King (director)
Such A Lovely Man	director	Christopher Hodson
Siréna	director	Karel Steklý
The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole (TV series)	director	Peter Sasdy
Ilsa, Harem Keeper of the Oil Sheiks	director	Don Edmonds
Fantastic Easter Special	director	Trey Parker
Les Biches (1968 film)	director	Claude Chabrol
Jewish American Princess (film)	director	Jacqueline Davis (director)
Jewish American Princess (film)	director	Ian Davis (director)
Destilando Amor	director	Miguel Córcega
Kami (film)	director	Patrick Yeoh
Zaza (film)	director	George Cukor
Mela (1971 film)	director	Prakash Mehra
Sharaabi	director	Prakash Mehra
Rafoo Chakkar	director	Narender Bedi
Michael Madana Kama Rajan	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
Mysterious Mr. Parkes	director	Louis J. Gasnier
Suhaag (1979 film)	director	Manmohan Desai
Raampur Ka Lakshman	director	Manmohan Desai
Sayyidat al-Qasr	director	Kamal El Sheikh
Klepto	director	Thomas Trail
Khoon Bhari Maang	director	Rakesh Roshan
Chermin	director	Zarina Abdullah
Innocence (2005 film)	director	Areeya Chumsai
In Vanda's Room	director	Pedro Costa
The Match Factory Girl	director	Aki Kaurismäki
The Last American Hero	director	Lamont Johnson
Have you seen Drum recently?	director	Jürgen Schadeberg
The Mighty Boosh (TV series)	director	Paul King (director)
Daadshah	director	Habib Kavosh
Strawberry Fields (1997 film)	director	Rea Tajiri
Sharkwater	director	Rob Stewart (filmmaker)
The Deal (2005 film)	director	Harvey Kahn
Kunsthaus Zürich	director	Christoph Becker
Almost an Angel	director	John Cornell
21 (2008 film)	director	Robert Luketic
Mr. Medhavi	director	Neelakanta
Loveaholic	director	Ping Lumpraploeng
The Nine Days Wonder	director	Simon Langton (television director)
Sunny (1930 film)	director	William A. Seiter
Top Speed	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Angel Baby (1995 film)	director	Michael Rymer
Am Sklavenmarkt	director	Johann Schwarzer
Severed	director	Carl Bessai
Fragments (film)	director	Rowan Woods
Sydney White	director	Joe Nussbaum
Cheers for Miss Bishop	director	Tay Garnett
Gracie (film)	director	Davis Guggenheim
Hi-jacked	director	Alan Perry (director)
Azazel (film)	director	Aleksandr Adabashyan
Lady Oscar (film)	director	Jacques Demy
Down to Earth (1995 film)	director	Pedro Costa
Heroes (2008 film)	director	Samir Karnik
Wake in Fright	director	Ted Kotcheff
The Conformist (film)	director	Bernardo Bertolucci
Bain el Atlal	director	Ezzel Dine Zulficar
Deathsport	director	Allan Arkush
Deathsport	director	Roger Corman
The Squeeze (1987 film)	director	Roger Young (director)
The Great War (1959 film)	director	Mario Monicelli
Close My Eyes (film)	director	Stephen Poliakoff
Caramel (film)	director	Nadine Labaki
Airborne (House)	director	Elodie Keene
Sadma	director	Balu Mahendra
Stormy Weathers (1992 film)	director	Will Mackenzie
She Cried No	director	Bethany Rooney
Osuofia in London	director	Kingsley Ogoro
Caprice (1967 film)	director	Frank Tashlin
Act Your Age (House)	director	Daniel Sackheim
Psychomania	director	Don Sharp
True Love (1989 film)	director	Nancy Savoca
Tosun Paşa	director	Kartal Tibet
Cry, the Beloved Country (1995 film)	director	Darrell Roodt
Vivir Intentando	director	Tomás Yankelevich
Cry, the Beloved Country (1951 film)	director	Zoltan Korda
A Gentle Woman	director	Robert Bresson
City of Hope (film)	director	John Sayles
Les Forgerons	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
The Haunting Hour: Don't Think About It	director	Alex Zamm
Wedding Daze	director	Michael Ian Black
A Song Is Born	director	Howard Hawks
Mr. President (TV series)	director	Marc Daniels
Frankenstein vs. the Creature from Blood Cove	director	William Winckler
Mickey One	director	Arthur Penn
Theresa: The Body of Christ	director	Ray Loriga
So You Think You Can Dance (Malaysia)	director	Zebedee De Costa
So You Think You Can Dance (Malaysia)	director	Tengku Firhad
When Night Falls	director	Alex Galvin
Petra-Gate	director	Paul Lazarus
Radiant City	director	Gary Burns (director)
Radiant City	director	Jim Brown (radio host)
Dizzy Pilots	director	Jules White
One If By Land (Jericho episode)	director	Seith Mann
The Well (1997 film)	director	Samantha Lang
Yeh Hai Jalwa	director	David Dhawan
Pistha	director	K. S. Ravikumar
The Aroma of Tea	director	Michaël Dudok de Wit
The Final Comedown	director	Oscar Williams (filmmaker)
Adanggaman	director	Roger Gnoan M'Bala
Product Recall	director	Randall Einhorn
Five on the Black Hand Side	director	Oscar Williams (filmmaker)
Man Hunt (1941 film)	director	Fritz Lang
Mama's Boy (film)	director	Tim Hamilton (director)
Brudepigen – Færgeturen – Jagten på kæledyret	director	Helle Melander
La Mer (film)	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
Golden Gate (film)	director	John Madden (director)
Opening of the Kiel Canal	director	Birt Acres
Hot Potato (film)	director	Oscar Williams (filmmaker)
The Hunt for Eagle One	director	Brian Clyde
The Beholder (The Outer Limits)	director	Jeff Woolnough
Skin Deep (The Outer Limits)	director	Dan Ireland
I Capture the Castle (film)	director	Tim Fywell
Decompression (The Outer Limits)	director	Jorge Montesi
Heading Home	director	Lawrence C. Windom
Jánošík (1921 film)	director	Jaroslav Siakeľ
Marathon Man (film)	director	John Schlesinger
Girls Town (1996 film)	director	Jim McKay (director)
Aladdin and His Magic Lamp	director	Jean Image
La Buena Estrella	director	Ricardo Franco
Tornado!	director	Noel Nosseck
Storm Warning (1951 film)	director	Stuart Heisler
La Confusion des Genres	director	Ilan Duran Cohen
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (1967 TV serial)	director	Helen Standage
Ouija (film)	director	Topel Lee
Ezra (film)	director	Newton I. Aduaka
Waiting for Happiness	director	Abderrahmane Sissako
Steppenwolf (film)	director	Fred Haines
The Oxford and Cambridge University Boat Race (1895 film)	director	Birt Acres
The Crab with the Golden Claws (film)	director	Claude Misonne
The Seventh Continent	director	Michael Haneke
Der Neue Schreibtisch	director	Karl Valentin
The Day I Became a Woman	director	Marzieh Meshkini
Throw Down	director	Johnnie To
U2 3D	director	Mark Pellington
Vidhaata	director	Subhash Ghai
WarGames: The Dead Code	director	Stuart Gillard
Jenny (TV series)	director	Andy Ackerman
Jenny (TV series)	director	Leonard R. Garner, Jr.
Jenny (TV series)	director	Jeff Melman
Dangerous Ground	director	Darrell Roodt
Pocket Dragon Adventures	director	Eric S.Rollman
Private Property (film)	director	Joachim Lafosse
The Acting Class	director	Jill Hennessy
The Broken Giant	director	Estep Nagy
What Would We Do Without You?	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Ed's Next Move	director	John C. Walsh
The Cats of Mirikitani	director	Linda Hattendorf
BraveStarr: The Movie	director	Tom Tataranowicz
Khubsoorat	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Pirates of the 20th Century	director	Boris Durov
The Butcher Boy (1997 film)	director	Neil Jordan
The Understudy (Upstairs, Downstairs)	director	James Ormerod
The Brig	director	Eric Laneuville
A Black and White World	director	Adam White (footballer)
Partie de cartes	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
You Can Thank Me Later	director	Shimon Dotan
License to Wed	director	Ken Kwapis
Rasathanthram	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Place des Cordeliers à Lyon	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
International Concerto	director	Alan Perry (director)
Hugo Pool	director	Robert Downey, Sr.
La Pêche aux poissons rouges	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
Edward and Friends	director	Jeff Newitt
Edward and Friends	director	Jo Pullen
Edward and Friends	director	Martin Pullen
Repas de bébé	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
Ivor the Invisible	director	Hilary Audus
Munster, Go Home!	director	Earl Bellamy
Death Defying Acts	director	Gillian Armstrong
Forest of the Damned	director	Johannes Roberts
Heidi (1937 film)	director	Allan Dwan
Alberto (Upstairs, Downstairs)	director	Christopher Hodson
Angel (1987 film)	director	Raymond Leung
Angel (1987 film)	director	Teresa Woo
71 Fragments of a Chronology of Chance	director	Michael Haneke
The Science Museum at Wroughton	director	Molly Jackson
Spring Silkworms (film)	director	Cheng Bugao
The Tailenders	director	Adele Horne
High Heels and Low Lifes	director	Mel Smith
A Man Called Horse (1970 film)	director	Elliot Silverstein
Untraceable	director	Gregory Hoblit
Are You Ready for Love?	director	Helen M. Grace
Here Is Germany	director	Frank Capra
Think Fast, Father Ted	director	Declan Lowney
Doing Time for Patsy Cline	director	Chris Kennedy
The Old Grey Whistle Theft	director	Declan Lowney
The Plague (Father Ted)	director	Declan Lowney
Winner Takes All (2004 film)	director	Helen M. Grace
Night of the Nearly Dead	director	Graham Linehan
In the Shadow of the Moon	director	David Sington
In the Shadow of the Moon	director	Christopher Riley
D-Yikes!	director	Trey Parker
Journey to the Center of Time	director	David L. Hewitt
Batang Kaharian	director	Catherina Fournier
Bomb It	director	Jon Reiss
Maya Kannadi	director	Cheran (director)
Dragon Warrior Monsters	director	Yuji Horii
Young Triffie	director	Mary Walsh (actress)
Love in Tokyo	director	Pramod Chakravorty
Valkyrie (film)	director	Bryan Singer
Mister Lonely	director	Harmony Korine
Humjoli	director	Ramana (film)
Tell Me That You Love Me, Junie Moon	director	Otto Preminger
The Man Behind the Curtain	director	Bobby Roth
Carmen Jones (film)	director	Otto Preminger
Tubby the Tuba (1975 film)	director	Alexander Schure
Victoria No. 203	director	Brij Sadanah
Rough Sea at Dover	director	Birt Acres
Rough Sea at Dover	director	Robert W. Paul
Souten	director	Sawan Kumar Tak
Intruder (1993 film)	director	Vicente Aranda
Astro Boy (film)	director	David Bowers (director)
Koro no Daisanpo	director	Hayao Miyazaki
¡Ay Carmela! (film)	director	Carlos Saura
Le Saut à la couverture	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
Jealousy (1999 film)	director	Vicente Aranda
Forbidden Iran	director	Carla Garapedian
Snuff 102 (film)	director	Mariano Peralta
The Last Days of Pompeii (1913 film)	director	Mario Caserini
The Last Days of Pompeii (1913 film)	director	Eleuterio Rodolfi
Love Stories	director	Jerzy Stuhr
Mean Girls	director	Mark Waters (director)
Into the Woods (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Grossman (director)
The Lost Honour of Katharina Blum (film)	director	Volker Schlöndorff
The Lost Honour of Katharina Blum (film)	director	Margarethe von Trotta
Gypsy Woman	director	Sheree Folkson
The River of Love (film)	director	Ezzel Dine Zulficar
MariMar (Philippines TV series)	director	Joyce E. Bernal
MariMar (Philippines TV series)	director	Mac Alejandre
Pilot (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Come On (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Traces of a Dragon	director	Mabel Cheung
After Midnight (1989 film)	director	Jim Wheat
After Midnight (1989 film)	director	Ken Wheat
Downtime (film)	director	Bharat Nalluri
Brahmachari (Hindi film)	director	Bhappi Sonie
Milan (1967 film)	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Dangerous Parking	director	Peter Howitt
Tumsa Nahin Dekha (1957 film)	director	Nasir Hussain
I Will Not Confess	director	Kamal El Sheikh
Killer Bud	director	Karl T. Hirsch
Les Mystères du Château de Dé	director	Man Ray
Les Mystères du Château de Dé	director	Jacques-André Boiffard
The Hellcats	director	Robert F. Slatzer
Blood Diner	director	Jackie Kong
Blood Feast 2: All U Can Eat	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Neo Tokyo (film)	director	Rintaro
Neo Tokyo (film)	director	Yoshiaki Kawajiri
Neo Tokyo (film)	director	Katsuhiro Otomo
Love (1971 film)	director	Károly Makk
Asian Treasures	director	Eric Quizon
Asian Treasures	director	Asian Treasures#Production credits
Wanna Come In?	director	Katherine Brooks
Wanna Come In?	director	Jen Friesen
Super Twins	director	Dominic Zapata
Ein Lied von Liebe und Tod	director	Rolf Schübel
Emporte-moi	director	Léa Pool
Rough Romance	director	A.F. Erickson
Cheer Up and Smile	director	Sidney Lanfield
Breakout (Joe 90)	director	Leo Eaton
Honey Glaze	director	Michael Legge (filmmaker)
Night Zoo	director	Jean-Claude Lauzon
Young Catherine	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Diamond Jim	director	A. Edward Sutherland
The Big Road	director	Sun Yu (director)
My Mother Frank	director	Mark Lamprell
We're No Angels (1989 film)	director	Neil Jordan
Juggernaut (1936 film)	director	Henry Edwards (actor)
Nickel Mountain	director	Drew Denbaum
Look Back in Anger (film)	director	Tony Richardson
Ekhrajiha	director	Masoud Dehnamaki
Main Azaad Hoon	director	Tinnu Anand
Bemisal	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Naseeb (1981 film)	director	Manmohan Desai
Le Retour à la Raison	director	Man Ray
Emak-Bakia	director	Man Ray
Betaab (1983 film)	director	Rahul Rawail
L'Étoile de mer	director	Man Ray
L'Étoile de mer	director	Jacques-André Boiffard
Bobby Deerfield	director	Sydney Pollack
Catherine the Great (1995 film)	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
Catherine the Great (1995 film)	director	John Goldsmith (writer)
Kaalia	director	Tinnu Anand
Haath Ki Safai	director	Prakash Mehra
Dus Numbri	director	Madan Mohla
Do Aur Do Paanch (1980 film)	director	Rakesh Kumar
Five Element Ninjas	director	Chang Cheh
Things to Do Before You're 30	director	Matthew Juliff
Ming Ming	director	Susie Au
Evil Toons	director	Fred Olen Ray
Invincible Shaolin	director	Chang Cheh
Daag: A Poem of Love	director	Yash Chopra
Aan Milo Sajna	director	Mukul Dutt
Fortean TV	director	Luke Campbell
Five Shaolin Masters	director	Chang Cheh
Ten Tigers from Kwangtung	director	Chang Cheh
Let Joy Reign Supreme	director	Bertrand Tavernier
Kid with the Golden Arm	director	Chang Cheh
The First Power	director	Robert Resnikoff
Flag of Iron	director	Chang Cheh
Rebel Intruders	director	Chang Cheh
Naval Commandos	director	Chang Cheh
Naval Commandos	director	Liu Weibin
Naval Commandos	director	Wu Ma
Marius (film)	director	Alexander Korda
Marius (film)	director	Marcel Pagnol
Follow Thru	director	Lloyd Corrigan
Follow Thru	director	Laurence Schwab
The Magic Riddle	director	Yoram Gross
The Man Who Changed His Mind	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Back to Bosnia	director	Sabina Vajrača
P.S. I Love You (film)	director	Richard LaGravenese
Tower of London (1962 film)	director	Roger Corman
The Comedians (1967 film)	director	Peter Glenville
A Man to Remember	director	Garson Kanin
Dolphin Cove (TV series)	director	Noel Black
Dolphin Cove (TV series)	director	Brian Henson
Stupid Teenagers Must Die!	director	Jeff C. Smith
Live for Life	director	Claude Lelouch
The War Is Over (film)	director	Alain Resnais
Dukun (film)	director	Dain Said
Buddha Mil Gaya	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Mere Jeevan Saathi (1972 film)	director	Ravikant Nagaich
Dostana (1980 film)	director	Raj Khosla
Des Pardes	director	Dev Anand
The Sandwich Man	director	Robert Hartford-Davis
Aap Ki Kasam	director	J. Om Prakash
Bees Saal Baad (1962 film)	director	Biren Nag
Do Badan	director	Raj Khosla
Khoon Pasina	director	Prakash Mehra
Mr. Natwarlal	director	Rakesh Kumar
Ganga Ki Saugandh	director	Sultan Ahmed
Aadalat	director	Narendra Bedi
Shaolin Temple (1976 film)	director	Chang Cheh
Do Anjaane	director	Dulal Guha
Immaan Dharam	director	Desh Mukherjee
Alaap	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Zameer (1974 film)	director	Ravi Chopra
Faraar	director	Shankar Mukherjee
2 Champions of Shaolin	director	Chang Cheh
Mahaan	director	S. Ramanathan
Sawan Bhadon	director	Mohan Segal
Dharmatma	director	Feroz Khan
Dharam Karam	director	Randhir Kapoor
Kahani Kismat Ki	director	Arjun Hingorani
Moondru Mugam	director	A.Jagannathan
Madam Satan	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Aakraman	director	J. Om Prakash
Lady Is the Boss	director	Lau Kar-leung
Pyar Hi Pyar	director	Bhappi Sonie
Serpentinen Tanz	director	Max Skladanowsky
Chanthupottu	director	Lal Jose
Party (1994 film)	director	Eric Swelstad
La Voltige	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
The Killer Reserved Nine Seats	director	Giuseppe Bennati
White Fang 2: Myth of the White Wolf	director	Ken Olin
Once in a Lifetime (2000 film)	director	Susanne Bier
Valli (film)	director	K. Natraj
Veera (1994 film)	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
Uzhaippali	director	P. Vasu
Yejaman	director	R. V. Udayakumar
Annamalai (film)	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
Trancers 6	director	Jay Woelfel
Frankenstein Meets the Space Monster	director	Robert Gaffney
Baseraa	director	Ramesh Talwar
Dulhan Wahi Jo Piya Man Bhaye	director	Lekh Tandon
Cachorro	director	Miguel Albaladejo
Chhupa Rustam	director	Vijay Anand
Banarasi Babu	director	David Dhawan
Raja Rani (1973 film)	director	Sachin Bhowmick
Dhund (1973 film)	director	Baldev Raj Chopra
Jheel Ke Us Paar	director	Bhappi Sonie
Anuraag (1973 film)	director	Shakti Samanta
Prem Pujari	director	Dev Anand
Abhinetri	director	Subodh Mukherjee
Aadmi Aur Insaan	director	Yash Chopra
Jeevan Mrityu	director	Satyendra Nath Bose
Tum Haseen Main Jawaan	director	Bhappi Sonie
Panakkaran	director	P. Vasu
Mannan (film)	director	P. Vasu
Phool Bane Angaray	director	K. C. Bokadia
Eggshells (film)	director	Tobe Hooper
Khoon Ka Karz	director	Mukul S. Anand
Athisaya Piravi	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Mad Monkey Kung Fu	director	Lau Kar-leung
The Devil's Disciple (1959 film)	director	Guy Hamilton
Raja Chinna Roja	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Kodi Parakuthu	director	P. Bharathiraja
Rajadhi Raja (1989 film)	director	R. Sundarrajan
Bhrashtachar	director	Ramesh Sippy
Dharmathin Thalaivan	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Guru Sishyan (1988 film)	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Oorkavalan	director	Manobala
Paayum Puli	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Insaaf Kaun Karega	director	Sudarshan Nag
Mr. Bharath	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Sri Raghavendra	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Naan Adimai Illai	director	Bungle Shama Rao Dwarakanath
Chhoti Bahu	director	K. B. Tilak
You Know My Name (film)	director	John Kent Harrison
The Master (1980 film)	director	Lu Chin Ku
Closet Space (2007 film)	director	Mel House
Bhagwan Dada (film)	director	J. Om Prakash
The Storholmen Brothers	director	Sigurd Wallén
Me and the Colonel	director	Peter Glenville
The Bravados	director	Henry King (director)
Day of Anger	director	Tonino Valerii
Rocky (1981 film)	director	Sunil Dutt
See This Movie	director	David M. Rosenthal (director)
Manithan	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Arrivée d'un train gare de Vincennes	director	Georges Méliès
Above Death: In God We Trust	director	Simi Opeoluwa
Something to Sing About (1937 film)	director	Victor Schertzinger
Hillbillys in a Haunted House	director	Jean Yarbrough
The Way Steel Was Tempered	director	Želimir Žilnik
The Breaks (film)	director	Eric Meza
Marble Ass	director	Želimir Žilnik
Cthulhu (2000 film)	director	Damian Heffernan
Cthulhu (2007 film)	director	Daniel Gildark
Brothers and Sisters (1979 TV series)	director	John Bowab
Brothers and Sisters (1979 TV series)	director	Lowell Ganz
Brothers and Sisters (1979 TV series)	director	Dick Martin (comedian)
Brothers and Sisters (1979 TV series)	director	Tony Mordente
Is Your Daughter Safe?	director	S. S. Millard
Runway (2004 film)	director	Joshi (director)
Vinodayathra	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Un Kannil Neer Vazhindal	director	Balu Mahendra
Naan Sigappu Manithan	director	S. A. Chandrasekhar
John Jani Janardhan	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
Nallavanuku Nallavan	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Kaiyoppu	director	Ranjith (director)
A Difficult Life	director	Dino Risi
Ek Chalis Ki Last Local	director	Sanjay Khanduri
The Unorthodox Shepherd	director	Ken Turner
The Golem (1915 film)	director	Paul Wegener
The Golem (1915 film)	director	Henrik Galeen
L'Arroseur	director	Georges Méliès
Le Golem	director	Julien Duvivier
Zip, Zip, Zip	director	Pamela Fryman
Haasil	director	Tigmanshu Dhulia
The Grind (upcoming film)	director	Rishi Opel
The Fabulous World of Jules Verne	director	Karel Zeman
Night of the Demons 3	director	Jim "James" Kaufman
Crazy House (1943 film)	director	Edward F. Cline
Through the Looking Glass (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Baignade en mer	director	Georges Méliès
Conversation Piece (film)	director	Luchino Visconti
Billy (1979 TV series)	director	John Rich (director)
Christiane F. – We Children from Bahnhof Zoo	director	Uli Edel
Painkiller Jane (film)	director	Sanford Bookstaver
The Mad Magician	director	John Brahm
Necromancy (film)	director	Bert I. Gordon
Crazy Little Thing	director	Matthew Miller
Dizzy Heights (TV series)	director	Claire Winyard
The Adventurers (1970 film)	director	Lewis Gilbert
Grief Counseling (The Office)	director	Roger Nygard
Always Sanchōme no Yūhi	director	Takashi Yamazaki (film director)
Back from Vacation	director	Julian Farino
The Domino Principle	director	Stanley Kramer
A Night Full of Rain	director	Lina Wertmüller
Stage 5 (The Sopranos)	director	Alan Taylor (director)
Bookies (film)	director	Mark Illsley
2000 AD (film)	director	Gordon Chan
España 1936 (film)	director	Jean-Paul Le Chanois
Bye Bye Miss Goodnight	director	Karan Kandhari
Gunpowder, Treason & Plot	director	Gillies MacKinnon
Dr. Jack	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
La famiglia (1987 film)	director	Ettore Scola
Night of the Scarecrow	director	Jeff Burr
Man About Dog	director	Paddy Breathnach
Rama Shama Bhama	director	Ramesh Aravind
Late Autumn (1960 film)	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Zaido: Pulis Pangkalawakan	director	Dominic Zapata
The Outsiders (TV series)	director	Gwen Arner
The Outsiders (TV series)	director	Bill Duke
The Outsiders (TV series)	director	Jan Eliasberg
The Outsiders (TV series)	director	Janet Greek
The Outsiders (TV series)	director	Lee H. Katzin
The Outsiders (TV series)	director	Sharron Miller
The Outsiders (TV series)	director	Michael Toshiyuki Uno
Hero at Large	director	Martin Davidson
Caught in a Cabaret	director	Mabel Normand
Killing Birds	director	Claudio Lattanzi
Jar City (film)	director	Baltasar Kormákur
His New Job	director	Charlie Chaplin
His Prehistoric Past	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Face on the Bar Room Floor (1914 film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Going Wild	director	William A. Seiter
Sizzle Beach, U.S.A.	director	Richard Brander
Mabel's Busy Day	director	Mabel Normand
His Trysting Place	director	Charlie Chaplin
Winx Club: The Secret of the Lost Kingdom	director	Iginio Straffi
Isn't It Romantic? (film)	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Words and Music (1929 film)	director	James Tinling
The Stars Fell on Henrietta	director	James Keach
Atlas Computer Laboratory	director	Jack Howlett
Kora Kagaz	director	Sanjay Mukharji
Dost (1974 film)	director	Dulal Guha
Prem Nagar (1974 film)	director	Kovelamudi Surya Prakash Rao
Hawas	director	Saawan Kumar Tak
Prem Parvat	director	Ved Rahi
Heera Panna	director	Dev Anand
Jwaar Bhata	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Night of the Living Homeless	director	Trey Parker
Sagina (film)	director	Tapan Sinha
Jenin, Jenin	director	Mohammad Bakri
5 Rifles	director	I. S. Johar
Dil Bhi Tera Hum Bhi Tere	director	Arjun Hingorani
Prancer (film)	director	John D. Hancock
Boy Friend (1961 film)	director	Naresh Saigal
Soorat Aur Seerat	director	Rajnish Behl
Sapno Ka Saudagar	director	Mahesh Kaul
Útlaginn	director	Ágúst Guðmundsson
Supermarket Woman	director	Jūzō Itami
Sagina Mahato	director	Tapan Sinha
On the Beach (1959 film)	director	Stanley Kramer
The Crime of Cuenca	director	Pilar Miró
Pooja Ke Phool	director	A. Bhimsingh
Ganga Ki Lahren	director	Devi Sharma (filmmaker)
Baharon Ki Manzil (1968 film)	director	Yakub Hassan Rizvi
Dil Diya Dard Liya	director	Abdul Rashid Kardar
Son of the Bride	director	Juan J. Campanella
Aashirwad	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Kill Buljo	director	Tommy Wirkola
You, John Jones!	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Field Trip	director	Kim Manners
Mundo de Fieras (Mexico)	director	Edgar Ramírez
Not with My Wife, You Don't!	director	Norman Panama
Baharon Ki Manzil (1973 film)	director	S. Suleman
Fishtales	director	Alki David
Gaai Aur Gori	director	M.A. Thirumugham
Paano Kita Iibigin	director	Joyce E. Bernal
Sonia, Nuvu Na Prema	director	PVS Prasad
The Prisoner or: How I Planned to Kill Tony Blair	director	Michael Tucker (director)
The Prisoner or: How I Planned to Kill Tony Blair	director	Petra Epperlein
Kaun (film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Aakhri Khat	director	Chetan Anand (director)
Musafir (1957 film)	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
The Dawns Here Are Quiet	director	Stanislav Rostotsky
Casanova 70	director	Mario Monicelli
A Maiden for a Prince	director	Pasquale Festa Campanile
Neecha Nagar	director	Chetan Anand (director)
Biraj Bahu	director	Bimal Roy
A Place of One's Own	director	Bernard Knowles
Aaj Ka Arjun	director	K. C. Bokadia
Junoon (1978 film)	director	Shyam Benegal
Wild Thing (film)	director	Max Reid
The Ghost Hunter (TV series)	director	David Bell
Maddalena, zero in condotta	director	Vittorio De Sica
Teresa Venerdì	director	Vittorio De Sica
Roma Bene	director	Carlo Lizzani
Laila Majnu (1976 film)	director	Harnam Singh Rawail
The 25th Hour (1967 film)	director	Henri Verneuil
Surakshaa	director	Ravikant Nagaich
The Glamorous Life of Sachiko Hanai	director	Mitsuru Meike
Crisis (M*A*S*H)	director	Don Weis
Remember When (The Sopranos)	director	Phil Abraham
A Smattering of Intelligence	director	Larry Gelbart
Chasing It	director	Tim Van Patten
You're Gonna Miss Me	director	Keven McAlester
Desire Under the Elms (film)	director	Delbert Mann
Beijing Bastards	director	Zhang Yuan
Freakshow (film)	director	Drew Bell
Pareni Maya Jalaima (film)	director	Sunil Thapa
The Last Days of Pompeii (1926 film)	director	Carmine Gallone
The Last Days of Pompeii (1926 film)	director	Amleto Palermi
The Turkish Passion	director	Vicente Aranda
Senso (film)	director	Luchino Visconti
The Dark Redemption	director	Peter Mether
Genesis: In Concert	director	Tony Maylam
Asambhav	director	Rajiv Rai
No Reservations (film)	director	Scott Hicks
Remp-It	director	Ahmad Idham
Les Plouffe	director	Gilles Carle
The Girl and the General	director	Pasquale Festa Campanile
I Walk the Line (film)	director	John Frankenheimer
When Women Had Tails	director	Pasquale Festa Campanile
The Venetian Affair (film)	director	Jerry Thorpe
Pilot (Twin Peaks)	director	David Lynch
Bellissima (film)	director	Luchino Visconti
L'innocente	director	Luchino Visconti
Minna no Ie	director	Kōki Mitani
Pas de deux (film)	director	Norman McLaren
Be Here to Love Me	director	Margaret Brown (American director of film)
William Eggleston in the Real World	director	Michael Almereyda
The Time Traveler's Wife (film)	director	Robert Schwentke
The Landlord (film)	director	Adam McKay
Sona Chandi	director	Rashid Dar
Devlin (TV series)	director	Charles Nichols
The Man Who Understood Women	director	Nunnally Johnson
El lugar sin límites (film)	director	Arturo Ripstein
The Express	director	Gary Fleder
Coalition of the Willing (Jericho episode)	director	Guy Bee
My Suicide	director	David Lee Miller
Bring It On: In It to Win It	director	Steve Rash
Kunwara Baap	director	Mehmood Ali
Super Sweet 16: The Movie	director	Neema Barnette
Amanush	director	Shakti Samanta
Prem Kahani	director	Raj Khosla
Ajnabee (1974 film)	director	Shakti Samanta
Khushboo (1975 film)	director	Gulzar
Sanyasi (1975 film)	director	Sohanlal Kanwar
La Tutf'e al-Shams	director	Salah Abu Seif
The Puppetoon Movie	director	Arnold Leibovit
Bidaai (1974 film)	director	L. V. Prasad
Zehreela Insaan	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Congo Bill (serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Congo Bill (serial)	director	Thomas Carr (director)
Qaid (film)	director	Atma Ram
Warrant (1975 film)	director	Pramod Chakravorty
Apna Desh	director	Jambu
Kal Aaj Aur Kal	director	Randhir Kapoor
7 Grandmasters	director	Joseph Kuo
Born Invincible	director	Joseph Kuo Nam Hung
Aankhon Aankhon Mein	director	J. Om Prakash
Apradh	director	Feroz Khan
Uphaar	director	Sudhendhu Roy
Roop Tera Mastana	director	Khalid Akhtar
Ek Bechara	director	S. M. Abbas
Janwar Aur Insaan	director	Tapi Chanakya
Mom Ki Gudiya	director	Mohan Kumar
Uljhan	director	Raghunath Jhalani
Mehbooba	director	Shakti Samanta
Sabse Bada Rupaiya (1976 film)	director	S. Ramanathan
Fakira (film)	director	C.P. Dixit
Salaakhen	director	A. Salaam
Kala Sona	director	Ravikant Nagaich
Vicky Cristina Barcelona	director	Woody Allen
The Five Senses	director	Jeremy Podeswa
The Job (The Office)	director	Ken Kwapis
I Can't Go Home	director	Joana Hadjithomas
I Can't Go Home	director	Khalil Joreige
Paduvaaralli Pandavaru	director	Puttanna Kanagal
A Man of No Importance (film)	director	Suri Krishnamma
The Valet	director	Francis Veber
Circle of Power	director	Bobby Roth
House Training	director	Paul McCrane
Toki o Kakeru Shōjo  The Girl Who Leapt Through Time   1	director	Masayuki Ochiai
Toki o Kakeru Shōjo    1	director	Haruki Kadokawa
Fiddlers Three (1948 film)	director	Jules White
Goddess Remembered	director	Donna Read
The Final Option (1994 film)	director	Gordon Chan
My Big Break	director	Tony Zierra
The Dying Rooms (1995 film)	director	Kate Blewett
The Dying Rooms (1995 film)	director	Brian Woods
Anthuleni Katha	director	K. Balachander
Moondru Mudichu	director	K. Balachander
Avargal	director	K. Balachander
Bhuvana Oru Kelvi Kuri	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Aadu Puli Attam (2006 film)	director	Sanjay Ram
Aame Katha	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Shankar Salim Simon	director	P. Madhavan
Maathu Tappada Maga	director	Peketi Sivaram
Bairavi	director	M. Bhaskar
Mangudi Minor	director	V.C.Gunanathan
Sadhurangam	director	Karu Pazhaniappan
Vanakkatukuriya Kathaliye	director	A. C. Tirulokchandar
Vayasu Pilichindi	director	C. V. Sridhar
Ilamai Oonjal Aadukirathu	director	C. V. Sridhar
Iraivan Kodutha Varam	director	A.Bhimsingh
Mullum Malarum	director	J. Mahendran
Thappida Thala	director	K. Balachander
Aval Appadithan	director	C. Rudhraiya
Thappu Thalangal	director	K. Balachander
Justice Gopinath	director	Dasari Yoganand
Allauddinum Albhutha Vilakkum	director	I. V. Sasi
Andamaina Anubhavam	director	K. Balachander
Ninaithale Inikkum (1979 film)	director	K. Balachander
Allaudinaum Arputha Vilakkum	director	I. V. Sasi
Naan Vazhavaippen	director	Dasari Yoganand
Amma Evarikkaina Amma	director	R. Thyagarajan
Ram Robert Rahim	director	Vijaya Nirmala
Naan Potta Savaal	director	Puratchchi Dasan
Garjanai	director	C. V. Rajendran
Netri Kann	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Ranuva Veeran	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Pokkiri Raja (1982 film)	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Puthukavithai	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Thai Veedu	director	B. Thyagarajan
Naan Mahaan Alla (1984 film)	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Kai Kodukkum Kai	director	J. Mahendran
Priya (film)	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Johnny (1980 film)	director	J. Mahendran
Polladhavan (1980 film)	director	V. Srinivasan
Ranga (film)	director	R. Thyagarajan
Kaali (film)	director	I. V. Sasi
Thee (film)	director	R. Krishnamurthy
Bruce Gentry	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Bruce Gentry	director	Thomas Carr (director)
Nightmare Detective	director	Shinya Tsukamoto
Escape by Night (1960 film)	director	Roberto Rossellini
My Best Friend (film)	director	Patrice Leconte
National Museum of American Illustration	director	Laurence S. Cutler
National Museum of American Illustration	director	Judy Goffman Cutler
18 Bronzemen	director	Joseph Kuo
The Bilingual Lover	director	Vicente Aranda
Jump Tomorrow	director	Joel Hopkins
Why We Fight (Jericho episode)	director	Sanford Bookstaver
My Friends (film)	director	Mario Monicelli
Di che segno sei?	director	Sergio Corbucci
Heroes Two	director	Chang Cheh
All My Friends Part 2	director	Mario Monicelli
Jewish Museum of Turkey	director	Nisya İşman Allovi
Home from the Hill (film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Sex Drive (film)	director	Sean Anders
Il signor Max	director	Mario Camerini
Numb (film)	director	Harris Goldberg
The Emperor of Capri	director	Luigi Comencini
See You Down There	director	Leo Eaton
The Victors (film)	director	Carl Foreman
Salute (film)	director	John Ford
Greatest Hits (Lost)	director	Stephen Williams (director)
The Forward Pass	director	Edward F. Cline
Vigil in the Night	director	George Stevens
Gamperaliya (film)	director	Lester James Peries
Drink-Drank-Drunk	director	Derek Yee
Nartanasala	director	Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao
The Mother and the Whore	director	Jean Eustache
90 Miles	director	Juan Carlos Zaldívar
Lava Kusha	director	C. Pullaiah
Lava Kusha	director	C. S. Rao
The Italian (2005 film)	director	Andrei Kravchuk
Dolores Claiborne (film)	director	Taylor Hackford
Scandal in the Family	director	Mario Camerini
Trancers II	director	Charles Band
Monsters vs. Aliens	director	Conrad Vernon
Monsters vs. Aliens	director	Rob Letterman
Sati Sulochana	director	Yaragudipati Varada Rao
The Victim (film)	director	Sammo Hung
Congorama	director	Philippe Falardeau
Himala	director	Ishmael Bernal
60 Second Assassin (film)	director	Chung Wang
60 Second Assassin (film)	director	Wan Li Pang
Patala Bhairavi	director	Kadri Venkata Reddy
Zero Tolerance (1995 film)	director	Joseph Merhi
Crow's Feet (CSI)	director	Richard J. Lewis
Perfect Body	director	Douglas Barr
Sinasamba Kita	director	Vietnam Rose
Kaliyugaya (film)	director	Lester James Peries
Suspicious River	director	Lynne Stopkewich
Lady Whirlwind	director	Huang Feng
Dance of the Drunk Mantis	director	Yuen Woo-ping
Terror in the Aisles	director	Andrew J. Kuehn
5 Superfighters	director	John Law (film director)
Once an Eagle (TV miniseries)	director	E.W. Swackhamer
Surveillance (film)	director	Jennifer Lynch
Confessions of a Thug (film)	director	Daron Fordham
Rites of Passage (film)	director	Victor Salva
Changeling (film)	director	Clint Eastwood
Brideshead Revisited (film)	director	Julian Jarrold
Hi-Tops (film)	director	Debby Kerner & Ernie Rettino
Hi-Tops (film)	director	Debby Kerner & Ernie Rettino
Shaky Ground	director	Max Tash
Shaky Ground	director	Art Wolff
Shaky Ground	director	Scott Baio
Shaky Ground	director	Shelley Jensen
Living in a Big Way	director	Gregory La Cava
Ek Mutho Chabi	director	Arghyakamal Mitra
Ek Mutho Chabi	director	Partha Sen
Ek Mutho Chabi	director	Indranil Roychowdhury
Ek Mutho Chabi	director	Prabhat Ro
Ek Mutho Chabi	director	Anjan Dutta
Ek Mutho Chabi	director	Kaushik Ganguly
Swan Lake (1981 film)	director	Kimio Yabuki
The Promise (2007 film)	director	Mike Tuviera
The Real Shlemiel	director	Albert Hanan Kaminski
My Bus Stop (2007 film)	director	George L. Heredia
Who Shot Sherlock?	director	Kenneth Fink
Snakes (CSI)	director	Richard J. Lewis
Crime Time	director	Nassos Vakalis
Pirates of the Third Reich	director	Richard J. Lewis
Here Come the Munsters	director	Robert Ginty
The Adventures of Captain Zoom in Outer Space	director	Max Tash
Yuganthaya (film)	director	Lester James Peries
The Man in the Wall	director	Tawnia McKiernan
Beach Games	director	Harold Ramis
Women's Appreciation	director	Tucker Gates
Ending Happy	director	Kenneth Fink
Everybody's All-American (film)	director	Taylor Hackford
Great Expectations (1934 film)	director	Stuart Walker (filmmaker)
Great Expectations (1974 film)	director	Joseph Hardy
You Are the One (film)	director	Cathy Garcia Molina
Night of the Twisters	director	Timothy Bond
Bastards (film)	director	Aleksandr Atanesyan
Fauteuils d'orchestre	director	Danièle Thompson
Mr. Wonderful (film)	director	Anthony Minghella
Alluri Seetharama Raju (1974 film)	director	V. Ramachandra Rao
Lease Wife	director	Lu Xuechang
Punk: Attitude	director	Don Letts
A Day in the Death of Donny B	director	Carl Fick
Pandava Vanavasam	director	Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao
Steptoe and Son Ride Again	director	Peter Sykes
Iron Monkey (1977 film)	director	Kuan Tai Chen
Har Pal	director	Jahnu Barua
M.L.A. (film)	director	K. B. Tilak
Walk Like a Man (The Sopranos)	director	Terence Winter
Kennedy and Heidi	director	Alan Taylor (director)
The Second Coming (The Sopranos)	director	Tim Van Patten
The Blue Comet	director	Alan Taylor (director)
Story of a Love Affair	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Just Before Dawn (1981 film)	director	Jeff Lieberman
Just Before Dawn (1946 film)	director	William Castle
High Crime	director	Enzo G. Castellari
Cherry Red (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
King Solomon's Mines (1985 film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
An Evening with the Dixie Chicks	director	Joel Gallen
Legion (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
Legion (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Steve Shill
Innale	director	Padmarajan
Fanny Foley Herself	director	Melville W. Brown
Aar Ya Paar	director	Ketan Mehta
Nervous Night	director	John Jopson
Among the Living (film)	director	Stuart Heisler
Panama Lady	director	Jack Hively
Anurodh	director	Shakti Samanta
Yehi Hai Zindagi	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Dildaar	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
Geet Gaya Patharon Ne	director	V. Shantaram
Ladies in Retirement	director	Charles Vidor
Twelve Crowded Hours	director	Lew Landers
Blind Mountain	director	Li Yang (director)
Brother's Keeper (Miami Vice)	director	Thomas Carter (film director)
Kitty Foyle (film)	director	Sam Wood
Mano Po III: My Love	director	Joel Lamangan
Ice Cream, I Scream	director	Yüksel Aksu
St Trinian's (film)	director	Oliver Parker
The Secret of Treasure Island	director	Elmer Clifton
The Devil and Daniel Webster (film)	director	William Dieterle
Real Gone Cat	director	Robert Sucato
Last Orders (film)	director	Fred Schepisi
Laborer's Love	director	Zhang Shichuan
Son of Sinbad	director	Ted Tetzlaff
Les amitiés particulières (film)	director	Jean Delannoy
Louisiana Purchase (film)	director	Irving Cummings
Déficit	director	Gael García Bernal
Super Sucker	director	Jeff Daniels
The Mercenary (film)	director	Sergio Corbucci
Slap Bet	director	Pamela Fryman
UFOs: Seeing Is Believing	director	Mark Obenhaus
Dead Tone	director	Deon Taylor
Dead Tone	director	Brian Hooks
Chhailla Babu	director	Joy Mukherjee
Balika Badhu	director	Tarun Majumdar
Ekaveera    1	director	C. S. Rao
Kabeela	director	Bholu Khosla
Swami (1977 film)	director	Basu Chatterjee
The Oates' Valor	director	Tim Thaddeus Cahill
Beauty and the Breast	director	Raymond Yip
Aap Beati	director	Mohan Kumar
Chandi Sona	director	Sanjay Khan
Hatyara	director	Surendra Mohan
Aadmi Sadak Ka	director	Devendra Goel
Ab Kya Hoga	director	Sawan Kumar
Kasam Khoon Ki	director	Ashok Roy
Karm	director	Baldev Raj Chopra
Ginny Aur Johnny	director	Mehmood Ali
Doosra Aadmi	director	Ramesh Talwar
Anything Goes (1936 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Noorie	director	Manmohan Krishna
Mashaal	director	Yash Chopra
Able Edwards	director	Graham Robertson
Faasle	director	Yash Chopra
The Masks of Death	director	Roy Ward Baker
Jibon Theke Neya	director	Zahir Raihan
Most (film)	director	Bobby Garabedian
The Immaculate Collection (video)	director	David Fincher
The Immaculate Collection (video)	director	James Foley
The Immaculate Collection (video)	director	Mary Lambert
The Immaculate Collection (video)	director	Jean-Baptiste Mondino
The Immaculate Collection (video)	director	Herb Ritts
Kismet (1955 film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Will Ye No Come Back Again	director	Bill Bain (director)
First Spaceship on Venus	director	Kurt Maetzig
Wooden Crosses	director	Raymond Bernard
Treasure Mall	director	Rob Fielder
The Detached Mission	director	Mikhail Tumanishvili
Changi (TV series)	director	Kate Woods
Anarkali (1955 film)	director	Vedantam Raghavaiah
Chandrolsavam	director	Ranjith (director)
Bhakta Potana	director	Kadri Venkata Reddy
Expedition Linné	director	Mattias Klum
Expedition Linné	director	Folke Rydén
Nuovomondo	director	Emanuele Crialese
House of Traps	director	Chang Cheh
My Father the Hero (1994 film)	director	Steve Miner
Sword Stained with Royal Blood (1982 film)	director	Chang Cheh
The Young Doctors (film)	director	Phil Karlson
Cuore Sacro	director	Ferzan Özpetek
The Fortress (Joe 90)	director	Leo Eaton
Family (House)	director	David Straiton
Only Yesterday: The Carpenters Story	director	Samantha Peters
Ilzaam	director	Shibu Mitra
The Suspect	director	Robert Siodmak
Vengeance (1970 film)	director	Chang Cheh
By the Sword (film)	director	Jeremy Kagan
You're Nobody till Somebody Kills You	director	Michael A. Pinckney
Tex Granger	director	Derwin Abrahams
Hero Wanted	director	Brian Smrz
Blood Brothers (1973 film)	director	Chang Cheh
Happy Go Lovely	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Big Leaguer	director	Robert Aldrich
Carnival in Costa Rica	director	Gregory Ratoff
Boxer from Shantung	director	Chang Cheh
Vengeful Beauty	director	Meng Hua Ho
Broken Oath	director	Jeong Chang-hwa
Fatal Needles vs. Fatal Fists	director	Lee Tso Nam
36 Deadly Styles	director	Joseph Kuo
Subha Sankalpam	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Unbeaten 28	director	Joseph Kuo
The Silver Chalice (film)	director	Victor Saville
Ninja in the Dragon's Den	director	Corey Yuen
Seeds of Destiny	director	David Miller (director)
Knoxville Museum of Art	director	David L. Butler
Dushman Duniya Ka	director	Mehmood Ali
Gudgudee	director	Basu Chatterjee
Achanak (1998 film)	director	Naresh Malhotra
Road to Nhill	director	Sue Brooks
Prince of Foxes (film)	director	Henry King (director)
Unknown World	director	Terry O. Morse
Earth vs. the Spider	director	Bert I. Gordon
The Poughkeepsie Tapes	director	John Erick Dowdle
States of Grace	director	Richard Dutcher
Acropolis Museum	director	Dimitrios Pandermalis
Angel (1982 film)	director	Neil Jordan
Goat Story	director	Jan Tománek
Sally, Irene and Mary	director	Edmund Goulding
Across to Singapore	director	William Nigh
Everybody Go Home	director	Luigi Comencini
Yamato Takeru (film)	director	Takao Okawara
The Easy Life	director	Dino Risi
If You Meet Sartana Pray for Your Death	director	Gianfranco Parolini
Impy's Island	director	Reinhard Klooss
Impy's Island	director	Holger Tappe
So, What's Your Price?	director	Olallo Rubio
The Statue (1971 film)	director	Rodney Amateau
Esmeralda (telenovela)	director	Beatriz Sheridan
Esmeralda (telenovela)	director	Martha Luna
Red Doors	director	Georgia Lee
Dirty Little Billy	director	Stan Dragoti
Quitting	director	Zhang Yang (director)
Weird Travels	director	Emre Sahin
Beyond Good and Evil (film)	director	Liliana Cavani
Hudd Kar Di	director	Sachin (actor)
Suicide Killers	director	Pierre Rehov
Flight of the Red Balloon (2008)	director	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
Saugandh	director	Raj Sippy
Hattrick (film)	director	Milan Luthria
Pilot (Bones)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Love Story 2050	director	Harry Baweja
The Man in the S.U.V.	director	Allan Kroeker
A Boy in a Tree	director	Patrick Norris
The Man, the Woman and the Money	director	Eduardo De Filippo
The Man, the Woman and the Money	director	Marco Ferreri
The Man, the Woman and the Money	director	Luciano Salce
Women of the Prehistoric Planet	director	Arthur C. Pierce
Catalina Caper	director	Lee Sholem
Icing on the Cake	director	Jeff Melman
Brighton Rock (1947 film)	director	Boulting brothers
Eva (1962 film)	director	Joseph Losey
Arabella (1967 film)	director	Mauro Bolognini
Antonia's Line	director	Marleen Gorris
La Donna del Giorno	director	Francesco Maselli
Eisenhower and Lutz	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
Eisenhower and Lutz	director	Allan Burns
Eisenhower and Lutz	director	Andy Cadiff
Eisenhower and Lutz	director	Bethany Rooney
Eisenhower and Lutz	director	Arlene Sanford
Eisenhower and Lutz	director	David Steinberg
The Willow Tree	director	Majid Majidi
Infinite Challenge	director	Kim Tae-ho (television director)
Héroes (Chilean miniseries)	director	Cristián Galaz
Héroes (Chilean miniseries)	director	Gustavo Graef-Marino
Héroes (Chilean miniseries)	director	Ricardo Larraín
Héroes (Chilean miniseries)	director	Rodrigo Sepúlveda
Father, Dear Father (film)	director	William G. Stewart
Live! (2007 film)	director	Bill Guttentag
4:30	director	Royston Tan
Balitang K	director	Bill Velasco
Taking Liberties (film)	director	Chris Atkins
The Man in the Bear	director	Allan Kroeker
A Tree Grows in Guadalajara	director	Lev L. Spiro
Your Neighbor's Son	director	Jørgen Flindt Pedersen
Your Neighbor's Son	director	Erik Stephensen
Cayo (film)	director	Vicente Juarbe
Getting Married Today	director	David Grossman (director)
She's the Sheriff	director	David Grossman (director)
She's the Sheriff	director	Alan Rafkin
She's the Sheriff	director	Howard Storm (director)
The Chain (1984 film)	director	Jack Gold
Ambitious Kung Fu Girl	director	Lu Chin Ku
SamHas7Friends	director	Douglas Cheney
SamHas7Friends	director	Chris Hampel
SamHas7Friends	director	Chris McCaleb
SamHas7Friends	director	Ryan Wise
Once Were Warriors (film)	director	Lee Tamahori
Black Widow (2005 film)	director	David Mortin
The Left Handed Gun	director	Arthur Penn
Just for Kicks (2005 film)	director	Thibaut de Longeville
Just for Kicks (2005 film)	director	Lisa Leone
What What (In the Butt)	director	Bobby Ciraldo
What What (In the Butt)	director	Andrew Swant
Resurrection (1927 film)	director	Edwin Carewe
Resurrection (1909 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
The Leather Boys	director	Sidney J. Furie
The Money Trap	director	Burt Kennedy
Le bambole	director	Mauro Bolognini
Le bambole	director	Luigi Comencini
Le bambole	director	Dino Risi
Le bambole	director	Franco Rossi
The Neighbor No. Thirteen	director	Yasuo Inoue
Zeppelin (film)	director	Étienne Périer (director)
Fat Guy Stuck in Internet	director	Ryan McFaul
The Swiss Conspiracy	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Puffball (film)	director	Nicolas Roeg
The Butterfly (2002 film)	director	Philippe Muyl
César and Rosalie	director	Claude Sautet
Awarapan	director	Mohit Suri
The Train (2007 film)	director	Hasnain Hyderabadwala
The Train (2007 film)	director	Raksha Mistry
Celebration Family	director	Robert Day (director)
Good News (films)	director	Charles Walters
Made in America (The Sopranos)	director	David Chase
Kapò	director	Gillo Pontecorvo
Scarred (1984 film)	director	Rose Marie Turko
The Big Lift	director	George Seaton
The Man from Planet X	director	Edgar G. Ulmer
Gigolos	director	John Downer
Question 7	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Tattoo (2002 film)	director	Robert Schwentke
Flowers in the Attic (film)	director	Jeffrey Bloom
The Nostril Picker	director	Patrick J. Mathews
Der Mann im Pyjama	director	Jack "Poonani" Juras
Der Mann im Pyjama	director	Hartmann Schmige
Lily in Love	director	Károly Makk
8 Mile (film)	director	Curtis Hanson
The Fascist	director	Luciano Salce
Hanste Zakhm	director	Chetan Anand (director)
Seed (1931 film)	director	John M. Stahl
Yatra (film)	director	Gautam Ghose
Way Back Home (1931 film)	director	William A. Seiter
Christmas at Maxwell's	director	William C. Laufer
How Tasty Was My Little Frenchman	director	Nelson Pereira dos Santos
God of War III	director	Stig Asmussen
Five Dolls for an August Moon	director	Mario Bava
Bratz Kidz: Sleep-Over Adventure	director	Sean McNamara (director)
Decaying Orbit (film)	director	Tim Pyle
Annie Get Your Gun (film)	director	George Sidney
Annie Get Your Gun (film)	director	Busby Berkeley
Annie Get Your Gun (film)	director	Charles Walters
Pazhassi Raja (2009 film)	director	Hariharan (director)
Bachelor Party 2: The Last Temptation	director	James Ryan (director)
Magma: Volcanic Disaster	director	Ian Gilmour, Baron Gilmour of Craigmillar
Austin Stevens: Snakemaster	director	Michael Davies
Zizek!	director	Astra Taylor
The Dark Side of the Moon (film)	director	D.J. Webster
The Pervert's Guide to Cinema	director	Sophie Fiennes
The Last Judgement (1961 film)	director	Vittorio De Sica
I mostri	director	Dino Risi
The Pizza Triangle	director	Ettore Scola
Il Boom	director	Vittorio De Sica
The Velocity of Gary	director	Dan Ireland
Iron Sky	director	Timo Vuorensola
Cold Heart	director	Dennis Dimster
Mi Amigo	director	Milton Brown
Moving August	director	Christopher Fink
Whisper (film)	director	Stewart Hendler
Open Doors (1990 film)	director	Gianni Amelio
Eagle's Claw	director	Lee Tso Nam
Whiteout (2009 film)	director	Dominic Sena
Dhool Ka Phool	director	Yash Chopra
Ittefaq (film)	director	Yash Chopra
Skywhales	director	Derek Hayes
Gumrah (1963 film)	director	Baldev Raj Chopra
Hamraaz	director	Baldev Raj Chopra
Aunt Clara (1954 film)	director	Anthony Kimmins
Dastaan (1972 film)	director	Baldev Raj Chopra
Shaadi Ka Laddoo	director	Raj Kaushal
The Four Days of Naples (film)	director	Nanni Loy
Kit Kittredge: An American Girl	director	Patricia Rozema
Taxi to the Dark Side	director	Alex Gibney
Kachche Dhaage	director	Milan Luthria
Kalicharan	director	Subhash Ghai
Do Thug	director	S. D. Narang
What Is and What Should Never Be (Supernatural)	director	Eric Kripke
A Stranger's Heart	director	Andy Wolk
Messiah of Evil	director	Willard Huyck
Messiah of Evil	director	Gloria Katz
The Bullion Boys	director	Christopher Morahan
Sadhna	director	Baldev Raj Chopra
The Wrath of Graham	director	Ernest Dickerson
Insaaf Ka Tarazu	director	Baldev Raj Chopra
Fear Itself (The 4400 episode)	director	Nick Copus
Nikaah	director	Baldev Raj Chopra
Aaj Ki Awaaz	director	Ravi Chopra
The Stolen Children	director	Gianni Amelio
The Gold of Naples	director	Vittorio De Sica
Mazdoor	director	Ravi Chopra
Vel (film)	director	Hari (director)
Ghost Train (2006 film)	director	Takeshi Furusawa
Andar Baahar	director	Raj N. Sippy
Boyhood (film)	director	Richard Linklater
Killed the Family and Went to the Movies (1969 film)	director	Júlio Bressane
Apnapan	director	J. Om Prakash
Gharaonda	director	Bhimsain Khurana
Killed the Family and Went to the Movie Theater (1991 film)	director	Neville de Almeida
Doctor Benny	director	Nolan Lebovitz
Jurassic Park (franchise)	director	Steven Spielberg
Jurassic Park (franchise)	director	Joe Johnston
Dhanwan (1993 film)	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
The Heroes of Desert Storm	director	Don Ohlmeyer
Before the Revolution	director	Bernardo Bertolucci
Girl with Green Eyes	director	Desmond Davis
The Videos (Brandy Norwood compilation)	director	Joseph Kahn
The Videos (Brandy Norwood compilation)	director	Hype Williams
The Videos (Brandy Norwood compilation)	director	Kevin Bray (director)
The Videos (Brandy Norwood compilation)	director	Matthew Rolston
The Videos (Brandy Norwood compilation)	director	Keith Ward
The Videos (Brandy Norwood compilation)	director	Paul Hunter
Sliver (film)	director	Phillip Noyce
Project 90	director	Peter Anderson (director)
Damaged Goods (1914 film)	director	Tom Ricketts
Damaged Goods (1914 film)	director	Richard Bennett (actor)
The Black Gestapo	director	Lee Frost
Saving Shiloh (film)	director	Sandy Tung
Even Money (film)	director	Mark Rydell
Capone (film)	director	Steve Carver
Dominick and Eugene	director	Robert M. Young (film director)
Ma-Mha	director	Pantham Thongsang
Ma-Mha	director	Somkiet Vituranich
Strawberry Shortcakes	director	Hitoshi Yazaki
Pazhani (film)	director	Perarasu
Strømer	director	Anders Refn
Ghost Train International	director	Bent Christensen (director)
Dancing in Water	director	Jovan Aćin
Firepower (film)	director	Michael Winner
Styrmand Karlsen	director	Annelise Reenberg
It Always Rains on Sunday	director	Robert Hamer
Præsten i Vejlby (1931 film)	director	George Schnéevoigt
Stjerneskud	director	Jon Iversen
Stjerneskud	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Sons and Lovers (1960 film)	director	Jack Cardiff
Du skal ære din hustru	director	Carl Theodor Dreyer
South Pacific (film)	director	Joshua Logan
The Poppy Is Also a Flower	director	Terence Young (director)
Johnny Stecchino	director	Roberto Benigni
Diabolically Yours	director	Julien Duvivier
Love and Suicide	director	Lisa France
Sunny (1941 film)	director	Herbert Wilcox
First Sunday	director	David E. Talbert
Surrender Dorothy (film)	director	Kevin DiNovis
The Good, the Bad, and the Dominatrix	director	Alec Smight
The George Carlin Show	director	Jeff Melman
The George Carlin Show	director	Rob Schiller
The George Carlin Show	director	Sam Simon
A Girl in Black	director	Michael Cacoyannis
Sex & Fury	director	Noribumi Suzuki
Growing Up in the Universe	director	Stuart McDonald (director)
The Professor's Beloved Equation (film)	director	Takashi Koizumi
Lone-Handed 90	director	Ken Turner (director)
The Lovemakers (film)	director	Mauro Bolognini
Ek Doctor Ki Maut	director	Tapan Sinha
The Chapman Report	director	George Cukor
Loren Cass	director	Chris Fuller
Gayab	director	Prawaal Raman
Joke Over	director	Bill Bain (director)
Noblesse Oblige (Upstairs, Downstairs)	director	Cyril Coke
The Treasure of the Sierra Madre (film)	director	John Huston
Ålder okänd	director	Richard Hobert
Tarzan's Three Challenges	director	Robert Day (director)
The Man Who Could Cheat Death	director	Terence Fisher
Along the Great Divide	director	Raoul Walsh
ShowBusiness: The Road to Broadway	director	Dori Berinstein
The Birthday (Joe 90)	director	Leo Eaton
Tess of the Storm Country (1922 film)	director	John S. Robertson
Resignation (House)	director	Martha Mitchell (director)
The Magnetic Monster	director	Curt Siodmak
The Magnetic Monster	director	Herbert L. Strock
Ek Ruka Hua Faisla	director	Basu Chatterjee
The Bubble (1966 film)	director	Arch Oboler
The Robot vs. The Aztec Mummy	director	Rafael Portillo
Frankenstein 1970	director	Howard W. Koch
Darpan Chaya	director	Dipendra K. Khanal
Noise (2007 Australian film)	director	Matthew Saville
Please Give Me a Job!	director	Lee Su May
De Sade (film)	director	Cy Endfield
The 601st Phone Call	director	Zhang Guoli
Operazione San Gennaro	director	Dino Risi
Don Olsen kommer til byen	director	Anker Sørensen
Blændværk	director	Johan Jacobsen
Nutcracker Fantasy	director	Takeo Nakamura
Touching the Void (film)	director	Kevin Macdonald (director)
A Genius, Two Partners and a Dupe	director	Damiano Damiani
A Genius, Two Partners and a Dupe	director	Sergio Leone
Piccolo mondo antico	director	Mario Soldati
Waris Shah: Ishq Daa Waaris	director	Manoj Punj
Vanina Vanini (film)	director	Roberto Rossellini
Room 666	director	Wim Wenders
Viva Las Vegas (CSI)	director	Danny Cannon
Hiro (film)	director	Matthew Swanson
The Holcroft Covenant (film)	director	John Frankenheimer
The Love Machine (film)	director	Jack Haley, Jr.
The Boy Who Cried Bitch	director	Juan J. Campanella
Jigar	director	Farogue Siddique
The Jerk (House)	director	Daniel Sackheim
Brave Warrior	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Deedar (1951 film)	director	Nitin Bose
La stanza del vescovo (film)	director	Dino Risi
All the King's Men (1999 film)	director	Julian Jarrold
Elgar (film)	director	Ken Russell
Action in the North Atlantic	director	Lloyd Bacon
Action in the North Atlantic	director	Byron Haskin
Action in the North Atlantic	director	Raoul Walsh
Qila (film)	director	Umesh Mehra
MIA/NYC NonStop	director	Danny Cannon
Method Man (film)	director	Jimmy Shaw
The Sleeping Car Murders	director	Costa-Gavras
The Woman in Green	director	Roy William Neill
Prehistoric Women	director	Gregg C. Tallas
Malice in Wonderland (1985 film)	director	Gus Trikonis
Citizen: I'm Not Losing My Mind, I'm Giving It Away	director	William Farley
Two Lost Worlds	director	Norman Dawn
The Minor Accomplishments of Jackie Woodman	director	Mary Kay Place
Loha (1997 film)	director	Kanti Shah
Man to Man (film)	director	Régis Wargnier
Kitaab	director	Gulzar
Phaansi	director	Harmesh Malhotra
Sylvia (1965 film)	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Black Mask 2: City of Masks	director	Tsui Hark
Vanishing Point (1997 film)	director	Charles Robert Carner
Nammavar	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Sathi Leelavathi	director	Balu Mahendra
Singaravelan (film)	director	R. V. Udayakumar
My Dear Marthandan	director	Prathap K. Pothan
Guna (film)	director	Santhana Bharathi
Blackboards	director	Samira Makhmalbaf
Indrudu Chandrudu	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
Chanakyan (film)	director	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
Apoorva Sagodharargal	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
The Seven Minutes (film)	director	Russ Meyer
Unnal Mudiyum Thambi	director	K. Balachander
Sathya (1988 film)	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
Vetri Vizha	director	Prathap K. Pothan
Ram Lakshman	director	R.Thyagarajan
Aadu Puli Attam (1977 film)	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Oka Radha Iddaru Krishnulu	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
Sankarlal	director	T.N.Balu
Meendum Kokila	director	G Rangarajan
Aakali Rajyam	director	K. Balachander
Yerra Gulabi	director	Bharathi Rajaa
Varumayin Niram Sivappu	director	K. Balachander
Aadhya Paadham	director	I. V. Sasi
Satyavan Savithri	director	P. G. Viswambharan
Viratham	director	I. V. Sasi
Blessed (2004 film)	director	Simon Fellows
Yaetta	director	I. V. Sasi
Anumodhanam	director	I. V. Sasi
Ormakal Marikkumo	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Madhura Sopnam	director	M. Krishnan Nair
The Valiant (1962 film)	director	Roy Ward Baker
Ponni (film)	director	Thoppil Bhasi
Raasaleela	director	N. Sankaran Nair
Thiruvonam (film)	director	Sreekumaran Thampi
Mattoru Seetha	director	P. Bhaskaran
Gnan Ninne Premikkunnu	director	K. S. Gopalakrishnan
Kanyakumari (film)	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Kannum Karalum	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Appooppan	director	P. Bhaskaran
Sommokadidhi Sokkadidhi	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
Dutch Girls	director	Giles Foster
Geraftaar	director	Prayag Raj
Karishma	director	I. V. Sasi
Raj Tilak	director	Rajkumar Kohli
Zara Si Zindagi	director	K. Balachander
Sanam Teri Kasam	director	Narendra Bedi
Kokila (film)	director	Balu Mahendra
Kabita	director	Bharat Shamsher
Aaina (1974 film)	director	K. Balachander
Kadamai Kanniyam Kattupaadu	director	Santhana Bharathi
Per Sollum Pillai	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Punnagai Mannan	director	K. Balachander
Naanum Oru Thozhilali	director	Sridhar
Anandha Jodhi	director	V. N. Reddy
Japanil Kalyanaraman	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Uyarndha Ullam	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Kaakki Sattai	director	Rajasekar (director)
Sollathaan Ninaikkiren	director	K. Balachander
Poikkal Kudhirai	director	K. Balachander
Naan Avanillai (1974 film)	director	K. Balachander
Thoongadhey Thambi Thoongadhey	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Anbu Thangai	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Sattam	director	K.vijayan
Melnaattu Marumagal	director	A. P. Nagarajan
Tik Tik Tik	director	P. Bharathiraja
Manmadha Leelai	director	K. Balachander
Idhaya Malar	director	Gemini Ganesan
Mogam Muppadhu Varusham	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Amara Prema	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
Nizhal Nijamagiradhu	director	K. Balachander
Maro Charithra	director	K. Balachander
Sagalakala Vallavan	director	S. P. Muthuraman
They Met in Bombay	director	Clarence Brown
War Game (film)	director	Dave Unwin
Human Error (House)	director	Katie Jacobs
The Little Kidnappers (1953 film)	director	Philip Leacock
Be All My Sins Remember'd	director	Andy Mikita
Badalte Rishtey	director	Raghunath Jhalani
Baton Baton Mein	director	Basu Chatterjee
Jurmana	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Prem Bandhan	director	Ramanand Sagar
Swarg Narak	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
For Those About to Rock (film)	director	Wayne Isham
I Really Hate My Job	director	Oliver Parker
Me ... Myself	director	Pongpat Wachirabunjong
Living Doll (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
Tomorrow's Pioneers	director	Fathi Hamad
Black Fury (1935 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Bombshell (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Darnell Martin
Crossed Swords (film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Mystics in Bali	director	H. Tjut Djalil
Fly Me to the Moon (film)	director	Ben Stassen
Germany, Pale Mother	director	Helma Sanders-Brahms
Zoo in Budapest	director	Rowland V. Lee
American Chai	director	Anurag Mehta
Night Tide	director	Curtis Harrington
Games (film)	director	Curtis Harrington
The Feature	director	Michel Auder
The Feature	director	Andrew Neel
Way Out Games	director	Richard S. Kline
The Sea of Grass (film)	director	Elia Kazan
Without Love	director	Harold S. Bucquet
Ultimate X: The Movie	director	Bruce Hendricks
Mobutu, King of Zaire	director	Thierry Michel
Congo River, Beyond Darkness	director	Thierry Michel
Up the Chastity Belt	director	Bob Kellett
The Vanished (film)	director	Nathan Ross
The Big High	director	Jack Webb
Timecop 2: The Berlin Decision	director	Steve Boyum
Dil Ke Jharoke Main	director	Ashim Bhattacharya
City Streets (film)	director	Rouben Mamoulian
Kitne Door Kitne Paas	director	Mehul Kumar
My Name Is Anthony Gonsalves (film)	director	E. Niwas
Summer Time Machine Blues	director	Katsuyuki Motohiro
Go, Go, Second Time Virgin	director	Kōji Wakamatsu
The Connection (1961 film)	director	Shirley Clarke
Devil Dog: The Hound of Hell	director	Curtis Harrington
King for a Day (Joe 90)	director	Leo Eaton
Abbot of Shaolin	director	Meng Hoa Ho
Theater of Life	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Theater of Life	director	Sadao Nakajima
Theater of Life	director	Junya Sato
Hokuriku Proxy War	director	Kinji Fukasaku
The Plan (Six Feet Under)	director	Rose Troche
Song at Midnight	director	Ma-Xu Weibang
News Knight with Sir Trevor McDonald	director	Lissa Evans
Tum – A Dangerous Obsession	director	Aruna Raje
Pardesi Babu	director	Manoj Agrawal
After This Our Exile	director	Patrick Tam (film director)
The Etruscan Mask	director	Ted Nicolaou
The California Kid	director	Richard T. Heffron
Why Not Me? (film)	director	Stéphane Giusti
Lord Snow	director	Brian Kirk
Mumbai Meri Jaan	director	Nishikant Kamat
Jeg har elsket og levet	director	George Schnéevoigt
My Favorite Season	director	André Téchiné
Odds 777	director	George Schnéevoigt
Hotel Paradis	director	George Schnéevoigt
Who Is Running?	director	Pang brothers
A Woman's Decision	director	Krzysztof Zanussi
Al's Lads	director	Richard Standeven
Dhan Dhana Dhan Goal	director	Vivek Agnihotri
A Christmas Tale	director	Arnaud Desplechin
Detroit 9000	director	Arthur Marks
A Bedtime Story	director	Norman Taurog
The Limo (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Day Night Day Night	director	Julia Loktev
Back to You	director	James Burrows
Zero: Tsukihami no Kamen	director	Goichi Suda
Skal vi vædde en million?	director	George Schnéevoigt
De blaa drenge	director	George Schnéevoigt
A cavallo della tigre (1961 film)	director	Luigi Comencini
Abuja Connection	director	Michael Ezeanyaeche
The Deep Six	director	Rudolph Maté
All the King's Horses (Upstairs, Downstairs)	director	Simon Langton (television director)
The Wedding (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Drumroll, Please	director	Pamela Fryman
Life Among the Gorillas	director	Pamela Fryman
The Natural (film)	director	Barry Levinson
Dreamz	director	Shajoon Kariyal
Fiddlers Three (1944 film)	director	Harry Watt (director)
Nothing Good Happens After 2 A.M.	director	Pamela Fryman
Fantaghirò 2	director	Lamberto Bava
Fantaghirò 3	director	Lamberto Bava
Fantaghirò 4	director	Lamberto Bava
Fantaghirò	director	Lamberto Bava
The Go-Getter (film)	director	Martin Hynes
Jackson: My Life... Your Fault	director	Duncan Roy
Aasha	director	J. Om Prakash
Kudrat	director	Chetan Anand (director)
Tarana (1979 film)	director	Deepak Bahry
Man Pasand	director	Basu Chatterjee
Lootmaar	director	Dev Anand
The War on Democracy	director	John Pilger
Baba Kalyani (film)	director	Shaji Kailas
Step Up 2: The Streets	director	Jon Chu
The Zodiac Killer (film)	director	Tom Hanson (actor)
Viva Cordova	director	Peter Anderson (director)
Holiday Heart	director	Robert Townsend (actor)
Lost Continent (1951 film)	director	Sam Newfield
A Midsummer Night's Dream (1909 film)	director	Charles Kent (actor)
A Midsummer Night's Dream (1909 film)	director	J. Stuart Blackton
Where Were We? (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Make It Happen (film)	director	Darren Grant
Battle of the Worlds	director	Antonio Margheriti
Wisdom of the Pretzel	director	Ilan Heitner
The Four Skulls of Jonathan Drake	director	Edward L. Cahn
Requiem (1995 film)	director	Elizabeth Sung
Something Blue (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Saturday the 14th Strikes Back	director	Howard R. Cohen
Besharam	director	Deven Verma
Winning a Battle, Losing the War (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Tony Goldwyn
After... (film)	director	David Loren Cunningham
Mere Apne	director	Gulzar
No Man's Land (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Adam Davidson (director)
Shake Your Groove Thing (Grey's Anatomy)	director	John David Coles
If Tomorrow Never Comes (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Scott Brazil
Khatta Meetha (1978 film)	director	Basu Chatterjee
The Self-Destruct Button	director	Darnell Martin
Save Me (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Sarah Pia Anderson
Aap Ki Parchhaiyan	director	Mohan Kumar
Who's Zoomin' Who? (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Wendey Stanzler
Jaane Tu... Ya Jaane Na	director	Abbas Tyrewala
Next of Kin (1984 film)	director	Atom Egoyan
Dark Floors	director	Pete Riski
Thicker than Water (2000 film)	director	Jack Johnson (musician)
Thicker than Water (2000 film)	director	Chris Malloy
Charlie Says	director	Nicole Garcia
Raindrops Keep Falling On My Head (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Peter Horton
Enough Is Enough (No More Tears)	director	Peter Horton
All Hell Breaks Loose (Supernatural)	director	Robert Singer
All Hell Breaks Loose (Supernatural)	director	Kim Manners
Kamandag	director	Mark A. Reyes
Kamandag	director	Topel Lee
Sweethearts (film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Freak Out (2004 film)	director	Christian James
Stitches (film)	director	Rod Holcomb
Stitches (film)	director	Alan Smithee
Alvin and the Chipmunks (film)	director	Tim Hill
The Two of Us (film)	director	Claude Berri
Nøddebo Præstegård	director	George Schnéevoigt
The Scorpion and the Toad	director	Rob Greenberg
Lucid (film)	director	Sean Garrity (director)
Famine-33	director	Oles Yanchuk
Netherbeast Incorporated	director	Dean Ronalds
Brunch (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Ted Mosby: Architect	director	Pamela Fryman
Single Stamina	director	Pamela Fryman
Columns (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Rob Greenberg
Monday Night Football (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Rob Greenberg
Lucky Penny	director	Pamela Fryman
Homegrown (film)	director	Stephen Gyllenhaal
Ghunghat (1960 film)	director	Ramanand Sagar
Video Collection (1984–1992)	director	Jim Van Bebber
The Snows of Kilimanjaro (1952 film)	director	Henry King (director)
Professor (film)	director	Lekh Tandon
A Matter of Hair	director	Ana Torres-Alvarez
Prince (1969 film)	director	Lekh Tandon
Game in the Sand	director	Werner Herzog
Morons from Outer Space	director	Mike Hodges
Jeene Ki Raah	director	L. V. Prasad
Insaniyat (1994 film)	director	Tony Juneja
Mujhe Jeene Do	director	Moni Bhattacharjee
Kala Bazar	director	Vijay Anand
Peppermint Frappé	director	Carlos Saura
Ek Phool Char Kaante	director	Bhappi Sonie
Kalapani (film)	director	Raj Khosla
On the Edge of Innocence	director	Peter Werner
My Man Godfrey (1957 film)	director	Henry Koster
Redacted (film)	director	Brian De Palma
Benji (film)	director	Joe Camp
Between Hitler and Stalin (film)	director	Slavko Nowytski
The Diary of Sacco and Vanzetti	director	David Rothauser
Kick (TV series)	director	Esben Storm
Pyaar Ishq Aur Mohabbat	director	Rajiv Rai
Dr. Kotnis Ki Amar Kahani	director	V. Shantaram
You, Me & Marley	director	Richard Spence
Tokyo Friends: The Movie	director	Kozo Nagayama
Rathri Mazha	director	Lenin Rajendran
The Ultimate Warrior (1975 film)	director	Robert Clouse
Last Resort (2000 film)	director	Paweł Pawlikowski
The Three Robbers	director	Hayo Freitag
Blank Generation (1980 film)	director	Ulli Lommel
Flower Drum Song (film)	director	Henry Koster
The Ogre (film)	director	Michael Nyman
Broadway (1929 film)	director	Paul Fejos
Laughter (film)	director	Harry d'Abbadie d'Arrast
Only Human (2004 film)	director	Dominic Harari
Only Human (2004 film)	director	Teresa Pelegri
Transnational Amusements Presents: Peggy's Magic Sex Feet	director	Cyndi Tang
Dame sobh	director	Hamid Rahmanian
Local Color (film)	director	George Gallo
The Medic (1979 film)	director	Pierre Granier-Deferre
Late One Night	director	Dave Christiano
À propos de Nice	director	Jean Vigo
Razia Sultan (film)	director	Kamal Amrohi
Righteous Kill	director	Jon Avnet
Sex Club (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Alex Chapple
Hellphone	director	James Huth
Azur & Asmar: The Princes' Quest	director	Michel Ocelot
Being Caribou	director	Leanne Allison
Being Caribou	director	Diana Wilson
Make Me Lose Control (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Adam Davidson (director)
Deny, Deny, Deny	director	Wendey Stanzler
Bring the Pain (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Mark Tinker
Crossroads to Crime	director	Gerry Anderson
How High Is Up?	director	Del Lord
Szamanka	director	Andrzej Żuławski
Heidi (2005 animated film)	director	Albert Hanan Kaminski
Heidi (2005 animated film)	director	Alan Simpson (animator)
Year of the Fish	director	David Kaplan (filmmaker)
Wittgenstein (film)	director	Derek Jarman
Hear and Now	director	Irene Taylor Brodsky
A Boy in a Bush	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
Amul STAR Voice of India	director	Gajendra Singh
Invader Zim	director	Steve Ressel
Allegro s ognyom	director	Vladimir Strelkov
The Woman in the Car	director	Dwight H. Little
Gone (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Christopher Swartout
El Búfalo de la Noche (film)	director	Jorge Hernandez Aldana
Duhulu Malak	director	Vijaya Dharmasri
Chandamama (film)	director	Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi
The Man Who Invented the Moon	director	John Cabrera
Koper (film)	director	Richard Oh
17 Seconds	director	Daniel Minahan
Savage Grace	director	Tom Kalin
Ringers: Lord of the Fans	director	Carlene Cordova
A Stranger of Mine	director	Kenji Uchida (film director)
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus	director	Terry Gilliam
Creating Rem Lezar	director	Scott Zakarin
Shredderman Rules	director	Savage Steve Holland
The Tunnel of Love	director	Gene Kelly
Skaterdater	director	Noel Black
Madrasi (film)	director	Arjun Sarja
Marudhamalai (film)	director	Suraj (director)
Giri (film)	director	Sundar C.
Bommalattam	director	P. Bharathiraja
Viva Laughlin	director	Matt Earl Beesley
Viva Laughlin	director	Brian Dannelly
Viva Laughlin	director	Tamra Davis
Viva Laughlin	director	John Fortenberry
Viva Laughlin	director	Leslie Libman
Viva Laughlin	director	John Showalter (director)
The Takeover (film)	director	Troy Cook (director)
The Miracle Worker (1962 film)	director	Arthur Penn
Welcome to Nollywood	director	Jamie Meltzer
The Bells Go Down	director	Basil Dearden
The Net 2.0	director	Charles Winkler
Eye of the Dolphin	director	Michael D. Sellers
Daemon (film)	director	Colin Finbow
The Light in the Piazza (film)	director	Guy Green (filmmaker)
Days of Waiting: The Life & Art of Estelle Ishigo	director	Steven Okazaki
Once Upon a Time (1976 film)	director	Roberto Gavioli
Once Upon a Time (1976 film)	director	Rolf Kauka
A Journey Through Fairyland	director	Masami Hata
Seasons Change (film)	director	Nithiwat Tharathorn
The Back of Beyond	director	John Heyer
Avishkaar	director	Basu Bhattacharya
Arjun Pandit	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Meri Jung	director	Subhash Ghai
Our Man in Marrakesh	director	Don Sharp
Dil Ek Mandir	director	C. V. Sridhar
Aansoo Ban Gaye Phool	director	Satyen Bose (director)
Lahu Ke Do Rang (1979 film)	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Utsav	director	Girish Karnad
The Sweet Hereafter (film)	director	Atom Egoyan
Harry Black (film)	director	Hugo Fregonese
The Eagle Has Landed (film)	director	John Sturges
Word Wars	director	Eric Chaikin
Word Wars	director	Julian Petrillo
How I Unleashed World War II	director	Tadeusz Chmielewski
Tsuki ni Shizumu	director	Isao Yukisada
Hero (1983 film)	director	Subhash Ghai
Heart of the Beholder	director	Ken Tipton
Jaal (1952 film)	director	Guru Dutt
Baaz	director	Guru Dutt
In Search of Guru Dutt	director	Nasreen Munni Kabir
Persepolis (film)	director	Marjane Satrapi
Persepolis (film)	director	Vincent Paronnaud
Pontormo – un amore eretico	director	Giovanni Fago
The Feral Generation	director	Andrew Jones (filmmaker)
Sherlock Holmes and the Secret Weapon	director	Roy William Neill
Sherlock Holmes in Washington	director	Roy William Neill
Sherlock Holmes and the Voice of Terror	director	John Rawlins (director)
Pursuit to Algiers	director	Roy William Neill
Sherlock Holmes Faces Death	director	Roy William Neill
Disney Princess Enchanted Tales: Follow Your Dreams	director	David Block (animator)
Charas (film)	director	Ramanand Sagar
Zindagi (1964 film)	director	Ramanand Sagar
Zindagi (1976 film)	director	Ravi Tandon
Pran Jaye Par Vachan Na Jaye	director	S. Ali Raza
I Me Wed	director	Craig Pryce
My Girl (2005 TV series)	director	Jun Ki Sang
My Girl (2005 TV series)	director	Park Soo Chul
Alice's Restaurant (film)	director	Arthur Penn
Captives	director	Angela Pope
Gunslinger (1956 film)	director	Roger Corman
Brother Orchid	director	Lloyd Bacon
Paranoid Park (film)	director	Gus Van Sant
One Hundred Steps	director	Marco Tullio Giordana
This Woman Is Dangerous	director	Felix Feist
Footpath (1953 film)	director	Zia Sarhadi
Uran Khatola	director	S. U. Sunny
Paigham (1959 film)	director	S. S. Vasan
Pratima (1945 film)	director	Paidi Jairaj
Gopi (1970 film)	director	A. Bhimsingh
It Rains on Our Love	director	Ingmar Bergman
Music in Darkness	director	Ingmar Bergman
Anokha Milan	director	Jagganath Chatterjee
Kampf um Norwegen – Feldzug 1940	director	Martin Rikli
Kampf um Norwegen – Feldzug 1940	director	Werner Buhre
Arzoo (1950 film)	director	Shaheed Latif
Amar (1954 film)	director	Mehboob Khan
Tarana (1951 film)	director	Ram Daryani
The Mouse on the Moon	director	Richard Lester
Himitsu no Hanazono	director	Takashi Komatsu
Mademoiselle (1966 film)	director	Tony Richardson
Of Stars and Men	director	John Hubley
Thirst (1949 film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
To Joy (film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
This Can't Happen Here	director	Ingmar Bergman
Summer Interlude	director	Ingmar Bergman
Sawdust and Tinsel	director	Ingmar Bergman
Dreams (1955 film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
Archie's TV Funnies	director	Hal Sutherland
Brink of Life	director	Ingmar Bergman
The Devil's Eye	director	Ingmar Bergman
Rafter Romance	director	William A. Seiter
Zombie Chronicles	director	Brad Sykes
Daybreakers	director	Spierig brothers
The Tale of Locker 22	director	Scott Price
The Tale of Locker 22	director	Craig Pryce
The Tale of Locker 22	director	David Winning
Agatha Christie: A Life in Pictures	director	Richard Curson Smith
Private Valentine: Blonde & Dangerous	director	Steve Miner
Sailor Suit and Machine Gun	director	Shinji Sōmai
Boat (2007 film)	director	David Lynch
The Scent of Green Papaya	director	Tran Anh Hung
One Minute to Zero	director	Tay Garnett
Kids on Q	director	Armin Collado
Old Clothes	director	Edward F. Cline
Pretty Ladies	director	Monta Bell
Dotonbori River	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Fall Guy	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Night of the Hell Hamsters	director	Paul Campion (film director)
Spin the Choice	director	Allan Jacobsen
Insaniyat (1955 film)	director	S. S. Vasan
Tuesday (film)	director	Sacha Bennett
Ziddi (1948 film)	director	Shaheed Latif
Assume Nothing	director	Richard J. Lewis
The Last Sin Eater (film)	director	Michael Landon, Jr.
The List (2007 film)	director	Gary Wheeler (filmmaker)
L'Atlantide (1921 film)	director	Jacques Feyder
Loulou (film)	director	Maurice Pialat
The Brain (1969 film)	director	Gérard Oury
Three's a Crowd (Joe 90)	director	Peter Anderson (director)
The Adventures of Tintin: Secret of the Unicorn	director	Steven Spielberg
Private Parts (1972 film)	director	Paul Bartel
Three Sappy People	director	Jules White
The Battle of Love's Return	director	Lloyd Kaufman
The Unnamed Zone	director	Carlos Rodríguez (film director)
Bad Biology	director	Frank Henenlotter
Combat Shock	director	Buddy Giovinazzo
Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology	director	K. S. Dasgupta
Tramp, Tramp, Tramp	director	Frank Capra
All for Our Country	director	Richard J. Lewis
Love Songs (film)	director	Christophe Honoré
The Oscar (film)	director	Russell Rouse
A Crude Awakening: The Oil Crash	director	Basil Gelpke
A Crude Awakening: The Oil Crash	director	Ray McCormack
The Lady in Red (1979 film)	director	Lewis Teague
In Caliente	director	Lloyd Bacon
Finding Forrester	director	Gus Van Sant
Pleasure Factory	director	Ekachai Uekrongtham
Victoria the Great	director	Herbert Wilcox
Children of the Secret State	director	Carla Garapedian
Destiny (2006 film)	director	Zeki Demirkubuz
Ruffian (film)	director	Yves Simoneau
The Boob	director	William A. Wellman
Komm, süßer Tod (film)	director	Wolfgang Murnberger
Web of Evidence	director	Jack Cardiff
A Lost Man	director	Danielle Arbid
The Diving Bell and the Butterfly (film)	director	Julian Schnabel
The Mine (1978 film)	director	Yavuz Özkan
İki Genç Kız	director	Kutluğ Ataman
Tatlı Dillim	director	Ertem Eğilmez
Boys Nxt Door	director	Atlantika
Love in the Time of Cholera (film)	director	Mike Newell (director)
The Uncle Devil Show (The Twilight Zone)	director	David Steinberg
Nightmare City	director	Umberto Lenzi
Yuvvraaj	director	Subhash Ghai
Celia (film)	director	Ann Turner (director)
Costa!	director	Johan Nijenhuis
Dance 'til Dawn	director	Paul Schneider (director)
Dil Kya Kare	director	Prakash Jha
What Goes Up (film)	director	Jonathan Glatzer
An Elephant Can Be Extremely Deceptive	director	Yves Robert
Stand Up for Justice: The Ralph Lazo Story	director	John Esaki
Love at First Fight	director	Cui Bao Zhu
Love at First Fight	director	Wang Zi Ming
Signs of Life (1968 film)	director	Werner Herzog
White Heat	director	Raoul Walsh
Megamol	director	Eddie Rodriguez
Friday After Next	director	Marcus Raboy
Bindiya Chamkegi	director	Tarun Dutt
Der var engang en vicevært	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Der var engang en vicevært	director	Alice O'Fredericks
White Gold (2003 film)	director	Viktor Ivanov (stunt coordinator)
Frk. Møllers jubilæum	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Frk. Møllers jubilæum	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Mabel's Strange Predicament	director	Henry Lehrman
A Film Johnnie	director	George Nichols (actor)
Tango Tangles	director	Mack Sennett
His Favourite Pastime	director	George Nichols (actor)
Mabel at the Wheel	director	Mabel Normand
Mabel at the Wheel	director	Mack Sennett
The Star Boarder	director	George Nichols (actor)
Crash Course	director	Oz Scott
Demonic Toys	director	Peter Manoogian
Caught in the Rain	director	Charlie Chaplin
Public Enemies (1996 film)	director	Mark L. Lester
The Fatal Mallet	director	Mack Sennett
Her Friend the Bandit	director	Charlie Chaplin
Her Friend the Bandit	director	Mabel Normand
Mabel's Married Life	director	Charlie Chaplin
Laughing Gas (1914 film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
The Property Man	director	Charlie Chaplin
La Torre de los Siete Jorobados	director	Edgar Neville
Raza (film)	director	José Luis Sáenz de Heredia
The Canterville Ghost (1986 film)	director	Paul Bogart
Confessions of a Sorority Girl	director	Uli Edel
Dinotopia: Quest for the Ruby Sunstone	director	Davis Doi
Those Love Pangs	director	Charlie Chaplin
Gentlemen of Nerve	director	Charlie Chaplin
Pathology (film)	director	Marc Schölermann
His Musical Career	director	Charlie Chaplin
Getting Acquainted	director	Charlie Chaplin
4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days	director	Cristian Mungiu
Rudy: The Rudy Giuliani Story	director	Robert Dornhelm
Paperback Hero (1973 film)	director	Peter Pearson (director)
Brick Bradford (serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Brick Bradford (serial)	director	Thomas Carr (director)
Spring in Park Lane	director	Herbert Wilcox
Quick Pick	director	Will Vazquez
The Loss of Sexual Innocence	director	Mike Figgis
The Adventures of Lucky Pierre	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
The Adventures of Lucky Pierre	director	David F. Friedman
The Secret Ways	director	Phil Karlson
California Dreamin' (film)	director	Cristian Nemescu
His Regeneration	director	Broncho Billy Anderson
Buying the Cow	director	Walt Becker
Shanghaied (1915 film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Kiss the Bride (2002 film)	director	Vanessa Parise
Candles in the Dark	director	Maximilian Schell
Kanna Nalama	director	K. Balachander
Ó Paí, Ó	director	Monique Gardenberg
July Rhapsody	director	Ann Hui
Feast of Love	director	Robert Benton
Paranoid (2000 thriller film)	director	John Duigan
Adiós, Sabata	director	Gianfranco Parolini
Return of Sabata	director	Gianfranco Parolini
Sabata (film)	director	Gianfranco Parolini
Uncovered: The War on Iraq	director	Robert Greenwald
In Shifting Sands: The Truth About Unscom and the Disarming of Iraq	director	Scott Ritter
The Intruder (2004 film)	director	Claire Denis
Vendredi soir	director	Claire Denis
I Can't Sleep (film)	director	Claire Denis
The Professor (film)	director	Charlie Chaplin
Barque sortant du port de Trouville	director	Georges Méliès
Antikiller	director	Egor Konchalovsky
Where the Day Takes You	director	Marc Rocco
The Webbers	director	Brad Marlowe
The Exam	director	Ömer Faruk Sorak
Conflict of Interest (film)	director	Gary Davies (disambiguation)
Deadly Sins (film)	director	Michael Robison
Operation Y and Other Shurik's Adventures	director	Leonid Gaidai
Dauria (film)	director	Viktor Tregubovich
Dance of the Dwarfs (film)	director	Gus Trikonis
Rolling (film)	director	Billy Samoa Saleebey
The Last Paradises: On the Track of Rare Animals	director	Eugen Schuhmacher
Dubai Seenu	director	Srinu Vaitla
Taming of the Fire	director	Daniil Khrabrovitsky
Mr & Mrs Sailaja Krishnamurthy	director	Siva Nageswara Rao
Sri (2005 film)	director	Dasharatha
Profumo di donna	director	Dino Risi
The Taxi Dancer	director	Harry F. Millarde
Winners of the Wilderness	director	W. S. Van Dyke
The Understanding Heart	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Twelve Miles Out	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
The Adventures of Mark Twain (1986 film)	director	Will Vinton
Ruslan and Ludmila (film)	director	Aleksandr Ptushko
Heroes of Shipka	director	Sergei Vasilyev
Into You Like a Train	director	Jeff Melman
Madame Tutli-Putli	director	Clyde Henry Productions
Mama Jack	director	Gray Hofmeyr
Black Sun: The Nanking Massacre	director	Mou Tun-fei
Common Bonds	director	Antonio Manriquez
Cartouche (film)	director	Philippe de Broca
Flick (film)	director	Nick Gorman
Child of the Sun God	director	Alan Perry (director)
Rumors (Private Snafu)	director	Friz Freleng
Spies (Private Snafu)	director	Chuck Jones
Six Bullets	director	Graham Killeen
The Last Man (2006 film)	director	Ghassan Salhab
La Antena	director	Esteban Sapir
Vitus (film)	director	Fredi M. Murer
Operation Bikini	director	Anthony Carras
Waris Jari Hantu	director	Suhaimi Baba
Sparkling Red Star (2007 film)	director	Dante Lam
Judgment (film)	director	Tom Topor
When I Was a Singer	director	Xavier Giannoli
Bride of Glomdal	director	Carl Theodor Dreyer
Anna Karenina (1997 film)	director	Bernard Rose (director)
I complessi	director	Dino Risi
I complessi	director	Luigi Filippo D'Amico
I complessi	director	Franco Rossi
I nuovi mostri	director	Dino Risi
I nuovi mostri	director	Ettore Scola
I nuovi mostri	director	Mario Monicelli
Anthem to Beauty	director	Jeremy Marre
Fox and His Friends	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Dunderklumpen!	director	Per Åhlin
Nihon Chinbotsu (1973 film)	director	Shiro Moritani
You Must Be Joking! (1986 film)	director	Elmo De Witt
Arctic Tale	director	Adam Ravetch
Arctic Tale	director	Sarah Robertson
La Nuit porte-jarretelles	director	Virginie Thévenet
Attack of the Tiger	director	Peter Anderson (director)
Don't Torture a Duckling	director	Lucio Fulci
Gilda Live	director	Mike Nichols
High Anxiety (King of the Hill)	director	Adam Kuhlman
The Final Darkness	director	Joe D'Amato
Rodeo Days	director	Cyndi Tang
The Law of the Range	director	William Nigh
West Point (1928 film)	director	Edward Sedgwick
Shriman Shrimati	director	Vijay Reddy
Damaged Lives	director	Edgar G. Ulmer
The Facts of Life Reunion	director	Charles Herman-Wurmfeld
Tapasya (1976 film)	director	Anil Ganguly
Amar Deep (1958 film)	director	Tatineni Prakash Rao
Solva Saal	director	Raj Khosla
The Little Thief	director	Claude Miller
Oh Schucks.... It's Schuster!	director	Leon Schuster
Oh Schuks... I'm Gatvol	director	Leon Schuster
Blind Terror	director	Giles Walker
Szerelmi álmok – Liszt	director	Márton Keleti
Montana (film)	director	Jennifer Leitzes
Sweet 'n Short	director	Gray Hofmeyr
Red Line 7000	director	Howard Hawks
Sounder (film)	director	Martin Ritt
Wise Guys (film)	director	Brian De Palma
Two Comrades Were Serving	director	Yevgeni Karelov
Bajo las Riendas del Amor	director	Leonardo Daniel
Bajo las Riendas del Amor	director	Eduardo Said
Bajo las Riendas del Amor	director	Édgar Ramírez
December Bride (film)	director	Thaddeus O'Sullivan
Va savoir	director	Jacques Rivette
Galactica Discovers Earth	director	Sidney Hayers
The Heartbreak Kid (2007 film)	director	Bobby Farrelly
The Heartbreak Kid (2007 film)	director	Peter Farrelly
Kamen Rider Den-O: I'm Born!	director	Takao Nagaishi
Monkey Trouble	director	Franco Amurri
The Patriots (film)	director	Éric Rochant
The Time Trap	director	Hal Sutherland
Fortress (1986 film)	director	Arch Nicholson
Anne of the Indies	director	Jacques Tourneur
Centered in the Universe	director	Don Dixon (artist)
Dutiful But Dumb	director	Del Lord
Sargam (1979 film)	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
I Eat Your Skin	director	Del Tenney
Tere Mere Sapne (1971 film)	director	Vijay Anand
Coming of Age (BBC TV series)	director	Ed Bye
Café Elektric	director	Gustav Ucicky
Aaghaaz	director	Yogesh Ishwar
Tennessee Johnson	director	William Dieterle
Charodei	director	Konstantin Bromberg
Goldrush: A Real Life Alaskan Adventure	director	John Power (director)
To Brave Alaska	director	Bruce Pittman
Section spéciale	director	Costa-Gavras
Below Utopia	director	Kurt Voss
The Blue Hour	director	Eric Nazarian
Megiddo: The Omega Code 2	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
Khuda Gawah	director	Mukul S. Anand
Bag Københavns kulisser	director	Arne Weel
Ciné si	director	Michel Ocelot
Ciné si  Princes et princesses   1	director	Michel Ocelot
The Naked Eye (1998 film)	director	Vicente Aranda
We, the Women	director	Gianni Franciolini
We, the Women	director	Roberto Rossellini
We, the Women	director	Luchino Visconti
We, the Women	director	Luigi Zampa
The Last Show (The Mary Tyler Moore Show)	director	Jay Sandrich
Back Alley Oproar	director	Friz Freleng
Four Walls (film)	director	William Nigh
St. Jorgen's Day	director	Yakov Protazanov
Natutulog Pa Ang Diyos	director	Lino Brocka
American Son (film)	director	Neil Abramson
Odayil Ninnu (film)	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Aeg elada, aeg armastada	director	Veljo Käsper
The Race (Joe 90)	director	Alan Perry (director)
Tathastu	director	Anubhav sinha
Buy Bye Beauty	director	Pål Hollender
Dream of Love	director	Fred Niblo
Cone of Silence (1960 film)	director	Charles Frend
The Duke Steps Out	director	James Cruze
The City of Your Final Destination	director	James Ivory (director)
The Boogeyman (1980 film)	director	Ulli Lommel
What Just Happened	director	Barry Levinson
Our Modern Maidens	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Diary of a Shinjuku Thief	director	Nagisa Oshima
Love Message (film)	director	Ah Gan
Colossal Youth (film)	director	Pedro Costa
Like Grains of Sand	director	Ryōsuke Hashiguchi
Robot Chicken: Star Wars	director	Seth Green
The Brass Bottle	director	Harry Keller
Jake Speed	director	Andrew Lane (producer)
Take Out (short film)	director	Jonathan Budine
Not in My Back-hoe	director	Shaun Cashman
Montana Moon	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
Good Morning, Night	director	Marco Bellocchio
My Mother's Smile	director	Marco Bellocchio
Our Blushing Brides	director	Harry Beaumont
Paid (1930 film)	director	Sam Wood
Three Rooms in Manhattan	director	Marcel Carné
Audrey Parker's Come and Gone	director	Colin Bucksey
The Truth and Nothing But the Truth	director	Scott Peters (writer)
Try the Pie	director	Craig Ross, Jr.
The Marked (The 4400)	director	Leslie Libman
Till We Have Built Jerusalem	director	Scott Peters (writer)
Satan's Cheerleaders	director	Greydon Clark
The Object of Beauty	director	Michael Lindsay-Hogg
Female (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Female (film)	director	William Dieterle
Female (film)	director	William A. Wellman
Golden Boy (film)	director	Rouben Mamoulian
Alien from L.A.	director	Albert Pyun
The Devonsville Terror	director	Ulli Lommel
Maker of Men	director	Edward Sedgwick
Having Wonderful Time	director	Alfred Santell
Dance, Fools, Dance	director	Harry Beaumont
This Modern Age	director	Nick Grinde
Love Story (1970 film)	director	Arthur Hiller
Grateful Dead: So Far	director	Jerry Garcia
The Importance of Being Icelandic	director	Jon Einarsson Gustafsson
The Claws of Light	director	Lino Brocka
Children of the Night (1991 film)	director	Tony Randel
Fíaskó	director	Ragnar Bragason
Rancid (film)	director	Jack Ersgard
Piñata (animated film)	director	Mike Hollands
Storm Catcher	director	Anthony Hickox
Came a Hot Friday	director	Ian Mune
Path of Hope	director	Pietro Germi
Our Man in Havana (film)	director	Carol Reed
In the Name of the Law	director	Pietro Germi
Case Closed: Strategy Above the Depths	director	Yasuichiro Yamamoto
Flight to Mars (film)	director	Lesley Selander
Laughing Sinners	director	Harry Beaumont
Letty Lynton	director	Clarence Brown
Today We Live	director	Howard Hawks
Today We Live	director	Richard Rosson
The Tempest (1979 film)	director	Derek Jarman
Novo	director	Jean-Pierre Limosin
26 Years Diary	director	Hanadō Junji
1776 (film)	director	Peter H. Hunt
Chained (1934 film)	director	Clarence Brown
Forsaking All Others	director	W. S. Van Dyke
No More Ladies	director	Edward H. Griffith
No More Ladies	director	George Cukor
I Live My Life	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Invaders from Mars (1986 film)	director	Tobe Hooper
The Ark of the Sun God	director	Antonio Margheriti
Hunters of the Golden Cobra	director	Antonio Margheriti
Venus Peter	director	Ian Sellar
I'm Dangerous Tonight	director	Tobe Hooper
Valley of the Dolls (film)	director	Mark Robson
Still of the Night (film)	director	Robert Benton
The Case of Lena Smith	director	Josef von Sternberg
Here on Earth (film)	director	Mark Piznarski
The Bride Wore Red	director	Dorothy Arzner
Narrow Margin	director	Peter Hyams
Bill's House	director	Robin Brigstocke
La Chèvre	director	Francis Veber
Girl, You'll Be a Giant Soon	director	Cyndi Tang
Intruder (1989 film)	director	Scott Spiegel
How to Sleep	director	Nick Grinde
Francis in the Navy	director	Arthur Lubin
One Way Passage	director	Tay Garnett
Bandhe Haath	director	O.P. Goyle
Jaka Sembung	director	Sisworo Gautama
Nau Do Gyarah	director	Vijay Anand
The Shining Hour	director	Frank Borzage
Kucch To Hai	director	Anurag Basu
Mannequin (1937 film)	director	Frank Borzage
Bombai Ka Baboo	director	Raj Khosla
Lenin in 1918	director	Mikhail Romm
Beyond Belief (2007 film)	director	Beth Murphy
The Sisters (1938 film)	director	Anatole Litvak
Masumiyet	director	Zeki Demirkubuz
Calendar Leaves	director	Martin Dudzik
A Woman's Secret	director	Nicholas Ray
The Ice Follies of 1939	director	Reinhold Schünzel
Strange Cargo (1940 film)	director	Frank Borzage
A Woman's Face	director	George Cukor
Joshua (2007 film)	director	George Ratliff
Samourais	director	Giordano Gederlini
Incognito (1998 film)	director	John Badham
Zack and Miri Make a Porno	director	Kevin Smith
Wonder Bar	director	Lloyd Bacon
Wonder Bar	director	Busby Berkeley
The Green Man (film)	director	Robert Day (director)
The Green Man (film)	director	Basil Dearden
Crazy Love (2007 film)	director	Dan Klores
Crazy Love (2007 film)	director	Fisher Stevens
Madeline (1998 film)	director	Daisy von Scherler Mayer
Destination: Infestation	director	George Mendeluk
Madame Irma	director	Didier Bourdon
Madame Irma	director	Yves Fajnberge
When Ladies Meet (1933 film)	director	Harry Beaumont
When Ladies Meet (1933 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
When Ladies Meet (1941 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
The Eagle (TV series)	director	Niels Arden Oplev
The Eagle (TV series)	director	Søren Kragh-Jacobsen
The Eagle (TV series)	director	Kristoffer Nyholm
The Eagle (TV series)	director	Martin Schmidt
They All Kissed the Bride	director	Alexander Hall
The Woman in Black (1989 film)	director	Herbert Wise
The Railroad Man	director	Pietro Germi
Lost Youth	director	Pietro Germi
Alfredo, Alfredo	director	Pietro Germi
The Gift (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Alex Zakrzewski
The Anonymous Venetian (film)	director	Enrico Maria Salerno
Between Miracles	director	Nino Manfredi
Talk to Me (TV series)	director	Dearbhla Walsh
Undaunted Mettle	director	Steve Shill
First Love (1977 film)	director	Joan Darling
Forest of the Dead (film)	director	Brian Singleton
Count Three and Pray (film)	director	George Sherman
The Three Musketeers (1948 film)	director	George Sidney
Kamen Rider The Next	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Konservy	director	Egor Konchalovsky
The Treasurer's Report	director	Thomas Hardie Chalmers
You'd Be Surprised (film)	director	Arthur Rosson
The Sex Life of the Polyp	director	Thomas Hardie Chalmers
How to Train a Dog	director	Arthur Ripley
How to Behave	director	Arthur Ripley
2007 Toronto International Film Festival  Canadian Open Vault   1	director	Francis Mankiewicz
2007 Toronto International Film Festival  Canadian Retrospective   1	director	Michel Brault
Up (2009 film)	director	Pete Docter
Up (2009 film)	director	Bob Peterson (animator)
The Pyx	director	Harvey Hart
The Contractor	director	Josef Rusnak
The Nameless (film)	director	Jaume Balagueró
Circle of Two	director	Jules Dassin
REC (film)	director	Jaume Balagueró
REC (film)	director	Paco Plaza
One on One (film)	director	Lamont Johnson
Captain Sánchez's Crime	director	Vicente Aranda
The Resurrected	director	Dan O'Bannon
Modigliani (film)	director	Mick Davis
Big Bad Wolf (film)	director	Lance W. Dreesen
Ice Spiders	director	Tibor Takács (director)
The Great Happiness Space: Tale of an Osaka Love Thief	director	Jake Clennell
The Lurking Fear (film)	director	C. Courtney Joyner
Reunion in France	director	Jules Dassin
Above Suspicion (1943 film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Female on the Beach	director	Joseph Pevney
Just You and Me, Kid	director	Leonard B. Stern
Sleuth (2007 film)	director	Kenneth Branagh
Little Hiawatha	director	David Hand (animator)
Love Is a Ball	director	David Swift (director)
The Titan on the Tracks	director	Tony Wharmby
NASCAR on CBS	director	Bob Fishman
NASCAR on CBS	director	Larry Cavolina
Nidhanaya	director	Lester James Peries
The Church (film)	director	Michele Soavi
The Devil's Daughter (1991 film)	director	Michele Soavi
Sisters (2001 film)	director	Sergei Bodrov, Jr.
Space Chimps	director	Kirk DeMicco
Contraband (1980 film)	director	Lucio Fulci
Mission X-41	director	Ken Turner
Sawaal (1982 film)	director	Ramesh Talwar
Borderline (1930 film)	director	Kenneth Macpherson
The Emperor Jones (1933 film)	director	Dudley Murphy
The Only Thing	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Sioux City (film)	director	Lou Diamond Phillips
King of the Gypsies (film)	director	Frank Pierson
Vampire Secrets	director	Diana Zaslaw
4 (2005 film)	director	Ilya Khrzhanovsky
Sybil (2007 film)	director	Joseph Sargent
Bristol Boys	director	Brandon David
Guyana Tragedy: The Story of Jim Jones	director	William A. Graham (director)
The Desert of the Tartars	director	Valerio Zurlini
Goodbye, My Fancy	director	Vincent Sherman
The Snow Queen (2005 film)	director	Julian Gibbs
The Story of Esther Costello	director	David Miller (director)
To Forget Venice	director	Franco Brusati
The Thing That Wouldn't Die	director	Terry Hughes (director)
Deathdream	director	Bob Clark
Breaking the Surface: The Greg Louganis Story	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
Bataille de boules de neige	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
Stuck (2007 film)	director	Stuart Gordon
Sleepless (2001 film)	director	Dario Argento
The Card Player	director	Dario Argento
Sugarhouse (film)	director	Gary Love
12:01 PM (1990 film)	director	Jonathan Heap
Frenchie	director	Louis King
Asian Stories (Book 3)	director	Ron Oda
Asian Stories (Book 3)	director	Kris Chin
Aztec Rex	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
Chakra (film)	director	Rabindra Dharmaraj
A Run for Your Money	director	Charles Frend
Zontar, The Thing from Venus	director	Larry Buchanan
The Last Days of Left Eye	director	Lauren Lazin
Mr. Robinson Crusoe	director	A. Edward Sutherland
A Halfway House Christmas	director	Eric Moyer
Sangdil Sanam	director	Shomu Mukherjee
Safety Patrol (film)	director	Savage Steve Holland
The Dead Pit	director	Brett Leonard
Believers (film)	director	Daniel Myrick
Flatland (2007 film)	director	Ladd Ehlinger Jr.
Brains and Eggs	director	James Burrows
But Forever in My Mind	director	Gabriele Muccino
Manuale d'amore	director	Giovanni Veronesi
The Devil's Whore	director	Marc Munden
Duke University String School	director	Dorothy Kitchen
Lo squadrone bianco	director	Augusto Genina
My Brother the Pig	director	Erik Fleming (director)
Mandabi	director	Ousmane Sembène
Shining Through	director	David Seltzer
Geeta Mera Naam	director	Sadhana Shivdasani
Kung Mahawi Man Ang Ulap	director	MariMar (Philippines TV series)
Eskimo (film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Veer Tejaji	director	Nawal Mathur
Mongolian Ping Pong	director	Ning Hao
D-War	director	Shim Hyung-rae
Irish Destiny	director	George Dewhurst
Concorrenza sleale	director	Ettore Scola
Gente di Roma	director	Ettore Scola
Brown of Harvard (1926 film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
The Shade (1998 film)	director	Raphael Nadjari
The Pardon	director	Tom Anton
El Pantera	director	Alejandro Gamboa
Faza Navardan	director	Siamak Ansari
Faza Navardan	director	Fathali Oveisi
The White Hell of Pitz Palu	director	Arnold Fanck
The White Hell of Pitz Palu	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
AKA Cartoon Network	director	Xavier Perkins
AKA Cartoon Network	director	Brett Foraker
The Savages (film)	director	Tamara Jenkins
Oath of Vengeance	director	Sam Newfield
Some Voices (film)	director	Simon Cellan-Jones
La sconosciuta	director	Giuseppe Tornatore
Apartado de correos 1001	director	Julio Salvador
El último caballo	director	Edgar Neville
Teng Nong kon maha hia	director	Pongsak Pongsuwan
Teng Nong kon maha hia	director	Choosak Iamsook
King of the Congo	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
King of the Congo	director	Wallace Grissell
Ready, Willing, and Able (film)	director	Ray Enright
The Private War of Major Benson	director	Jerry Hopper
Holy (Bottom episode)	director	Ed Bye
'S Out	director	Ed Bye
Terror (Bottom episode)	director	Bob Spiers
Break (Bottom)	director	Bob Spiers
Hell to Eternity	director	Phil Karlson
A Dangerous Life	director	Robert Markowitz
Finger (Bottom episode)	director	Bob Spiers
Carnival (Bottom episode)	director	Bob Spiers
Blindness (film)	director	Fernando Meirelles
It2i2	director	Robert Llewellyn
Spy Kids	director	Robert Rodriguez
Vantage Point (film)	director	Pete Travis
Irina Palm	director	Sam Garbarski
Bariwali	director	Rituparno Ghosh
New Moon (1940 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
New Moon (1940 film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Sati (film)	director	Aparna Sen
Vampire Noir	director	Scott Shaw
Noel's Fantastic Trip	director	Tsuneo Maeda
Cry of Battle	director	Irving Lerner
Custer of the West	director	Robert Siodmak
12:08 East of Bucharest	director	Corneliu Porumboiu
A Little Worm	director	Marc Benardout
Kissing Cousins (film)	director	Amyn Kaderali
Thoda Pyaar Thoda Magic	director	Kunal Kohli
Breaking and Entering (film)	director	Anthony Minghella
The Cinema Murder	director	George D. Baker
Movin' In	director	Griff Furst
Ratas, Ratones, Rateros	director	Sebastián Cordero
Kalloori	director	Balaji Sakthivel
Beverly Hills Chihuahua	director	Raja Gosnell
The Addams Family (1973 animated series)	director	Charles August Nichols
Fantaghirò 5	director	Lamberto Bava
Amici per la pelle	director	Franco Rossi
Il Grido	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Sunflower (1970 film)	director	Vittorio De Sica
The Roof (film)	director	Vittorio De Sica
Cops and Robbers (1951 film)	director	Stefano Vanzina
Cops and Robbers (1951 film)	director	Mario Monicelli
Journey to Italy	director	Roberto Rossellini
Where We're Calling From	director	Where We're Calling From#Track listing
Women in Defense	director	John Ford
Santosh Subramaniam	director	M. Raja
Deadbeat at Dawn	director	Jim Van Bebber
Just the Way You Are (film)	director	Édouard Molinaro
To Kill a King	director	Mike Barker (film director)
Giovanna d'Arco al rogo	director	Roberto Rossellini
Fear (1954 film)	director	Roberto Rossellini
The Night Train to Kathmandu	director	Robert Wiemer
Il camorrista	director	Giuseppe Tornatore
Most Special Astronaut	director	Peter Anderson (director)
Splendor (1989 film)	director	Ettore Scola
Joey (1985 film)	director	Roland Emmerich
Estate Violenta	director	Valerio Zurlini
Pistol Whipped	director	Roel Reiné
Kate's Secret	director	Arthur Allan Seidelman
Storyville (film)	director	Mark Frost
Anna (1951 film)	director	Alberto Lattuada
Zombie Night	director	David J. Francis
Rome 11:00	director	Giuseppe De Santis
I Vinti	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
The Velvet Touch	director	Jack Gage (director)
DoUlike2watch.com	director	Josh Levy
El Club de Los Tigritos	director	Eduardo Pérez
El Club de Los Tigritos	director	Vladimir Perez
Spontaneous Combustion (film)	director	Tobe Hooper
Next Stop, Greenwich Village	director	Paul Mazursky
Homebodies	director	Kenneth Fink
Feeling the Heat	director	Kenneth Fink
Jackpot (CSI)	director	Danny Cannon
An Act of Conscience	director	Robbie Leppzer
Invisible Evidence	director	Danny Cannon
Hitler's Children (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Hitler's Children (film)	director	Irving Reis
Duck (film)	director	Nic Bettauer
Anne B. Real	director	Lisa France
Two Bodies in the Lab	director	Allan Kroeker
Andy Hardy Meets Debutante	director	George B. Seitz
The Legend of Lobo	director	James Algar
The Legend of Lobo	director	Jack Couffer
Tough Enough (2006 film)	director	Detlev Buck
Twelfth Night: Or What You Will (1996 film)	director	Trevor Nunn
The Last Hurrah (1958 film)	director	John Ford
The Last Hurrah (1977 film)	director	Vincent Sherman
La terrazza	director	Ettore Scola
Repo Men	director	Miguel Sapochnik
Skins (2002 film)	director	Chris Eyre
Elephant (1989 film)	director	Alan Clarke
Survival Quest	director	Don Coscarelli
Tribes (film)	director	Joseph Sargent
Jacob Two Two Meets the Hooded Fang	director	Theodore J. Flicker
Jacob Two Two Meets the Hooded Fang    1	director	George Bloomfield
Never Been Thawed	director	Sean Anders
Bye Bye Love (film)	director	Sam Weisman
Son de Mar (film)	director	Bigas Luna
Ladies They Talk About	director	Howard Bretherton
Ladies They Talk About	director	William Keighley
Particles of Truth	director	Jennifer Elster
Urban Justice	director	Don E. Fauntleroy
City of Ember	director	Gil Kenan
Sally (Flight of the Conchords)	director	James Bobin
Manodu	director	Priyadarshini Ram
Mysterious Castles of Clay	director	Joan Root
Mysterious Castles of Clay	director	Alan Root
Magnifico (film)	director	Maryo J. de los Reyes
Kirikou et les bêtes sauvages	director	Michel Ocelot
Kirikou et les bêtes sauvages	director	Bénédicte Galup
Sugar Boxx	director	Cody Jarrett
The Christmas That Almost Wasn't	director	Rossano Brazzi
The Lathe of Heaven (film)	director	David Loxton
The Lathe of Heaven (film)	director	Fred Barzyk
Peppermint Soda	director	Diane Kurys
Operation McClaine	director	Ken Turner
The Wonderful Wizard of Ha's	director	Brian K. Roberts
Gang War: Bangin' In Little Rock	director	Marc Levin
The Black Castle	director	Nathan H. Juran
The Adventures of Dudley the Dragon	director	Allan Novak
Powwow Highway	director	Jonathan Wacks
Shadrach (film)	director	Susanna Styron
Juno (film)	director	Jason Reitman
Avunu Valliddaru Ista Paddaru	director	Vamsy
Moscow Elegy	director	Alexander Sokurov
Schlock (film)	director	John Landis
Ready When You Are, Mr McGill	director	Mike Newell (director)
Sweet Jane (film)	director	Joe Gayton
Little Dorrit (TV serial)	director	Dearbhla Walsh
Little Dorrit (TV serial)	director	Diarmuid Lawrence
Monsieur Hire	director	Patrice Leconte
Under the Flag of the Rising Sun	director	Kinji Fukasaku
Supergator	director	Kevin O'Neill
Yellow (2006 feature film)	director	Alfredo De Villa
Teenage Monster	director	Jacques R. Marquette
The Bubble (2006 film)	director	Eytan Fox
Beethoven's Great Love	director	Abel Gance
Céleste (film)	director	Percy Adlon
Labyrinth of Passion	director	Pedro Almodóvar
Tiempo de Silencio	director	Vicente Aranda
Night Game (film)	director	Peter Masterson
After the Show (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
Grissom Versus the Volcano	director	Richard J. Lewis
The NBC Comedy Hour	director	Herbert Kenwith
Coming of Rage (CSI)	director	Nelson McCormick (director)
Eleven Angry Jurors	director	Matt Earl Beesley
Memory (2006 film)	director	Bennett Joshua Davlin
X-Men (film series)	director	Bryan Singer
X-Men (film series)	director	Brett Ratner
X-Men (film series)	director	Gavin Hood
X-Men (film series)	director	Matthew Vaughn
X-Men (film series)	director	James Mangold
Fantastic Four in film	director	Tim Story
Abrázame Muy Fuerte	director	Miguel Córcega
A Cold Night's Death	director	Jerrold Freedman
Vengeance of the Zombies	director	León Klimovsky
Best Friend Forgotten	director	Julie Lofton
Pinocchio's Revenge	director	Kevin S. Tenney
Into the Wild (film)	director	Sean Penn
Makdee	director	Vishal Bhardwaj
Hard Cash	director	Predrag Antonijević
Peculiarities of the National Fishing	director	Aleksandr Rogozhkin
Fourplay (film)	director	Mike Binder
Time of Violence	director	Ludmil Staikov
Little Soldiers	director	Gangaraju Gunnam
A Lousy Ten Grand	director	Kelly Monteith
Prom Night (2008 film)	director	Nelson McCormick (director)
The Champ (1979 film)	director	Franco Zeffirelli
Unrequited (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
Mr. 3 Minutes	director	Gordon Chan
Nothing Is Impossible	director	Lam Wah-Chuen
Paper or Plastic	director	Kenneth Fink
Who's Your Caddy?	director	Don Michael Paul
Shrink-Wrapped	director	Jean de Segonzac
The Ship That Died of Shame	director	Basil Dearden
Room to Let	director	Joe McStravick
Københavnere	director	Lau Lauritzen, Sr.
State Legislature (film)	director	Frederick Wiseman
The Hours and Times	director	Christopher Münch
Money to Burn (Randall and Hopkirk Deceased)	director	Ray Austin (director)
Call for Love	director	Zhang Jianya
The Ghost Talks (Randall and Hopkirk Deceased)	director	Cyril Frankel
911 (Law & Order: Special Victims Unit)	director	Ted Kotcheff
Belfry Witches	director	Joy Perino
Hellbilly 58	director	Russ Diaper
The Yellow Wallpaper (film)	director	Logan Thomas
Invasion of the Not Quite Dead	director	Tony Lane
Indiralohathil Na Azhagappan	director	Thambi Ramaiah
XXY (film)	director	Lucía Puenzo
Getting Off (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
Bad to the Bone (CSI)	director	David Grossman
No More Bets	director	Richard J. Lewis
Phantoms (film)	director	Joe Chappelle
Brain Dead (1990 film)	director	Adam Simon
The Jammed	director	Dee McLachlan
Command Decision (film)	director	Sam Wood
Crime, Inc. (1945 film)	director	Lew Landers
Neon Rider	director	Bruce Pittman
Neon Rider	director	George Bloomfield
Neon Rider	director	Neill Fearnley
Neon Rider	director	Winston Rekert
Neon Rider	director	Peter D. Marshall
Neon Rider	director	Mick MacKay
Neon Rider	director	Joseph L. Scanlan
Neon Rider	director	René Bonnière
Neon Rider	director	Danny Virtue
Neon Rider	director	Allan King
Neon Rider	director	Michael Robison
Neon Rider	director	Vic Sarin
Neon Rider	director	David Winning
Saratoga (film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
The Girl from Missouri	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
The Courtship of Eddie's Father (film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
I Like You, I Like You Very Much	director	Hiroyuki Oki
Stalking Santa	director	Greg Kiefer
Andrew and Jeremy Get Married	director	Don Boyd
Personal Property (film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Advance to the Rear	director	George Marshall (director)
Absolute Giganten	director	Sebastian Schipper
Coming Out (1989 film)	director	Heiner Carow
The Christmas List	director	Charles Jarrot
American Pastime (film)	director	Desmond Nakano
Glass Houses (film)	director	Alexander Singer
Tropic Thunder	director	Ben Stiller
Taxi Driver (1954 film)	director	Chetan Anand (director)
The World of Suzie Wong (film)	director	Richard Quine
J'ai Rencontré Le Père Noël	director	Christian Gion
Allonsanfàn	director	Paolo and Vittorio Taviani
Haseena Maan Jayegi	director	Prakash Mehra
Most Wanted (1997 film)	director	David Hogan (director)
Hera Pheri (1976 film)	director	Prakash Mehra
Bret Gives Up the Dream	director	James Bobin
Peach Blossom Weeps Tears of Blood	director	Bu Wancang
Baby Sitters Jitters	director	Jules White
Au Pair (film series)	director	Mark Griffiths (film director)
Double Agent (Joe 90)	director	Ken Turner
Hero's Heart (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Philip Sgriccia
Ambush at Cimarron Pass	director	Jodie Copelan
The Devil's Child	director	Bobby Roth
24 Hours in London	director	Alexander Finbow
Buster and Billie	director	Daniel Petrie
Buster and Billie	director	Sidney Sheldon
Callaway Went Thataway	director	Melvin Frank
Callaway Went Thataway	director	Norman Panama
Ninja Bachelor Party	director	Bill Hicks
Sky Lovers	director	Jiang Qinmin
The Ghost Inside	director	Herman Yau
Mob Sister	director	Wong Ching-Po
Two Bits	director	James Foley
Me, Natalie	director	Fred Coe
Bang the Drum Slowly (film)	director	John D. Hancock
Lady of the Night	director	Monta Bell
A Slave of Fashion	director	Hobart Henley
The Midshipman	director	Christy Cabanne
Paid (2006 film)	director	Laurence Lamers
Tide of Empire	director	Allan Dwan
Swami (2007 film)	director	Ganesh Acharya
Broadway Nights	director	Joseph C. Boyle
Regrets... I've Had a Few	director	Gus Trikonis
Strange Interlude (1932 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
The Merry Widow (1925 film)	director	Erich von Stroheim
The Day Will Dawn	director	Harold French
The Tomb (film)	director	Fred Olen Ray
Web of Desire	director	Michael Levine (director)
Margot at the Wedding	director	Noah Baumbach
Phantom of Chinatown	director	Phil Rosen
White Man (film)	director	Louis J. Gasnier
Stranger in a Strange World	director	Michael Levine (director)
Forbidden Paradise	director	Ernst Lubitsch
The Johnstown Flood (1926 film)	director	Irving Cummings
Abhiyum Naanum	director	Radha Mohan
Clara is the Price	director	Vicente Aranda
Fanny Strawhair	director	Vicente Aranda
Murder in the Central Committee	director	Vicente Aranda
Change of Sex	director	Vicente Aranda
Two Men and a Baby	director	Christopher Graves
Girl with the Golden Panties	director	Vicente Aranda
Adventures of Johnny Tao: Rock Around the Dragon	director	Kenn Troum
The Final Cut (1983 film)	director	Willie Christie
The Death and Life of Bobby Z	director	John Herzfeld
Mugged (Flight of the Conchords)	director	James Bobin
The Dog Who Stopped the War	director	André Mélançon
The Soldiers of Pancho Villa	director	Ismael Rodríguez
Hellbreeder	director	Johannes Roberts
Little Thieves, Big Thieves	director	Alejandro Saderman
Two-Fisted Law	director	D. Ross Lederman
Adventure in Iraq	director	D. Ross Lederman
Chandni Chowk to China	director	Nikhil Advani
Staircase (film)	director	Stanley Donen
Tom and Jerry: Shiver Me Whiskers	director	Scott Jeralds
Surf Crazy	director	Bruce Brown
Limite (film)	director	Mário Peixoto
Touch Me, I'm Karen Taylor	director	Ben Kellett
Blackhawk (serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Blackhawk (serial)	director	Fred F. Sears
The Legend of Alfred Packer	director	Jim Roberson
Early Rollout	director	Duane Clark
Abby (film)	director	William Girdler
Body of War	director	Ellen Spiro
Body of War	director	Phil Donahue
Troop 1500	director	Ellen Spiro
Are the Kids Alright?	director	Ellen Spiro
Atomic Ed and the Black Hole	director	Ellen Spiro
Roam Sweet Home	director	Ellen Spiro
Greetings from Out Here	director	Ellen Spiro
Diana's Hair Ego	director	Ellen Spiro
Amanita Pestilens	director	René Bonnière
Slaughterhouse (film)	director	Rick Roessler
The Adventures of Galgameth	director	Sean McNamara (director)
The Chaplin Revue	director	Charlie Chaplin
Clark and Michael	director	Michael Cera
Clark and Michael	director	Clark Duke
Maulana Abul Kalam Azad Institute of Asian Studies, Kolkata	director	Professor
Ek: The Power of One	director	Sangeeth Sivan
The White Buffalo	director	J. Lee Thompson
Emmanuelle 5	director	Walerian Borowczyk
Channel Umptee-3	director	Chris Headrick
Channel Umptee-3	director	Don Jurwich
Channel Umptee-3	director	Michael Peraza Jr.
Channel Umptee-3	director	David Schwartz
Channel Umptee-3	director	Robert Seeley
WTC View	director	Brian Sloan
Aaj Ka Andha Kanoon	director	Amit Chandra Sahay
Three Brothers (film)	director	Francesco Rosi
Deep Blood	director	Raffaele Donato
Deep Blood	director	Joe D'Amato
Les Aventures des Schtroumpfs	director	Eddy Ryssack
Les Aventures des Schtroumpfs	director	Maurice Rosy
The Super Scouts	director	Vince Edwards
The Super Scouts	director	Sigmund Neufeld Jr.
The Brave One (2007 film)	director	Neil Jordan
El Lute: Run for Your Life	director	Vicente Aranda
The Brave One (1956 film)	director	Irving Rapper
The van Paemel Family	director	Paul Cammermans
Mga Mata ni Anghelita	director	Gil Tejada, Jr.
Mga Mata ni Anghelita	director	Khryss Adalia
June 31st (film)	director	Leonid Kvinikhidze
The Easiest Way	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Polly of the Circus	director	Alfred Santell
A Baby Story	director	Sitarah Pendelton
A Baby Story	director	WEOL
Sporting Blood	director	Charles Brabin
The Lucky Ones (film)	director	Neil Burger
Concrete Cowboys	director	Burt Kennedy
Camouflage (film)	director	James Keach
Il giorno della civetta (film)	director	Damiano Damiani
The Rich Are Always with Us	director	Alfred E. Green
The Dark Horse (film)	director	Alfred E. Green
The Blood Spattered Bride	director	Vicente Aranda
Rudo y Cursi	director	Carlos Cuarón
Afro-Punk (film)	director	James Spooner
Alison Lawton	director	Pete McCormack
The Mephisto Waltz (film)	director	Paul Wendkos
Manfish	director	W. Lee Wilder
Two-Minute Warning	director	Larry Peerce
Let There Be Light (film)	director	John Huston
Stone of Destiny (film)	director	Charles Martin Smith
Freud: The Secret Passion	director	John Huston
Bad Words	director	Rob Bailey (director)
Museum of Applied Arts (Belgrade)	director	Ivanka Zorić
Dead Ringer (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
Sox Appeal	director	Ryan Crow
Billi	director	Syed Noor
One Missed Call: Final	director	Manabu Asou
Livin' Large	director	Michael Schultz
San Antonio (film)	director	David Butler (director)
San Antonio (film)	director	Robert Florey
San Antonio (film)	director	Raoul Walsh
Satham Podathey	director	Vasanth
Four Months Later...	director	Greg Beeman
Color of a Brisk and Leaping Day	director	Christopher Münch
Gasoline (film)	director	Monica Stambrini
Mano Po 5: Gua Ai Di	director	Joel Lamangan
El Dorado (1988 film)	director	Carlos Saura
In the Valley of Elah	director	Paul Haggis
Amores de mercado	director	Rodolfo Hoyos
Amores de mercado	director	Andrés Bermann
Deathstalker II	director	Jim Wynorski
El hotel eléctrico	director	Segundo de Chomón
Satán se divierte	director	Segundo de Chomón
Huella de luz	director	Rafael Gil
El 13 – 13	director	Luis Lucia
Stars and Stripes Forever (film)	director	Henry Koster
Warriors of Virtue: The Return to Tao	director	Michael Vickerman
Hold Your Man	director	Sam Wood
Turn of the Screws	director	Deran Sarafian
Saan Ka Man Naroroon	director	Wenn Deramas
Cleghorne!	director	Linda Day
Cleghorne!	director	David Grossman (director)
Cleghorne!	director	Stan Lathan
Cleghorne!	director	David Trainer
The Oil Gush in Balakhany	director	Alexandre Michon
Tasya Fantasya	director	MariMar (Philippines TV series)
Spirit Bear: The Simon Jackson Story	director	Stefan Scaini
The Second Civil War	director	Joe Dante
Cathouse: The Series	director	Patti Kaplan
Making the Grade (film)	director	Dorian Walker
Yoko (Flight of the Conchords)	director	Troy Miller
Bahumati	director	S. V. Krishna Reddy
Just Add Water (film)	director	Hart Bochner
Three Way	director	Scott Ziehl
Three Russian Girls	director	Henry S. Kesler
Three Russian Girls	director	Fyodor Otsep
Loverboy (1989 film)	director	Joan Micklin Silver
Universal Groove	director	François Garcia
The Tournament (film)	director	Scott Mann
Manufactured Landscapes	director	Jennifer Baichwal
Colonel McClaine	director	Ken Turner
Beyond Words	director	Louis van Gasteren
The Trap (1985 film)	director	Giuseppe Patroni Griffi
The Trap (1959 film)	director	Norman Panama
Funny Girl (film)	director	William Wyler
Cloverfield	director	Matt Reeves
Mission 90 Days	director	Major Ravi
Hallo (2007 film)	director	Rafi Mecartin
AmericanEast	director	Hesham Issawi
Texas, Adios	director	Ferdinando Baldi
Buckskin (film)	director	Michael D. Moore
Too Late Blues	director	John Cassavetes
The Beginning or the End	director	Norman Taurog
Bloodlines (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
Storm Over Asia	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
Double or Nothing (1937 film)	director	Theodore Reed
The Man from Blankley's	director	Alfred E. Green
God of Gamblers 3: The Early Stage	director	Wong Jing
Quest for Fire (film)	director	Jean-Jacques Annaud
Yaadein (1964 film)	director	Sunil Dutt
Maryada	director	Yatindra Rawat
American Duos	director	John Landis
The Tribe (1998 film)	director	Stephen Poliakoff
The Hottest State	director	Ethan Hawke
Debbie Does Dallas ... Again	director	Paul Thomas (pornographic actor)
Getting Straight	director	Richard Rush (director)
Star Spangled Girl	director	Jerry Paris
Daratt	director	Mahamat Saleh Haroun
Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus	director	Trey Parker
A Place of Our Own	director	Hal Grant
Dog Bite Dog	director	Cheang Pou-soi
Fred Flintstone and Friends	director	Charles August Nichols
Fred Flintstone and Friends	director	William Hanna
Fred Flintstone and Friends	director	Joseph Barbera
Eastern Condors	director	Sammo Hung
The Flats (film)	director	Kelly Requa
The Flats (film)	director	Tyler Requa
Mr. Hankey's Christmas Classics	director	Trey Parker
Puccini for Beginners	director	Maria Maggenti
Say It in Russian	director	Jeff Celentano
My Love (2006 film)	director	Aleksandr Petrov (animator)
House of Cards (1993 film)	director	Michael Lessac
Risk/Reward	director	Elizabeth Holder
Risk/Reward	director	Xan Parker
The Zero Boys	director	Nico Mastorakis
Phoenix (film)	director	Danny Cannon
Strange Bedfellows (2004 film)	director	Dean Murphey
Busting	director	Peter Hyams
Peter and the Wolf (film)	director	Suzie Templeton
Purana Mandir	director	Tulsi Ramsay
Purana Mandir	director	Shyam Ramsay
Filth and Wisdom	director	Madonna (entertainer)
Tilaï	director	Idrissa Ouedraogo
La vida en un hilo	director	Edgar Neville
Domingo de carnaval	director	Edgar Neville
El crimen de la calle Bordadores	director	Edgar Neville
El baile	director	Edgar Neville
Nada (film)	director	Edgar Neville
Chandralekha (1997 film)	director	Priyadarshan
Silver Dream Racer	director	David Wickes
Squirm (film)	director	Jeff Lieberman
Judy's Little No-No	director	Sherman Price
The Flintstones: Little Big League	director	Chris Cuddington
The Peace Tree	director	Mitra Sen
Charlie Bartlett	director	Jon Poll
Essex Boys	director	Terry Winsor
Les Misérables: The Dream Cast in Concert	director	John Caird (director)
Cherry Crush	director	Nicholas DiBella
Yamaleela	director	S. V. Krishna Reddy
Self Defense (1983 film)	director	Paul Donovan (writer)
Self Defense (1983 film)	director	Maura O'Connell
Oru Kaidhiyin Diary	director	P. Bharathiraja
Curse of the Queerwolf	director	Mark Pirro (film director)
Augusta, Gone	director	Tim Matheson
4th Grade (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
The Apple (1998 film)	director	Samira Makhmalbaf
Sandesaya	director	Lester James Peries
How Betty Got Her Grieve Back	director	James Hayman
A Christmas Carol (2009 film)	director	Robert Zemeckis
Absurd (film)	director	Joe D'Amato
CB Bears	director	Charles August Nichols
Monte Walsh (film)	director	William A. Fraker
The Strange Door	director	Joseph Pevney
Dinosaur Island (2002 film)	director	Will Meugniot
Parasite Eve (video game)	director	Takashi Tokita
The Bong Connection	director	Anjan Dutta
Miracle of the White Stallions	director	Arthur Hiller
Lt. Robin Crusoe, U.S.N.	director	Byron Paul
Black Box (The Outer Limits)	director	Steven Weber
Dak Bangla (film)	director	Keshu Ramsay
Nitro (film)	director	Alain Desrochers
Ginostra	director	Manuel Pradal
Frost/Nixon (film)	director	Ron Howard
Blood Rites	director	Andy Milligan
Hearth Fires	director	Serge Korber
Love Love Love (film)	director	Babbar Subhash
Back to Bataan	director	Edward Dmytryk
Death to the Supermodels	director	Joel Silverman
Garfield Gets Real	director	Mark A.Z. Dippé
Death of a Cyclist	director	Juan Antonio Bardem
Calle Mayor	director	Juan Antonio Bardem
Esa pareja feliz	director	Juan Antonio Bardem
Esa pareja feliz	director	Luis García Berlanga
Comedians (film)	director	Juan Antonio Bardem
Tell No One	director	Guillaume Canet
The Mad (film)	director	John Kalangis
Militia (film)	director	Jim Wynorski
100 Feet	director	Eric Red
All the Boys Love Mandy Lane	director	Jonathan Levine
The Doe Boy	director	Randy Redroad
Fall Down Dead	director	Jon Keeyes
Jewel (film)	director	Paul Shapiro (director)
The Orphanage (2007 film)	director	Juan Antonio Bayona
Red (2008 film)	director	Trygve Allister Diesen
Red (2008 film)	director	Lucky McKee
Hemingway's Adventures of a Young Man	director	Martin Ritt
Tooth and Nail (film)	director	Mark Young
Redbelt	director	David Mamet
The Sea Hound (serial)	director	Walter B. Eason
The Sea Hound (serial)	director	Mack V. Wright
The Sea Hound (serial)	director	Sam Newfield
Dialing for Dingbats	director	Peter Slodczyk
Fortress of Amerikkka	director	Eric Louzil
The Glass Jungle	director	Joseph Merhi
Town Without Pity	director	Gottfried Reinhardt
Emperor of the Bronx	director	Joseph Merhi
Finger on the Trigger (film)	director	Sidney W. Pink
Fata Morgana (1965 film)	director	Vicente Aranda
Transmorphers	director	Leigh Scott
The Scalphunters	director	Sydney Pollack
The Christmas Kid	director	Sidney W. Pink
The Girl Who Returned	director	Lloyd Kaufman
The Female Bunch	director	Al Adamson
Satan's Sadists	director	Al Adamson
Dōbutsu Takarajima	director	Hiroshi Ikeda (director)
Betty's Wait Problem	director	Tricia Brock (director)
Family/Affair	director	Victor Nelli, Jr.
Things We Lost in the Fire	director	Susanne Bier
Spike Up	director	Anthony Maras
Shark! (film)	director	Samuel Fuller
Kaasua, komisario Palmu!	director	Matti Kassila
The Borrowers (1997 film)	director	Peter Hewitt (film director)
Restons groupés	director	Jean-Paul Salomé
We Are from Jazz	director	Karen Shakhnazarov
Melting Pot (film)	director	Tom Musca
Another Job for the Undertaker	director	Edwin Stanton Porter
Tentacles (film)	director	Ovidio G. Assonitis
The Nutcracker (1973 film)	director	Boris Stepantsev
The Nutcracker (1973 film)	director	Boris Larin
Swap Meet (CSI)	director	Danny Cannon
Uuno Turhapuro (film)	director	Ere Kokkonen
The Rocker (film)	director	Peter Cattaneo
My Mother Likes Women	director	Inés París
My Mother Likes Women	director	Daniela Fejerman
RFK (film)	director	Robert Dornhelm
We Dive at Dawn	director	Anthony Asquith
Demented Death Farm Massacre	director	Fred Olen Ray
Richard III (1912 film)	director	André Calmettes
Richard III (1912 film)	director	James Keane
Preacherman	director	Albert T. Viola
Amphitryon (film)	director	Reinhold Schünzel
Blood of Ghastly Horror	director	Al Adamson
Ripped Off	director	Franco Prosperi
Angels' Wild Women	director	Al Adamson
Fred and Barney Meet the Shmoo	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Fred and Barney Meet the Shmoo	director	George Gordon (animator)
Big Gus, What's the Fuss?	director	Lloyd Kaufman
Bad Charleston Charlie	director	Ivan Nagy (director)
Who is KK Downey?	director	Pat Kiely
Who is KK Downey?	director	Darren Curtis
The Cheerleaders	director	Paul Glickler
The G.I. Executioner	director	Joel M. Reed
Blood Creek	director	Joel Schumacher
The Bank Job	director	Roger Donaldson
Child Under a Leaf	director	George Bloomfield
Alien Thunder	director	Claude Fournier
Garden of the Dead	director	John Hayes (director)
Hot Summer in Barefoot County	director	Will Zens
Beau Brummell: This Charming Man	director	Philippa Lowthorpe
Ghost Brigade	director	George Hickenlooper
I Spit on Your Corpse	director	Al Adamson
American Bellydancer	director	Jonathan Brandeis
The Flintstone Funnies	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
The Flintstone Funnies	director	George Gordon (animator)
The Flintstone Funnies	director	Rudy Zamora
Brass Target	director	John Hough (director)
Occident (film)	director	Cristian Mungiu
The Rutles 2: Can't Buy Me Lunch	director	Eric Idle
Looking for Kitty	director	Edward Burns
Sally Returns	director	James Bobin
Spaceball (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Barry Crane
Fun Down There	director	Roger Stigliano
The Artist's Dilemma	director	Edwin Stanton Porter
What's Eating Gilbert Grissom?	director	Kenneth Fink
The Flintstone Comedy Show (1980)	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
The Flintstone Comedy Show (1980)	director	George Gordon
The Flintstone Comedy Show (1980)	director	Rudy Zamora
Leisurely Pedestrians, Open Topped Buses and Hansom Cabs with Trotting Horses	director	William Friese-Greene
Speedy Gonzales – noin 7 veljeksen poika	director	Ere Kokkonen
White Cargo	director	Richard Thorpe
Presence of Mind	director	Antoni Aloy
Madagascar Skin	director	Chris Newby
Croaked: Frog Monster from Hell	director	Bill Rebane
Fore Play	director	John G. Avildsen
Fore Play	director	Bruce Malmuth
List of The Wiggles episodes  The Wiggles Show   1	director	Paul Field (musician)
List of The Wiggles episodes  The Wiggles Show   2	director	Paul Field (musician) Paul Field
When Do We Eat? (2006 film)	director	Salvador Litvak
Pellaindi Kaani	director	E. V. V. Satyanarayana
Mother's Day (1980 film)	director	Charles Kaufman
Hungama (2005 film)	director	S. V. Krishna Reddy
Lady Chatterley's Lover (film)	director	Just Jaeckin
Friends (1912 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Oil and Water (1913 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Fire with Fire (1986 film)	director	Duncan Gibbins
Slam Dance (film)	director	Wayne Wang
Back Street (1961 film)	director	David Miller (director)
Back Street (1941 film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Supercock	director	Gus Trikonis
Cycle Psycho	director	John Lawrence
Back Street (1932 film)	director	John M. Stahl
Daddy's Deadly Darling	director	Marc Lawrence
Trucker's Woman	director	Will Zens
Video Vixens	director	Henri Pachard
Albino (film)	director	Jürgen Goslar
East End Hustle	director	Frank Vitale
Strange Behavior	director	Michael Laughlin
Feelin' Up	director	David Secter
H3 (film)	director	Les Blair
Number Two (film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Runaway Daughters (1994 film)	director	Joe Dante
God's Gun	director	Gianfranco Parolini
Jeet (1996 film)	director	Raj Kanwar
Mad Dog Morgan	director	Philippe Mora
Mister Scarface	director	Fernando Di Leo
Project Kill	director	William Girdler
Citizen Soldier (film)	director	Michael Elsey
The Raven (1915 film)	director	Charles Brabin
The Glove (film)	director	Ross Hagen
The Capture of Bigfoot	director	Bill Rebane
In Old California (1942 film)	director	William C. McGann
Saint Monica (film)	director	Terrance Odette
Outlaw Blues	director	Richard T. Heffron
Formalities	director	Bill Eagles
Mystery Date	director	Jonathan Wacks
Daughter from Danang	director	Gail Dolgin
Daughter from Danang	director	Vicente Franco
Outward Bound (film)	director	Robert Milton
The Unhanged	director	Spede Pasanen
The Unhanged	director	Vesa-Matti Loiri
The Flintstones' New Neighbors	director	Carl Urbano
Radio tekee murron	director	Matti Kassila
Radio tulee hulluksi	director	Matti Kassila
Plague (1978 film)	director	Edward Hunt
I'm Reed Fish	director	Zackary Adler
The Flintstones: Fred's Final Fling	director	Oscar Dufau
The Flintstones: Fred's Final Fling	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Premaku Velayara	director	S. V. Krishna Reddy
Target (1985 film)	director	Arthur Penn
Abouna	director	Mahamat Saleh Haroun
Ch-Ch-Changes (CSI)	director	Richard J. Lewis
Squeeze Play!	director	Lloyd Kaufman
Mea Culpa (CSI)	director	David Grossman
No Humans Involved (CSI)	director	Rob Bailey (director)
A Friend to Die For	director	William A. Graham (director)
Target (1995 film)	director	Sandip Ray
Target (2004 film)	director	William Webb
The Flintstones: Wind-Up Wilma	director	Carl Urbano
Almost Normal	director	Marc Moody
The Flintstones: Jogging Fever	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Mothertime	director	Matthew Jacobs (filmmaker)
RocknRolla	director	Guy Ritchie
Ghost of Mae Nak	director	Mark Duffield
Butterfly Man	director	Kaprice Kea
Scary Movie (film series)	director	Scary Movie
Scary Movie (film series)	director	Scary Movie 2
Scary Movie (film series)	director	Keenen Ivory Wayans
Scary Movie (film series)	director	Scary Movie 3
Scary Movie (film series)	director	Scary Movie 4
Scary Movie (film series)	director	Scary Movie (film series)#Scary Movie 5
Scary Movie (film series)	director	David Zucker (filmmaker)
A Flintstone Family Christmas	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
A Flintstones Christmas Carol	director	Joanna Romersa
Winds of the Wasteland	director	Mack V. Wright
The Munsters' Scary Little Christmas	director	Ian Emes
Traitor (film)	director	Jeffrey Nachmanoff
Terror Toons	director	Joe Castro (director)
Terror Toons 2: The Sick and Silly Show	director	Joe Castro (director)
Dick Tracy Meets Gruesome	director	John Rawlins (director)
The Flintstones' 25th Anniversary Celebration	director	Robert Guenette
Assume the Position with Mr. Wuhl	director	D. A. Pennebaker
Waitress!	director	Lloyd Kaufman
Waitress!	director	Michael Herz (producer)
Blood Song	director	Alan J. Levi
Beauty Pageant (Parks and Recreation)	director	Jason Woliner
Damn Yankees (film)	director	George Abbott
Damn Yankees (film)	director	Stanley Donen
Kaamchor	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Heer Raanjha	director	Chetan Anand (director)
The Assassination of the Duke of Guise	director	Charles le Bargy
The Assassination of the Duke of Guise	director	André Calmettes
Aakhri Daku	director	Prakash Mehra
Aamne Samne (1967 film)	director	Suraj Prakash
Aap Aye Bahaar Ayee	director	Mohan Kumar
S-21: The Khmer Rouge Killing Machine	director	Rithy Panh
George & Leo	director	James Burrows
George & Leo	director	Pamela Fryman
George & Leo	director	Michael Lessac
George & Leo	director	Philip Charles MacKenzie
George & Leo	director	Brian K. Roberts
Banditi a Orgosolo	director	Vittorio De Seta
The Last Days of Colonel Savath	director	Norodom Sihanouk
Angel on the Curb	director	Svetlana Stasenko
Ultraseven X	director	Takeshi Yagi
Ultraseven X	director	Kenji Suzuki (tokusatsu)
Ultraseven X	director	Kengo Kaji
Ultraseven X	director	Kazuya Konaka
Elegy (film)	director	Isabel Coixet
Street of Chance (1930 film)	director	John Cromwell (director)
Going Under (2004 film)	director	Eric Werthman
Sleepwalking (film)	director	William Maher (visual effects)
Confessions of a Pit Fighter	director	Art Camacho
The Duke (short film)	director	Justin McArdle
The Duke (short film)	director	John McArdle
Long Night's Journey into Day	director	Deborah Hoffmann
Long Night's Journey into Day	director	Frances Reid (director)
Wild Child (2008 film)	director	Nick Moore (film director)
Where Sleeping Dogs Lie	director	Charles Finch (director)
The Papal Chase	director	Kenny Hotz
The Witnesses	director	André Téchiné
Tears in the Rain	director	Don Sharp
Bhajantrilu	director	M. S. Narayana
Gloria (1999 film)	director	Sidney Lumet
Year of the Gun (film)	director	John Frankenheimer
Beyond the Stars	director	David Saperstein
Aashiq (1962 film)	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
The First Turn-On!	director	Lloyd Kaufman
The First Turn-On!	director	Michael Herz (producer)
Rice People	director	Rithy Panh
Big Fish (Joe 90)	director	Leo Eaton
Frightmare (1983 film)	director	Norman Thaddeus Vane
Aasra (1966 film)	director	Satyen Bose (director)
Night of the Blood Beast	director	Bernard L. Kowalski
Story of a Junkie	director	Lech Kowalski
We All Scream for Ice Cream (Masters of Horror)	director	Tom Holland
Deathstalker (film)	director	James Sbardellati
Anokhi Raat	director	Asit Sen (director)
Choke (film)	director	Clark Gregg
The Land of the Wandering Souls	director	Rithy Panh
Identity Pieces	director	Mweze Ngangura
Zhizn i priklyucheniya chetyrekh druzei 1/2 (film)	director	Oleg Yeryshev
Wish Gone Amiss Weekend	director	Carl Lauten
Wish Gone Amiss Weekend	director	Rich Correll
Wish Gone Amiss Weekend	director	Roger Christiansen
Female Convict 701: Scorpion	director	Shunya Itō
Zhizn i priklyucheniya chetyrekh druzei 3/4 (film)	director	Oleg Yeryshev
Unbearable (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
No End in Sight	director	Charles H. Ferguson
The Flintstone Kids' "Just Say No" Special	director	Carl Urbano
Pasan Ko Ang Daigdig	director	Joel Lamangan
D (film)	director	Vishram Sawant
Prisoners of the Sun (film)	director	Roger Christian (filmmaker)
Marma (film)	director	Sunil Kumar Desai
Fanny Hill (2007 serial)	director	James Hawes
Belli Moda	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Mallammana Pavaada	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Kappu Bilupu	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Dosar	director	Rituparno Ghosh
16 Days in Afghanistan	director	Anwar Hajher
Blood Hook	director	Jim Mallon
The Taking of Flight 847: The Uli Derickson Story	director	Paul Wendkos
The International (film)	director	Tom Tykwer
Death Bed: The Bed That Eats	director	George Barry (director)
Pokémon: Giratina and the Sky Warrior	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
Pokémon: Giratina and the Sky Warrior	director	Tom Wayland
Que la barque se brise, que la jonque s'entrouvre	director	Rithy Panh
Tom Sawyer (1917 film)	director	William Desmond Taylor
Bophana: A Cambodian Tragedy	director	Rithy Panh
Living Dolls: The Making of a Child Beauty Queen	director	Shari Cookson
Gejje Pooje	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Masanada Hoovu	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Amrutha Ghalige	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Sakshatkara	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Sharapanjara	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Pilot (The Closer)	director	Michael M. Robin
The Killing of Angel Street	director	Donald Crombie
Lost Empires	director	Alan Grint
Chop Socky Chooks	director	Sergio Delfino
The Riot	director	Mack Sennett
Jalla! Jalla!	director	Josef Fares
Edakallu Guddada Mele	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Dharani Mandala Madhyadolage	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Maanasa Sarovara	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Ranganayaki (film)	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Dharmasere	director	Puttanna Kanagal
From Sky and Soil	director	Royce Vavrek
College Ranga	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Her Awakening	director	D. W. Griffith
Cœur fidèle	director	Jean Epstein
Wishmaster 2: Evil Never Dies	director	Jack Sholder
Wishmaster 3: Beyond the Gates of Hell	director	Chris Angel (director)
In Search Of (film)	director	Zeke Zelker
Pilot (Burn Notice)	director	Jace Alexander
Identity (Burn Notice)	director	Rod Hardy
Words in Blue	director	Alain Corneau
Beyond Silence (1996 film)	director	Caroline Link
Frankenstein (US TV miniseries)	director	Kevin Connor (director)
The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters	director	Seth Gordon
Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs	director	Carlos Saldanha
Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs	director	Mike Thurmeier
White Diamond: A Personal Portrait of Kylie Minogue	director	William Baker (fashion designer)
White Diamond: A Personal Portrait of Kylie Minogue  White Diamond / Showgirl: Homecoming   1	director	William Baker (fashion designer)
Tarka (film)	director	Sunil Kumar Desai
Utkarsha	director	Sunil Kumar Desai
Nishkarsha	director	Sunil Kumar Desai
Nanhe Jaisalmer	director	Samir Karnik
Nammoora Mandara Hoove	director	Sunil Kumar Desai
The Hanna-Barbera New Cartoon Series	director	William Hanna
The Hanna-Barbera New Cartoon Series	director	Joseph Barbera
Juken Sentai Gekiranger: Nei-Nei! Hou-Hou! Hong Kong Decisive Battle	director	Shōjirō Nakazawa
...and Fancy Free	director	Michael Hurst
King Baby	director	Richard J. Lewis
Big Middle	director	Bill Eagles
Compulsion (CSI)	director	Duane Clark
Spark of Life (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
4 x 4 (CSI)	director	Terrence O'Hara
He Was a Quiet Man	director	Frank Cappello
Meri Doli Tere Angana	director	Yash Chauhan
The Lost Boys (docudrama)	director	Rodney Bennett
Blood and Sand (1989 film)	director	Javier Elorrieta
Bubble Fiction: Boom or Bust	director	Yasuo Baba
Toss (2007 film)	director	Priyadarshini Ram
Raavan (TV series)	director	Ranjan Singh
Honky Tonk (1941 film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Anuradha (film)	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Memdidi	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Asli-Naqli	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Babangon Ako't Dudurugin Kita	director	Joel Lamangan
Ek Din Achanak	director	Mrinal Sen
The Mangler Reborn	director	Erik Gardner
The Mangler Reborn	director	Matt Cunningham
Starrbooty	director	Mike Ruiz
Malaikottai	director	Boopathy Pandian
The Heist (2001 film)	director	Kurt Voss
Oedipus Rex (film)	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
The Burnt Theatre	director	Rithy Panh
The Babe Ruth Story	director	Roy Del Ruth
Bowie (Flight of the Conchords)	director	Troy Miller
Susan Slept Here	director	Frank Tashlin
Drive By (Flight of the Conchords)	director	Taika Waititi
A Deusa Vencida	director	Walter Avancini
A Deusa Vencida	director	Edison Braga
A Deusa Vencida	director	Sérgio Mattar
A Deusa Vencida	director	Antonino Seabra
The Governess	director	Sandra Goldbacher
Julia Has Two Lovers	director	Bashar Shbib
If I Had a Hammer (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Steve Polivka
The Stepford Children	director	Alan J Levi
Swindle (film)	director	K.C. Bascombe
Reckless (1984 film)	director	James Foley
Chimera (film)	director	Lawrence Gordon Clark
Bogus (film)	director	Norman Jewison
Bless the Beasts and Children (film)	director	Stanley Kramer
Linda Sara	director	Jacobo Morales
The Walker	director	Paul Schrader
Calendar Girl Murders	director	William A. Graham (director)
Bal-Can-Can	director	Darko Mitrevski
Till Human Voices Wake Us (film)	director	Michael Petroni
Matinee Theater	director	John Drew Barrymore
Matinee Theater	director	Walter Grauman
Matinee Theater	director	Arthur Hiller
Matinee Theater	director	Lamont Johnson
Matinee Theater	director	Albert McCleery
Matinee Theater	director	Boris Sagal
The Mountain (1956 film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Aayirathil Oruvan (2010 film)	director	Selvaraghavan
Full Frontal Fashion	director	Bob Lampel
Trapeze (film)	director	Carol Reed
Mr. Nobody (film)	director	Jaco Van Dormael
Devdas (1937 film)	director	Pramathesh Barua
Some of My Best Friends Are...	director	Mervyn Nelson
The Party Never Stops: Diary of a Binge Drinker	director	David Wu
The Anarchist's Wife	director	Marie Noelle
The Anarchist's Wife	director	Peter Sehr
Nasraani	director	Joshi
Pray (2005 film)	director	Yuichi Sato
The Woman in Red (1935 film)	director	Robert Florey
High Treason (1929 film)	director	Maurice Elvey
The Littlest Outlaw	director	Roberto Gavaldón
August Underground's Mordum	director	Killjoy (musician)
August Underground's Mordum	director	Fred Vogel
Khandhar	director	Mrinal Sen
Plastic Utopia	director	David Zellner
When a Man Falls in the Forest	director	Ryan Eslinger
Paar (film)	director	Gautam Ghose
Stryker (film)	director	Noam Gonick
The Home Song Stories	director	Tony Ayres
See Angkor and Die	director	Norodom Sihanouk
My Village at Sunset	director	Norodom Sihanouk
One Evening After the War	director	Rithy Panh
Le papier ne peut pas envelopper la braise	director	Rithy Panh
An Ambition Reduced to Ashes	director	Norodom Sihanouk
The Vegas Strip War	director	George Englund
The Adventures of Tartu	director	Harold S. Bucquet
Die Glückspuppe	director	Jacob Fleck
Die Glückspuppe	director	Luise Fleck
Shaheed (1965 film)	director	S. Ram Sharma
The Monastery: Mr. Vig and the Nun	director	Pernille Rose Grønkjær
Underworld (film series)	director	Len Wiseman
Underworld (film series)	director	Patrick Tatopoulos
The Fifth Horseman is Fear	director	Zbyněk Brynych
Golos (film)	director	Ilya Averbakh
Muzeul Memoriei Neamului	director	Anatol Corj
A Dandy in Aspic	director	Anthony Mann
F.P.S. (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Darnell Martin
Dead Air (2009 film)	director	Corbin Bernsen
Aahat	director	B. P. Singh
Boogie Woogie (TV series)	director	Javed Jaffrey
Hawayein	director	Ammtoje Mann
Balls Out: Gary the Tennis Coach	director	Danny Leiner
Paint Your Wagon (film)	director	Joshua Logan
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen	director	Michael Bay
Lekin...	director	Gulzar
Pati Ba Pintig ng Puso	director	Bakekang
Dreams on Spec	director	Daniel J. Snyder
The Weathered Underground	director	David N. Donihue (director)
Goy (film)	director	Felix Kersting
Goy (film)	director	Marc Schaumburg
All the Fine Young Cannibals	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Maiko Haaaan!!!	director	Nobuo Mizuta
Blame it on Fidel	director	Julie Gavras
Girls Like Us	director	Tina Di Feliciantonio
Girls Like Us	director	Jane C. Wagner
Fire Sale (film)	director	Alan Arkin
Ek Rishtaa: The Bond of Love	director	Suneel Darshan
Too Rich: The Secret Life of Doris Duke	director	John Erman
S.O.S.: Sexo y otros Secretos	director	Benjamín Cann
Jeevan Dhaara	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
Golmaal Returns	director	Rohit Shetty
Ice Angel	director	George Erschbamer
An Eye for an Eye (1981 film)	director	Steve Carver
Corporate Crush	director	Don Scardino
Iced (CSI)	director	Richard J. Lewis
Dr. Renault's Secret	director	Harry Lachman
Ears, Open. Eyeballs, Click.	director	Canaan Brumley
Stauffenberg (film)	director	Jo Baier
Nujum Pak Belalang	director	P. Ramlee
Luther (2003 film)	director	Eric Till
Laksamana Do Re Mi	director	P. Ramlee
Puteri Impian	director	Aziz M. Osman
The Alan Clark Diaries	director	Jon Jones (director)
Ek Hi Bhool	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
Imagining Indians	director	Victor Masayesva, Jr
Acorralada	director	Tito Rojas
Acorralada	director	Yaky Ortega
What's So Bad About Feeling Good?	director	George Seaton
The Dark Side of the Sun (film)	director	Božidar Nikolić
Charlie Brown and Charles Schulz	director	Bill Melendez
The Land of the Settlers	director	Haim Yavin
Texas Terror (film)	director	Robert N. Bradbury
William Kunstler: Disturbing the Universe	director	Emily Kunstler
William Kunstler: Disturbing the Universe	director	Sarah Kunstler
Samson (1961 film)	director	Andrzej Wajda
High (1967 film)	director	Larry Kent (filmmaker)
Schizogeny	director	Ralph Hemecker
Ghar Ek Sapnaa	director	Ajai Sinha
Sabrina Goes to Rome	director	Tibor Takács (director)
Gandhi, My Father	director	Feroz Abbas Khan
Mammo	director	Shyam Benegal
Babes in Toyland (1997 film)	director	Paul Sabella
Babes in Toyland (1997 film)	director	Charles Grosvenor
Babes in Toyland (1997 film)	director	Toby Bluth
Francis (1950 film)	director	Arthur Lubin
ABBA: The Movie	director	Lasse Hallström
Happy Anniversary, Charlie Brown	director	Phil Roman
Quicksand (2003 film)	director	John Mackenzie (director)
In the Alleys of Love	director	Khosrow Sinai
Life's Too Short	director	Ricky Gervais
Life's Too Short	director	Stephen Merchant
The Visit (TV series)	director	Tony Dow (director)
Mujhe Insaaf Chahiye	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
The Singing Nun (film)	director	Henry Koster
Superdad	director	Vincent McEveety
Ekspedisi Madewa	director	Franklin Darmadi
Nagabonar Jadi 2	director	Deddy Mizwar
Maaf, Saya Telah Menghamili Istri Anda	director	Monty Tiwa
Range Feud	director	D. Ross Lederman
Lady and Gent	director	Stephen Roberts (director)
That's My Boy (1932 film)	director	Roy William Neill
New Frontier (film)	director	George Sherman
Anak-Anak Borobudur	director	Arswendo Atmowiloto
Haunted Gold	director	Mack V. Wright
Central Airport (film)	director	William A. Wellman
Somewhere in Sonora	director	Mack V. Wright
Majajan	director	Syed Noor
His Private Secretary	director	Phil Whitman
The Life of Jimmy Dolan	director	Archie Mayo
The Man from Monterey	director	Mack V. Wright
College Coach	director	William A. Wellman
He Did and He Didn't	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Sagebrush Trail	director	Armand Schaefer
Miami Supercops	director	Bruno Corbucci
Meher (TV series)	director	Sachin Deo
The Photograph (film)	director	Nan Achnas
Mengejar Mas-Mas	director	Rudy Soedjarwo
Coklat Stroberi	director	Ardy Octaviand
No Looking Back	director	Edward Burns
Kill Yourself: The Movie	director	Stormtroopers of Death
Tarap (2006 film)	director	Sangeeta
Cambodia: Between War and Peace	director	Rithy Panh
Black Throat	director	Gregory Dark
Please Vote for Me	director	Weijun Chen
The Perfect Woman	director	Bernard Knowles
The LSD Story	director	Jack Webb
The Cyclops	director	Bert I. Gordon
Phantom from Space	director	W. Lee Wilder
The Night the World Exploded	director	Fred F. Sears
Freedom on My Mind	director	Connie Field
Freedom on My Mind	director	Marilyn Mulford
West of the Divide	director	Robert N. Bradbury
Rainbow Valley (film)	director	Robert N. Bradbury
Westward Ho (film)	director	Robert N. Bradbury
A Streetcar Named Desire (1995 film)	director	Glenn Jordan
A Streetcar Named Desire (1984 film)	director	John Erman
Checking Out (1989 film)	director	David Leland
Running (film)	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
The Man in the Morgue	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
The Oregon Trail (1936 film)	director	Scott Pembroke
King of the Pecos	director	Joseph Kane
The Lonely Trail	director	Joseph Kane
Sea Spoilers	director	Frank R. Strayer
Jews of Iran (film)	director	Ramin Farahani
Conflict (1936 film)	director	David Howard (director)
Hum Ek Hain	director	Syed Noor
Changes (DVD)	director	Daniel Catullo
Kasak (film)	director	Rajiv Babbar
999-9999	director	999-9999
La León	director	Santiago Otheguy
Love Sick (film)	director	Tudor Giurgiu
All the Love You Cannes!	director	Gabriel Friedman
All the Love You Cannes!	director	Lloyd Kaufman
All the Love You Cannes!	director	Sean McGrath
Insee thong	director	Mitr Chaibancha
The Young Black Stallion	director	Simon Wincer
Final Offer	director	Sturla Gunnarsson
Final Offer	director	Robert Collison
Plasticine Crow	director	Alexander Tatarsky
Centre for Development Studies	director	Professor
Bad Blood (The X-Files)	director	Cliff Bole
Goal (2007 Malayalam film)	director	Kamal (director)
The Unearthly	director	Boris Petroff
Aarilirunthu Arubathu Varai	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Port Sinister	director	Harold Daniels
Lost Planet Airmen	director	Fred C. Brannon
Jungle Manhunt	director	Lew Landers
Tobor the Great	director	Lee Sholem
Queen of the Mountain	director	Martha Goell Lubell
Khulay Aasman Ke Neechay	director	Javed Sheikh
Off the Ledge	director	Brooke Mikey Anderson
Displaced	director	Martin Holland
My Brother (2007 film)	director	Anthony Lover
My Yiddishe Momme McCoy	director	Bob Giges
I Cover the War	director	Arthur Lubin
Idol of the Crowds	director	Arthur Lubin
Adventure's End	director	Arthur Lubin
Born to the West	director	Charles Barton
Pals of the Saddle	director	George Sherman
Overland Stage Raiders	director	George Sherman
The General Line	director	Sergei Eisenstein
Santa Fe Stampede	director	George Sherman
Last Year's Snow Was Falling	director	Alexander Tatarsky
Bandwagon (film)	director	John Schultz (director)
Investigation Held by Kolobki	director	Igor Kovalyov
Investigation Held by Kolobki	director	Alexander Tatarsky
Ripe (film)	director	Mo Ogrodnik
Kuro no Tozoku	director	Inoue Umeji
Adieu poulet	director	Pierre Granier-Deferre
Multiple Sarcasms	director	Brooks Branch
Backfire (film)	director	Gilbert Cates
Assassination (1987 film)	director	Peter R. Hunt
Children of Fate: Life and Death in a Sicilian Family	director	Andrew Young (director)
Children of Fate: Life and Death in a Sicilian Family	director	Susan Todd
You Were Meant for Me (film)	director	Lloyd Bacon
A Noise from the Deep	director	Mack Sennett
The Big Town (1987 film)	director	Ben Bolt, Texas
The Big Town (1987 film)	director	Harold Becker
Antony and Cleopatra (1908 film)	director	J. Stuart Blackton
Antony and Cleopatra (1908 film)	director	Charles Kent (actor)
Shotguns That Kick	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
20 Years of Dysfunction	director	Billy Milano
Yellow Earth	director	Chen Kaige
Mehndi Waley Hath	director	Syed Noor
Chalo Ishq Larain	director	Sajjad Gul
Invisible Target	director	Benny Chan (film director)
Jackie Chan: My Stunts	director	Jackie Chan
Ball & Chain	director	Shiraz Jafri
Captain from Castile	director	Henry King (director)
The Last Man (2002 film)	director	Harry Ralston
Queen of the Gypsies	director	Emil Loteanu
The Cottage (film)	director	Paul Andrew Williams
Kayaamat	director	Ekta Kapoor
Kayaamat	director	Shobha Kapoor
Up Pops the Devil	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Mother's Boys	director	Yves Simoneau
Mortal Coil (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Allan Kroeker
Dance, Girl, Dance	director	Dorothy Arzner
Here Is Always Somewhere Else	director	Rene Daalder
Patient X (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
Heaven (1987 film)	director	Diane Keaton
Gerak Khas	director	Yusof Haslam
Five Mile Creek	director	Frank Arnold
Five Mile Creek	director	Gary Conway
Twitch (film)	director	Leah Meyerhoff
Team Queen	director	Leah Meyerhoff
Nadine (1987 film)	director	Robert Benton
Nice Girls Don't Explode	director	Chuck Martinez
Nightflyers	director	Robert Collector
Genesis (1986 film)	director	Mrinal Sen
The Indian Tomb (1959 film)	director	Fritz Lang
Heat and Sunlight	director	Rob Nilsson
Chameleon Street	director	Wendell B. Harris Jr.
They Were Not Silent	director	Roland Millman
Three Texas Steers	director	George Sherman
Wyoming Outlaw	director	George Sherman
Three Faces West	director	Bernard Vorhaus
Seven Sinners (1940 film)	director	Tay Garnett
The Pink Chiquitas	director	Anthony Currie
The Amazing Spider-Man (1977 film)	director	E.W. Swackhamer
A Prayer for the Dying	director	Mike Hodges
White Light/Black Rain: The Destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki	director	Steven Okazaki
Corn (film)	director	Dave Silver
Rachel River	director	Sandy Smolan
In the Soup	director	Alexandre Rockwell
Scorcher (film)	director	James Seale (film director)
Mr. Monk and the Rapper	director	Paris Barclay
Spliced (film)	director	Gavin Wilding
Nazar (film)	director	Soni Razdan
Phar Lap (film)	director	Simon Wincer
What Happened Was	director	Tom Noonan
Bride of the Wind	director	Bruce Beresford
Enthiran	director	S. Shankar
The Other Half (1919 film)	director	King Vidor
A Strange Place to Meet	director	François Dupeyron
Bert Rigby, You're a Fool	director	Carl Reiner
Walking on Water (film)	director	Tony Ayres
Committed (CSI)	director	Richard J. Lewis
Immagine in Cornice	director	Danny Clinch
Molière (2007 film)	director	Laurent Tirard
Xyber 9: New Dawn	director	Phillip Norwood
A Broken Life	director	Neil Coombs
Evil Angel (film)	director	Richard Dutcher
Hercules on Trial	director	John Laing (director)
Departure of a Grand Old Man	director	Yakov Protazanov
Departure of a Grand Old Man	director	Elizaveta Thiman
Bang Bang You're Dead (film)	director	Guy Ferland
What Price Glory? (1952 film)	director	John Ford
Stripped to Kill	director	Katt Shea
Tigershark (film)	director	Emmett Alston
Treasure of the Moon Goddess	director	José Luis García Agraz
The Virgin Queen of St. Francis High	director	Francesco Lucente
Walk Like a Man (film)	director	Melvin Frank
Weeds (film)	director	John D. Hancock
El cielo abierto	director	Miguel Albaladejo
Balram vs. Tharadas	director	I. V. Sasi
Wanted (2009 film)	director	Prabhu Deva
Cry 'Havoc'	director	Richard Thorpe
Sissi (film)	director	Ernst Marischka
The Hi-Lo Country	director	Stephen Frears
Bound and Gagged (serial)	director	George B. Seitz
Medea Culpa	director	Charles Siebert
The Last of the Mohicans (1936 film)	director	George B. Seitz
Flight of the Ibis	director	Ric Moxley
Buddha Gujjar	director	Syed Noor
Grin and Bear It (Ugly Betty)	director	Tucker Gates
The Other Side of the Tracks	director	A.D. Calvo
The Alchemist (film)	director	Charles Band
America 3000	director	David Engelbach
The Duchess (film)	director	Saul Dibb
The Couch Trip	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Dragonfly (film)	director	Tom Shadyac
Just One Look	director	Yip Kam-Hung
Diary (film)	director	Pang brothers
Shamo (film)	director	Cheang Pou-soi
The Fugitive (1910 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Dr. Wai in "The Scripture with No Words"	director	Ching Siu-tung
Sissi – The Young Empress	director	Ernst Marischka
Sissi – Fateful Years of an Empress	director	Ernst Marischka
Custer's Last Stand (serial)	director	Elmer Clifton
Rise of the Footsoldier	director	Julian Gilbey
Badmash Gujjar (2002 film)	director	Sameer Butt
Plunder of the Sun	director	John Farrow
Breeders (1986 film)	director	Tim Kincaid
Muay Thai Chaiya	director	Kongkiat Khomsiri
Cluny Brown	director	Ernst Lubitsch
The Life of Reilly	director	Barry Poltermann
The Life of Reilly	director	Frank L. Anderson
Wings Of Evolution	director	Raghu Jeganathan
Yona Yona Penguin	director	Rintaro
Purgatory House	director	Cindy Baer
Dead End Drive-In	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
Flic Story	director	Jacques Deray
Heart of Light	director	Jacob Grønlykke
Noce Blanche	director	Jean-Claude Brisseau
Girlfriends (Flight of the Conchords)	director	James Bobin
Left for Dead (2004 film)	director	Ross Boyask
Achy Jakey Heart	director	Rich Correll
Un mundo maravilloso	director	Luis Estrada
Me la debes	director	Carlos Cuarón
A Story about a Bad Dream	director	Pavel Stingl
Clapham Junction (film)	director	Adrian Shergold
Dream Lover (1986 film)	director	Alan J. Pakula
Mega Snake	director	Tibor Takács (director)
Chūshingura 1/47	director	Shunsaku Kawamo
Tetro	director	Francis Ford Coppola
North West Mounted Police (film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Boy Culture	director	Q. Allan Brocka
Bear's Kiss	director	Sergei Bodrov
The Secret of the Magic Gourd (2007 film)	director	John Chu
Butterfly Kiss	director	Michael Winterbottom
The Eagle with Two Heads	director	Jean Cocteau
Zoop (TV series)	director	Johan Nijenhuis
Zoop (TV series)	director	Jamel Aattache
Millions Like Us	director	Sidney Gilliat
Millions Like Us	director	Frank Launder
Tillie's Punctured Romance (1928 film)	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Ben khong chong	director	Trong Ninh Luu
Khiladi	director	Abbas-Mustan
The Human Face	director	James Erskine (director)
The Human Face	director	David Stewart (director)
La meilleure façon de marcher	director	Claude Miller
The Shroud (The Outer Limits)	director	Stuart Gillard
Ghunghat (film)	director	Syed Noor
Brave Story: New Traveler	director	Yoshiki Okamoto
Hickey & Boggs	director	Robert Culp
Half Moon Street	director	Bob Swaim
Sargam (1995 film)	director	Syed Noor
Heat (1986 film)	director	Dick Richards
Heat (1986 film)	director	Jerry Jameson
Isn't Life Wonderful	director	D. W. Griffith
Aaron Cohen's Debt	director	Amalia Margolin
Our Pain, Your Gain	director	Doug Spangenberg
20,000 Years in Sing Sing	director	Michael Curtiz
Some Like It Hot (1939 film)	director	George Archainbaud
Nishant (film)	director	Shyam Benegal
Siempre tuya	director	Emilio Fernández
Harold (film)	director	T. Sean Shannon
Ben 10: Race Against Time	director	Alex Winter
Fate Is the Hunter (film)	director	Ralph Nelson
Fantozzi (film)	director	Luciano Salce
Boobs in Arms	director	Jules White
Il secondo tragico Fantozzi	director	Luciano Salce
Daman: A Victim of Marital Violence	director	Kalpana Lajmi
5ive Days to Midnight	director	Michael W. Watkins
Ripper (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
Begone Dull Care	director	Evelyn Lambart
Begone Dull Care	director	Norman McLaren
From Within (film)	director	Phedon Papamichael
Awake Zion	director	Monica Haim
The Haven (The Outer Limits)	director	Jimmy Kaufman
Watchers II	director	Thierry Notz
Watchers 3	director	Jeremy Stanford
Deja Vu (The Outer Limits)	director	Brian Giddens
Watchers Reborn	director	John Carl Buechler
Fantozzi in paradiso	director	Neri Parenti
The Inheritors (The Outer Limits 1995)	director	Michael Rohl
Xtro 3: Watch the Skies	director	Harry Bromley Davenport
Essence of Life (The Outer Limits)	director	Brad Turner (director)
Chiec chia khoa vang	director	Le Hoang
León and Olvido	director	Xavier Bermúdez
El Pisito	director	Marco Ferreri
El Pisito	director	Isidoro M. Ferry
The Emperor's Naked Army Marches On	director	Kazuo Hara
Mein Ek Din Laut Kay Aaoon Ga	director	Mohammad Javed Fazil
Caravan 841	director	Zion Rubin
Fire (2006 film)	director	Asif Ali Pota
Fathers and Sons (The Outer Limits)	director	Brad Turner (director)
Alfred the Great (film)	director	Clive Donner
Life and Colour	director	Santiago Tabernero
Cutie Honey: The Live	director	Makoto Yokoyama
Cutie Honey: The Live	director	Takeshi Miyasaka
Cutie Honey: The Live	director	Ryūichi Honda
Cutie Honey: The Live	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Cutie Honey: The Live	director	Keita Amemiya
Sugar Creek (film)	director	James Cotten
The Bros.	director	Jonathan Figg
Wife, Mother, Murderer	director	Mel Damski
Nothing But the Truth (1941 film)	director	Elliott Nugent
General Motors 50th Anniversary Show	director	Charles S. Dubin
My Favorite Spy	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Bezhin Meadow	director	Sergei Eisenstein
Bow Barracks Forever	director	Anjan Dutta
Pilates For Indie Rockers	director	Matt Pizzolo
Yoga For Indie Rockers	director	Matt Pizzolo
Superfantozzi	director	Neri Parenti
Bonded Parallels	director	Hovhannes Galstyan
The Day the World Ended	director	Terence Gross
Thottal Poo Malarum	director	P. Vasu
Crooks in Cloisters	director	Jeremy Summers
Fantozzi contro tutti	director	Neri Parenti
Fantozzi contro tutti	director	Paolo Villaggio
Fantozzi 2000 – La clonazione	director	Domenico Saverni
Futurama: The Beast with a Billion Backs	director	Peter Avanzino
Futurama: Into the Wild Green Yonder	director	Peter Avanzino
Futurama: Bender's Game	director	Dwayne Carey-Hill
Blood Brothers (2007 film)	director	Alexi Tan
Reasonable Doubt (1936 film)	director	George King (film director)
Sabse Bada Khiladi	director	Umesh Mehra
No Exit (The 4400)	director	Tony Westman
It Grows on Trees	director	Arthur Lubin
The Rum Diary (film)	director	Bruce Robinson
Ranmuthu Duwa	director	Mike Wilson(director)
Der Hauptmann von Köpenick (1931 film)	director	Richard Oswald
Better Luck Next Time (The Outer Limits)	director	Martin Cummins
Imagination (film)	director	Eric Leiser
The Accompanist	director	Claude Miller
A League of Their Own (Ugly Betty)	director	Wendey Stanzler
Just Between Friends	director	Allan Burns
No Nukes (film)	director	Daniel Goldberg
No Nukes (film)	director	Anthony Potenza
Telstar (film)	director	Nick Moran
InAlienable	director	Robert Dyke
The Last Page	director	Terence Fisher
Saptha Kanya	director	H. D. Premaratne
Merrill's Marauders (film)	director	Samuel Fuller
The Lost World (1992 film)	director	Timothy Bond
Country Hotel	director	Rattana Pestonji
Torment (film)	director	Alf Sjöberg
El Cochecito	director	Marco Ferreri
Confess (film)	director	Stefan Schaefer
Marching Out of Time	director	Anton Vassil
La prima Angélica	director	Carlos Saura
El jardín de las delicias	director	Carlos Saura
Plácido	director	Luis García Berlanga
Voyage to Nowhere	director	Fernando Fernán Gómez
Distant Journey (film)	director	Alfréd Radok
Destiny in Space	director	Ben Burtt
Destiny in Space	director	Phyllis Ferguson
Destiny in Space	director	James Neihouse
Destiny in Space	director	Gail Singer
Minister Fatakeshto	director	Swapan Saha
Rosebud (film)	director	Otto Preminger
Between Wars	director	Michael Thornhill
Gladiator (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Garth Maxwell
The Story of Chaim Rumkowski and the Jews of Lodz	director	Peter Cohen
The Story of Chaim Rumkowski and the Jews of Lodz	director	Bo Kuritzen
The Forgotten Ones	director	Roel Reiné
Atraco a las tres	director	José María Forqué
Sugar Is Not Sweet	director	Rattana Pestonji
My Good Name	director	Alex Zakrzewski
Mi calle	director	Edgar Neville
El extraño viaje	director	Fernando Fernán Gómez
Ana and the Wolves	director	Carlos Saura
On the Beat (1962 film)	director	Robert Asher
Mamá cumple cien años	director	Carlos Saura
Elisa, vida mía	director	Carlos Saura
The Great Day	director	Hugh Ford
Dark Heaven	director	Rattana Pestonji
Kyun Tum Say Itna Pyar Hai	director	Ajab Gul
Before the Music Dies	director	Andrew Shapter
Black Silk	director	Rattana Pestonji
Mrigayaa	director	Mrinal Sen
Assault at West Point: The Court-Martial of Johnson Whittaker	director	Harry Moses
Dream Cruise	director	Tsuruta Norio
Taking Off (film)	director	Miloš Forman
Arranged (film)	director	Diane Crespo
Arranged (film)	director	Stefan Schaefer
Mi querida señorita	director	Jaime de Armiñán
The Nest (1980 film)	director	Jaime de Armiñán
Asignatura pendiente	director	José Luis Garci
Once Upon a Honeymoon	director	Leo McCarey
El diputado	director	Eloy de la Iglesia
Long Vacations of 36	director	Jaime Camino
Munro (film)	director	Gene Deitch
Los jueves, milagro	director	Luis García Berlanga
Miracles (1986 film)	director	Jim Kouf
Le Plaisir	director	Max Ophüls
Off Beat (film)	director	Michael Dinner
Lola Montès	director	Max Ophüls
Liebelei (film)	director	Max Ophüls
Prey (2009 film)	director	George T. Miller
The Exile (1947 film)	director	Max Ophüls
Shooting Stars (CSI)	director	Danny Cannon
The Vanishing Dead	director	Bruce Campbell
Dance Dance (film)	director	Babbar Subhash
Ramayana: The Legend of Prince Rama	director	Yugo Sako
Flypaper (1997 film)	director	Klaus Hoch
Mujrim	director	Umesh Mehra
The Wagons Roll at Night	director	Ray Enright
The Gauntlet (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Jack Perez
Parashuram (film)	director	V. Somashekhar
Historias de la radio	director	José Luis Sáenz de Heredia
El clavo	director	Rafael Gil
El destino se disculpa	director	José Luis Sáenz de Heredia
Arizona (1940 film)	director	Wesley Ruggles
Locura de amor	director	Juan de Orduña
Love Can Seriously Damage Your Health	director	Manuel Gómez Pereira
Unchained Heart	director	Bruce Seth Green
Wild Side (2004 film)	director	Sébastien Lifshitz
The Young Mr Pitt	director	Carol Reed
The Stars Look Down (film)	director	Carol Reed
Peoria Babylon	director	Steven Diller
Alice et Martin	director	André Téchiné
Topper Returns	director	Roy Del Ruth
Topper Takes a Trip	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Spivs (film)	director	Colin Teague
Letters to Laugh-In	director	Alan J. Levi
The Sorcerer's Apprentice (2010 film)	director	Jon Turteltaub
Radioactive Dreams	director	Albert Pyun
Sweet Liberty	director	Alan Alda
Goodbye Charlie	director	Vincente Minnelli
Judgment Day (The Outer Limits)	director	Brad Turner (director)
Trouble in Mind (film)	director	Alan Rudolph
A Man Betrayed (1941 film)	director	John H. Auer
Lady from Louisiana	director	Bernard Vorhaus
Turtle Diary	director	John Irvin
Lady for a Night	director	Leigh Jason
A Lady Takes a Chance	director	William A. Seiter
Sky West and Crooked	director	John Mills
Party Down	director	Fred Savage
Party Down	director	Bryan Gordon
The King of Thieves	director	Doug Lefler
Dakota (film)	director	Joseph Kane
Tycoon (1947 film)	director	Richard Wallace (director)
I Married a Woman	director	Hal Kanter
Sexy Sluts: Been There, Done That	director	Necro (rapper)
Woman Without a Face	director	Gustaf Molander
Eva (1948 film)	director	Gustaf Molander
While the City Sleeps (1950 film)	director	Lars-Eric Kjellgren
Yeh Hui Na Mardon Wali Baat	director	Farjad Nabi
Yeh Hui Na Mardon Wali Baat	director	Mazhar Zaidi
Das Spielzeug von Paris	director	Michael Curtiz
White Girl	director	Hettie MacDonald
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 5	director	Bob Clampett
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 5	director	Friz Freleng
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 5	director	Chuck Jones
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 5	director	Hawley Pratt
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 5	director	Frank Tashlin
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 5	director	Tex Avery
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 5	director	Robert McKimson
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 5	director	Tom Palmer (animator)
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 5	director	Jack King (animator)
Aloha Summer	director	Tommy Lee Wallace
Amsterdamned	director	Dick Maas
Eyewitness (1981 film)	director	Peter Yates
Earth vs. The Radiators: the First 25 (film)	director	Geoffrey Hanson
Mad City (film)	director	Costa-Gavras
Luxury Car (film)	director	Wang Chao (director)
The Blue Iguana	director	John Lafia
The Boost	director	Harold Becker
Burning Secret	director	Andrew Birkin
Call Me (film)	director	Sollace Mitchell
Candy Mountain	director	Robert Frank
Candy Mountain	director	Rudy Wurlitzer
The Cat Came Back (1988 film)	director	Cordell Barker
City Girl	director	F. W. Murnau
Light Years Away	director	Alain Tanner
A Home on the Range	director	Bonnie Burt
A Home on the Range	director	Judith Montell
Go Further	director	Ron Mann
Silent Light	director	Carlos Reygadas
Nuts in May (film)	director	Robin Williamson (director)
Haseena Wrong Number	director	Nasir Chinuti
Starcrossed (Justice League episode)	director	Butch Lukic
The Chocolate War (film)	director	Keith Gordon
Dog Eat Dog (CSI)	director	Duane Clark
Still Life (CSI)	director	Richard J. Lewis
The Storm (2008 film)	director	Ross Birchall
Woh Rehne Waali Mehlon Ki	director	Kaushik Ghatak
Woh Rehne Waali Mehlon Ki	director	Sujeet Singh
Woh Rehne Waali Mehlon Ki	director	Vikram Ghai
Rancho Deluxe	director	Frank Perry
Gabriel (film)	director	Shane Abbess
The Red and the Black (The X-Files)	director	Chris Carter (screenwriter)
Travelers (The X-Files)	director	William Graham
Welcome to Hard Times (film)	director	Burt Kennedy
Aurat Aurat Aurat	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Black Water (film)	director	Andrew Traucki
Black Water (film)	director	David Nerlich
Massacre in Rome	director	George P. Cosmatos
El bosque del lobo	director	Pedro Olea
Siege at Naxos	director	Stephen Posey
Garibaldi (film)	director	Roberto Rossellini
The Lady Without Camelias	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Sicilia!	director	Straub-Huillet
Sicilia!	director	Straub-Huillet
Paradise Camp	director	Frank Heimans
Offside (2006 Swedish film)	director	Mårten Klingberg
The Perfect Murder (film)	director	Zafar Hai
Safe Passage (film)	director	Robert Allan Ackerman
Vägen ut	director	Daniel Lind Lagerlöf
Outcast (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Bruce Seth Green
The Gun (The Outer Limits)	director	Jeff Woolnough
Marion's Triumph	director	John Chua
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum (film)	director	Richard Lester
The Boys from County Clare	director	John Irvin
Luther (1973 film)	director	Guy Green (filmmaker)
Junoon (1992 film)	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Mariana de la Noche	director	Edgar Ramírez
Mariana de la Noche	director	Miguel Córcega
881 (film)	director	Royston Tan
Thor (film)	director	Kenneth Branagh
Madeinusa	director	Claudia Llosa
The Kentuckian	director	Burt Lancaster
Avanim	director	Raphael Nadjari
Ten Tall Men	director	Willis Goldbeck
Gardener of Eden	director	Kevin Connolly (actor)
Valdez Is Coming	director	Edwin Sherin
Dhamaal	director	Indra Kumar
Valu – the bull	director	Umesh Kulkarni
Yidl Mitn Fidl	director	Joseph Green (actor)
Yidl Mitn Fidl	director	Jan Nowina-Przybylski
Rescue (TV series)	director	Paul Berriff
The Return of Count Yorga	director	Bob Kelljan
Samskara (film)	director	Pattabhirami Reddy Tikkavarapu
The Land Before Time XIII: The Wisdom of Friends	director	Jamie Mitchell (director)
Pukar (2000 film)	director	Rajkumar Santoshi
Me and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas	director	Mark Cendrowski
...All the Marbles	director	Robert Aldrich
Armageddon Now	director	Mark Beesley (director)
From Swastika to Jim Crow	director	Lori Cheatle
From Swastika to Jim Crow	director	Martin D. Toub
Zina (film)	director	Ken McMullen (film director)
Under the Broken Sky	director	Jim Contner
Silver City (1984 film)	director	Sophia Turkiewicz
Susan's Plan	director	John Landis
Amarte es mi Pecado	director	Benjamín Cann
Lars and the Real Girl	director	Craig Gillespie
Lightning Jack	director	Simon Wincer
Dulcinea (film)	director	Vicente Escrivá
Exils	director	Tony Gatlif
Sardari Begum	director	Shyam Benegal
Bye Bye Africa	director	Mahamat Saleh Haroun
Monrak luk thung	director	Rungsri Tassanapuk
The Crane	director	Phil O'Shea
House of Angels	director	Colin Nutley
Kismat Konnection	director	Aziz Mirza
Pola's March	director	Jonathan Gruber (filmmaker)
Adventures of Sir Galahad	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Beat (2000 film)	director	Gary Walkow
Doraemon: Nobita and the Birth of Japan	director	Ranma ½
Divorced (film)	director	Gustaf Molander
Last Pair Out	director	Alf Sjöberg
Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins	director	Malcolm D. Lee
Hi-De-Ho (1947 film)	director	Josh Binney
Bagets (film series)	director	Maryo J. delos Reyes
Bagets (film series)  Bagets 2   1	director	Maryo J. delos Reyes
Baby Mama (film)	director	Michael McCullers
Pest from the West	director	Del Lord
Buster Keaton Rides Again	director	John Spotton
The Mother of All Monsters	director	Bruce Seth Green
University Heights (film)	director	Scott Beck
Aviv (2003 film)	director	Tomer Heymann
Qafqaz və Merkuri cəmiyyətinin paroxodunun limandan yola düşməsi	director	Alexandre Michon
Balaxanı-Sabunçu polis idarəsi süvari qorodovoyların at oynatmaları	director	Alexandre Michon
The Oil Gush Fire in Bibiheybat	director	Alexandre Michon
One Nine Nine Four	director	Jai Al-Attas
Mina Tannenbaum	director	Martine Dugowson
Journey to the Seventh Planet	director	Sidney W. Pink
The Cloth Peddler (1917 film)	director	Boris Svetlov
Living Goddess (film)	director	Ishbel Whitaker
Along Came Jones (film)	director	Stuart Heisler
Eaten Alive!	director	Umberto Lenzi
Wonderland (1999 film)	director	Michael Winterbottom
Farewell Ceremony for His Magesty Emir of Bukhara on "Velikiy Kniaz Alexei" Steamboat	director	Alexandre Michon
The Folk Dance of Caucasus	director	Alexandre Michon
The Life of Bakuvians and Their Movement Along the Velikokniaz Avenue	director	Q. Matye
Train Entering the Railroad Station	director	Alexandre Michon
Şəhər bağında xalq gəzintisi	director	Alexandre Michon
Bakuvians Walk in the City Park	director	Q. Matye
Descent (2007 film)	director	Talia Lugacy
Los Tres Huastecos	director	Ismael Rodríguez
Mi Destino Eres Tú	director	Miguel Córcega
Le Amiche	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Nosotros los pobres	director	Ismael Rodríguez
A Gentleman of Paris (1927 film)	director	Harry d'Abbadie d'Arrast
The Pleasure Garden (1961 film)	director	Alf Kjellin
Goodbye Charlie Bright	director	Nick Love
Sunday's Children	director	Daniel Bergman
Private Confessions	director	Liv Ullmann
The Last Legion	director	Doug Lefler
Sweden: Heaven and Hell	director	Luigi Scattini
Secrets and Flies	director	Terrence O'Hara
Werewolves (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
Pilot (Californication)	director	Stephen Hopkins (director)
Shoot a Crooked Arrow	director	Sherman Marks
Song of the Exile	director	Ann Hui
Walk the Straight and Narrow	director	Sherman Marks
Calliope (TV series)	director	Peter Pileski
Surogat	director	Dušan Vukotić
Commandos Strike at Dawn	director	John Farrow
Bahaddur Gandu	director	Vijay
A Girl, Three Guys, and a Gun	director	Brent Florence
Lobo (TV series)	director	Cathy Garcia Molina
Pepo (film)	director	Hamo Beknazarian
Pepo (film)	director	Armen Gulakyan
8 x 10 Tasveer	director	Nagesh Kukunoor
Bandh Darwaza	director	Shyam Ramsay
Intruders (miniseries)	director	Dan Curtis
The Scarlet Coat	director	John Sturges
Matouqin Nocturne	director	Takeo Kimura
The ChubbChubbs Save Xmas	director	Cody Cameron
The Other Side (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	George Mendeluk
The Story of PuPu	director	Kensaku Watanabe
State of Play (film)	director	Kevin Macdonald (director)
The Gay Bride	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Gambling Lady	director	Archie Mayo
Spitfire (1934 film)	director	John Cromwell (director)
The Night Riders (1939 film)	director	George Sherman
Bajo el Cielo Antioqueño	director	Arturo Acevedo Vallarino
El Amor, el Deber y el Crimen	director	Vincenzo di Doménico
El Amor, el Deber y el Crimen	director	Pedro Moreno Garzón
Vijaypath	director	Farouq Siddique
Kaafila	director	Ammtoje Mann
The Grand (film)	director	Zak Penn
The Shepherd of the Hills (film)	director	Henry Hathaway
Pin (film)	director	Sandor Stern
Kamen Rider Ryuki: Episode Final	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Penthouse (film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Society Lawyer	director	Edwin L. Marin
Hot Stuff (1979 film)	director	Dom DeLuise
Who's Got Game?	director	Michael Applebaum
Parlor, Bedroom and Bath	director	Edward Sedgwick
What Goes on Tour	director	Paul Simms
Daddy's Little Girl (The 4400)	director	Nick Copus
Meet Nero Wolfe	director	Herbert Biberman
The Princess Academy	director	Bruce A. Block
Towelhead (film)	director	Alan Ball (screenwriter)
Árvácska	director	László Ranódy
Two Years Before the Mast (film)	director	John Farrow
O.S.S. (film)	director	Irving Pichel
The Glass Key (1942 film)	director	Stuart Heisler
Whispering Smith	director	Leslie Fenton
Dead Like Me: Life After Death	director	Stephen Herek
Clearcut (film)	director	Ryszard Bugajski
SiS (TV series)	director	Louie Ignacio
Black Tar Heroin (film)	director	Steven Okazaki
The Deal (2008 film)	director	Steven Schachter
The New Adventures of the Elusive Avengers	director	Edmond Keosayan
Crónicas	director	Sebastián Cordero
The Crown of the Russian Empire, or Once Again the Elusive Avengers	director	Edmond Keosayan
Shadows of Memory	director	Claudia von Alemann
The Tale of Despereaux (film)	director	Sam Fell
Say Amen	director	David Deri
Chicken Soup (TV series)	director	Terry Hughes (director)
Chicken Soup (TV series)	director	Alan Rafkin
Wolf (TV series)	director	Bill Corcoran
Wolf (TV series)	director	Rod Holcomb
Beggars and Choosers (TV series)	director	Fred Gerber
Beggars and Choosers (TV series)	director	Joanna Kerns
Beggars and Choosers (TV series)	director	Richard J. Lewis
Beggars and Choosers (TV series)	director	Stuart Margolin
Beggars and Choosers (TV series)	director	George Mendeluk
Beggars and Choosers (TV series)	director	Ron Oliver
Beggars and Choosers (TV series)	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Beggars and Choosers (TV series)	director	Helen Shaver
Beggars and Choosers (TV series)	director	Sandy Smolan
Beggars and Choosers (TV series)	director	Anne Wheeler
One of Us (The 4400)	director	Scott Peters (writer)
Self Medicated	director	Monty Lapica
Reconstruction (2001 film)	director	Irene Lusztig
Breaking Point (The Outer Limits)	director	Neill Fearnley
Love Story (SAB TV series)	director	Anurag Basu
Mon fils à moi	director	Martial Fougeron
Sinbad: Beyond the Veil of Mists	director	Alan Jacobs
Humanité	director	Bruno Dumont
Dino: World Premiere Toons	director	Joseph Barbera
Hannah Montana: The Movie	director	Peter Chelsom
The Heights (TV series)	director	Sandy Smolan
The Burrowers	director	J. T. Petty
Oh, God! Book II	director	Gilbert Cates
Double Fattiness	director	John Chiang (actor)
Kuruvi	director	S. Dharani
Hank's Cowboy Movie	director	Shaun Cashman
Resistance (film)	director	Todd Komarnicki
Tom and Jerry: Blast Off to Mars	director	Bill Kopp
Phffft!	director	Mark Robson
Three for the Show	director	H. C. Potter
Operation Mad Ball	director	Richard Quine
Sun Dogs (film)	director	Andrea Stewart
It's Hard to be Nice	director	Srđan Vuletić
Cavite (film)	director	Neill Dela Llana
Cavite (film)	director	Ian Gamazon
Hugo (film)	director	Martin Scorsese
A Hungarian Fairy Tale	director	Gyula Gazdag
Muriel (film)	director	Alain Resnais
Cash and Curry (film)	director	Sarjit Bains
Escape from East Berlin	director	Robert Siodmak
Berkeley (film)	director	Bobby Roth
Midnight Ramble (film)	director	Pearl Bowser
Midnight Ramble (film)	director	Bestor Cram
Gabriel & Me	director	Udayan Prasad
Shanghai Dreams	director	Wang Xiaoshuai
Hamari Bahu Alka	director	Basu Chatterjee
Harlem on the Prairie (film)	director	Sam Newfield
Harlem on the Prairie (film)	director	Jed Buell
Bustin' Loose (TV series)	director	Marlene Laird
Bustin' Loose (TV series)	director	Bob Lally
Bustin' Loose (TV series)	director	Alan Myerson
Transportation of Coal	director	Vasil Amashukeli
Seaside Walk	director	Vasil Amashukeli
Work at Oil Derricks	director	Vasil Amashukeli
Oil Extraction (film)	director	Vasil Amashukeli
Big!	director	Alan LaGarde
Types of Bakuvian Bazaars	director	Vasil Amashukeli
Vento del sud	director	Enzo Provenzale
Three Strangers in Rome	director	Claudio Gora
The Sting of Death	director	Kōhei Oguri
Sierra Leone's Refugee All Stars (film)	director	Zach Niles
Sierra Leone's Refugee All Stars (film)	director	Banker White
Un maledetto imbroglio	director	Pietro Germi
Audace colpo dei soliti ignoti	director	Nanni Loy
Stella (1990 film)	director	John Erman
I Delfini	director	Francesco Maselli
Il bell'Antonio	director	Mauro Bolognini
Cowboy (1958 film)	director	Delmer Daves
Before the Fall	director	Dennis Gansel
Silk Stockings (film)	director	Rouben Mamoulian
Friendly Persuasion (1975 film)	director	Joseph Sargent
The Jayhawkers!	director	Melvin Frank
Stagecoach (1966 film)	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
No Sleep til Shanghai	director	Todd Angkasuwan
For Pete's Sake (film)	director	Peter Yates
A Little Sex	director	Bruce Paltrow
The Woman on the Beach	director	Jean Renoir
Katyń (film)	director	Andrzej Wajda
The Boston Strangler (film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Lonely Street (film)	director	Peter Ettinger
Vexille	director	Fumihiko Sori
Vera (film)	director	Sérgio Toledo
You Can't Run Away from It	director	Dick Powell
Zombie Holocaust	director	Marino Girolami
The Lady Takes a Sailor	director	Michael Curtiz
The Notorious Landlady	director	Richard Quine
Under the Yum Yum Tree	director	David Swift (director)
Blood Is Not Fresh Water	director	Theo Eshetu
Jellyfish (film)	director	Etgar Keret
To the Last Man (1933 film)	director	Henry Hathaway
Harper Valley PTA (film)	director	Richard C. Bennett
Roberta (1935 film)	director	William A. Seiter
Millennium Mambo	director	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
The Flower of Evil	director	Claude Chabrol
New Fans	director	Taika Waititi
The Actor (Flight of the Conchords)	director	Michael Patrick Jann
To Market, to Market (SATC episode)	director	Michael Patrick King
The Third Conchord	director	James Bobin
The Stone Killer	director	Michael Winner
The Sword of Tipu Sultan	director	Sanjay Khan
Born to Be Wild (film)	director	John Gray (director)
Highway to Hades	director	T.J. Scott
1871 (film)	director	Ken McMullen (film director)
Nazi Agent	director	Jules Dassin
Joaquin Bordado	director	Mac Alejandre
Joaquin Bordado	director	Argel Joseph
The Affairs of Martha	director	Jules Dassin
The Grandfather (1998 film)	director	José Luis Garci
Young Ideas	director	Jules Dassin
All I Want for Christmas (film)	director	Robert Lieberman
Tobacco Road (film)	director	John Ford
Two Smart People	director	Jules Dassin
A Letter for Evie	director	Jules Dassin
Double Agent 73	director	Doris Wishman
Biyaheng Langit	director	Tikoy Aguiluz
I, the Jury (1953 film)	director	Harry Essex
Sisters in Resistance	director	Maia Wechsler
Small Voices	director	Gil Portes
Day One (film)	director	Joseph Sargent
The Man Who Wanted to Kill Himself	director	Rafael Gil
Los últimos de Filipinas	director	Antonio Román
The Battle at Shadow Ridge	director	Michael Grossman
On the Town (film)	director	Gene Kelly
On the Town (film)	director	Stanley Donen
You Are My Sunshine (Miracles episode)	director	Paul Shapiro (director)
Mother's Daughter	director	John Fawcett
Kickboxer 2	director	Albert Pyun
Mooching Through Georgia	director	Jules White
Apni Mitti	director	Krishna Lamba
Word of Mouth (DVD)	director	Kevin Booth
As Luck Would Have It	director	Lorenzo Gabriele
Blood Wedding (1981 film)	director	Carlos Saura
El Amor brujo (1986 film)	director	Carlos Saura
Jimmy, the Boy Wonder	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Knockin' on Heaven's Door (film)	director	Thomas Jahn
He Who Must Die	director	Jules Dassin
The Law (1959 film)	director	Jules Dassin
Annie (film)	director	John Huston
Art Heist	director	Bryan Goeres
Like Two Crocodiles	director	Giacomo Campiotti
Hiram na Mukha (film)	director	Joel Lamangan
Beast of the Yellow Night	director	Eddie Romero
Queen of the Yukon	director	Phil Rosen
In the Battlefields	director	Danielle Arbid
Cipher in the Snow	director	Keith J. Atkinson
Ganga Addara	director	Sumitra Peries
The Pleasure of His Company	director	George Seaton
Virginia's Run	director	Peter Markle
Xiao Wu	director	Jia Zhangke
Bombay to Goa (2007 film)	director	Raj Pendurkar
Darling (2007 Hindi film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Kill the Umpire	director	Lloyd Bacon
KylieFever2002: Live in Manchester	director	William Baker (fashion designer)
KylieFever2002: Live in Manchester	director	Alan McDonald
Sinong Kapiling? Sinong Kasiping?	director	Eddie Romero
Ang Kamay ng Diyos	director	Eddie Romero
Sabas, ang barbaro	director	Eddie Romero
Dead Right (film)	director	Edgar Wright
Gumapang Ka Sa Lusak	director	Lino Brocka
The Adventures of Mimi (video)	director	Sanaa Hamri
The Adventures of Mimi (video)	director	Randy Jackson
Ang Cute Ng Ina Mo	director	Wenn V. Deramas
Popcorn (1991 film)	director	Mark Herrier
Popcorn (1991 film)	director	Alan Ormsby
Outwitting Dad	director	Arthur Hotaling
Hinugot sa Langit	director	Ishmael Bernal
The Particular Cowboys	director	Arthur Hotaling
For Two Pins	director	Arthur Hotaling
A Brewerytown Romance	director	Frank Griffin (director)
The Female Cop	director	Jerold T. Hevener
The Kidnapped Bride	director	Frank Griffin (director)
Worms Will Turn	director	Frank Griffin (director)
The Sword of Veracity	director	Garth Maxwell
Woman of Breakwater	director	Mario O'Hara
Lizards (Heroes)	director	Allan Arkush
The White Tower (film)	director	Ted Tetzlaff
Fire Dragon	director	Chu Yen-ping
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (1928 film)	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
The Last Frontier (serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Last Frontier (serial)	director	Thomas Storey
The Trap (1922 film)	director	Robert Thornby
Down the Shore	director	Matthew Diamond
Down the Shore	director	Terri Minsky
Down the Shore	director	Peter Noah
Down the Shore	director	Rob Schiller
Wendy and Me	director	Richard Crenna
Wendy and Me	director	Gene Reynolds
Wendy and Me	director	Willy Burns
The Strait Story	director	Yu-shan Huang
Awake, My Soul: The Story of the Sacred Harp	director	Erica Hinton
Imitation General	director	George Marshall (director)
Sorry (film)	director	Shin Togashi
Party Girl (TV series)	director	Shelley Jensen
Party Girl (TV series)	director	Michael Lembeck
Party Girl (TV series)	director	Andrew D. Weyman
Party Girl (TV series)	director	Steve Zuckerman
The Gore Gore Girls	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
The Shanghai Document	director	Yakov Bliokh
Heima	director	Dean DeBlois
The Long Island Incident	director	Joseph Sargent
Love from a Stranger (1937 film)	director	Rowland V. Lee
The Green Alarm	director	Frank Griffin (director)
A Fool There Was (1914 film)	director	Frank Griffin (director)
Pins Are Lucky	director	Frank Griffin (director)
When the Ham Turned	director	Frank Griffin (director)
The Smuggler's Daughter	director	Jerold T. Hevener
The Soubrette and the Simp	director	Jerold T. Hevener
The Honor of the Force	director	Frank Griffin (director)
She Was the Other	director	Arthur Hotaling
The Servant Girl's Legacy	director	Arthur Hotaling
Dobs at the Shore	director	Frank Griffin (director)
Victoria No. 203 (2007 film)	director	Anant Mahadevan
The Zodiac Crimes	director	Oscar Rudolph
The Joker's Hard Times	director	Oscar Rudolph
The Devil to Pay! (film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
The Penguin Declines	director	Oscar Rudolph
50 Greatest Comedy Films	director	Sarah Fanthorpe
Golu Hadawatha	director	Lester James Peries
Young Gods (film)	director	Jukka-Pekka Siili
Ángel (film)	director	Jacobo Morales
Ghost in the Machine (The 4400)	director	Morgan Beggs
Patlabor 2: The Movie	director	Mamoru Oshii
Von Richthofen and Brown	director	Roger Corman
Temple Houston (TV series)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Temple Houston (TV series)	director	William Conrad
Temple Houston (TV series)	director	Robert Totten
Temple Houston (TV series)	director	Irving J. Moore
Temple Houston (TV series)	director	Alvin Ganzer
Temple Houston (TV series)	director	Robert D. Webb
Dhol (2007 film)	director	Priyadarshan
Futile Attraction	director	Mark Prebble (director)
Significant Others (1998 TV series)	director	Michael Engler
Significant Others (1998 TV series)	director	George Huang (director)
Significant Others (1998 TV series)	director	Scott Winant
The Tribe (documentary)	director	Tiffany Shlain
The Matchmaker (film)	director	Joseph Anthony
R.E.M. Live	director	Blue Leach
Palattu Koman	director	Kunchacko
Thommanum Makkalum	director	Shafi (director)
You're Only Young Once	director	George B. Seitz
The Con is On	director	Bharat Nalluri
The Sea Gypsies (1978 film)	director	Stewart Raffill
Saving Sarah Cain	director	Michael Landon, Jr.
Normal Life	director	John McNaughton
The Night Heaven Fell	director	Roger Vadim
A Winter Tale	director	Frances-Anne Solomon
Now You Know (Desperate Housewives)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Room for One More (TV series)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Room for One More (TV series)	director	Charles R. Rondeau
The Forgotten Children of Congo	director	Alex Tweddle
The Palace	director	Metin Hüseyin
The Palace	director	Maurice Phillips
McAuliffe-Shepard Discovery Center	director	Jeanne Gerulskis
Father Brown (film)	director	Robert Hamer
Lost Boys: The Tribe	director	P. J. Pesce
Outnumbered	director	Andy Hamilton
Outnumbered	director	Guy Jenkin
Mauvaise Graine	director	Billy Wilder
The New Adventures of J. Rufus Wallingford	director	James Gordon (actor)
The New Adventures of J. Rufus Wallingford	director	Leopold Wharton
The New Adventures of J. Rufus Wallingford	director	Theodore Wharton
Alone (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
What He Forgot	director	Jerold T. Hevener
They Looked Alike	director	Frank Griffin (director)
Spaghetti a la Mode	director	Willard Louis
Cupid's Target	director	Jerold T. Hevener
The Prize Baby	director	Jerold T. Hevener
Spinning Into Butter (film)	director	Mark Brokaw
Safety Worst	director	Jerold T. Hevener
The Twin Sister	director	Arthur Hotaling
Light It Up (film)	director	Craig Bolotin
The Adventures of the Wilderness Family	director	Stewart Raffill
Dimenticare Palermo	director	Francesco Rosi
College Swing	director	Raoul Walsh
Rainbow (1978 film)	director	Jackie Cooper
The Restless Gun	director	Christian Nyby
The Restless Gun	director	Edward Ludwig
The Restless Gun	director	Earl Bellamy
The Enforcer (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	T.J. Scott
This Christmas (film)	director	Preston A. Whitmore II
Flanders (film)	director	Bruno Dumont
The Mourning Forest	director	Naomi Kawase
Windwalker (1981 film)	director	Kieth Merrill
The Tall Man (TV series)	director	Tay Garnett
The Tall Man (TV series)	director	Sidney Lanfield
The Tall Man (TV series)	director	Sydney Pollack
The Tall Man (TV series)	director	Lesley Selander
The Tall Man (TV series)	director	William Witney
Aurat (1940 film)	director	Mehboob Khan
Aurat (1953 film)	director	Bhagwan Das Varma
Sunset at Chaophraya	director	Euthana Mukdasanit
Bombil and Beatrice	director	Kaizad Gustad
Villu (film)	director	Prabhu Deva
Baby (1915 film)	director	Harry Myers
The Shrink Is In	director	Richard Benjamin
Mountain Family Robinson	director	John Cotter
A Lucky Strike	director	Arthur Hotaling
Matilda's Legacy	director	Arthur Hotaling
Lloyd (film)	director	Hector Baron
Fast-Walking	director	James B. Harris
Cannibal King	director	Frank Griffin (director)
Bob (TV series)	director	Dick Martin (comedian)
Bob (TV series)	director	Andrew D. Weyman
Time Out for Rhythm	director	Sidney Salkow
Sacred Ground (1983 film)	director	Charles B. Pierce
Japan (film)	director	Fabien Pruvot
Working Stiffs (TV series)	director	Penny Marshall
Working Stiffs (TV series)	director	Norman Abbott
Working Stiffs (TV series)	director	Greg Antonacci
The Cabin in the Woods	director	Drew Goddard
A*P*E	director	Paul Leder
Hula Girls	director	Lee Sang-il
Jupiter's Darling (film)	director	George Sidney
Not on the Lips	director	Alain Resnais
And Then Came Love	director	Richard Schenkman
Curse of the Faceless Man	director	Edward L. Cahn
Across the Great Divide (film)	director	Stewart Raffill
The Young Victoria	director	Jean-Marc Vallée
The Iron Crown	director	Alessandro Blasetti
Brother John (film)	director	James Goldstone
Under the Sun of Rome	director	Renato Castellani
What Scoundrels Men Are!	director	Mario Camerini
Nicholas Nickleby (2002 film)	director	Douglas McGrath
Parachute Jumper	director	Alfred E. Green
Hank (1965 TV series)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Hank (1965 TV series)	director	Allen Baron
9 (2009 film)	director	Shane Acker
The Spring	director	John Patterson (director)
China Syndrome (The King of Queens)	director	Rob Schiller
Beyond Hatred	director	Olivier Meyrou
The Crazy Clock Maker	director	Jerold T. Hevener
The Midnight Prowlers	director	Bobby Burns
The Midnight Prowlers	director	Walter Stull
Pressing Business	director	Bobby Burns
Pressing Business	director	Walter Stull
Love, Pepper and Sweets	director	Bobby Burns
Love, Pepper and Sweets	director	Walter Stull
Strangled Harmony	director	Bobby Burns
Strangled Harmony	director	Walter Stull
Speed Kings (film)	director	Bobby Burns
Speed Kings (film)	director	Walter Stull
Mixed and Fixed	director	Bobby Burns
Mixed and Fixed	director	Walter Stull
Ups and Downs (1915 film)	director	Bobby Burns
Ups and Downs (1915 film)	director	Walter Stull
This Way Out	director	Bobby Burns
This Way Out	director	Walter Stull
Chickens (film)	director	Bobby Burns
Chickens (film)	director	Walter Stull
Frenzied Finance	director	Bobby Burns
Frenzied Finance	director	Walter Stull
Busted Hearts	director	Bobby Burns
Busted Hearts	director	Walter Stull
Bachke Rehna Re Baba	director	Govind Menon
In extremis (film)	director	Etienne Faure
Shichinin no Tomurai	director	Dankan
Waterborne	director	Ben Rekhi
American Tragedy (film)	director	Lawrence Schiller
Jabberwocky (1971 film)	director	Jan Švankmajer
Hired and Fired	director	Bobby Burns
Hired and Fired	director	Walter Stull
The Lottery Man	director	Leopold Wharton
The Lottery Man	director	Theodore Wharton
Edison Bugg's Invention	director	Jerold T. Hevener
A Terrible Tragedy	director	Jerold T. Hevener
Higher and Higher (film)	director	Tim Whelan
Dante's Inferno (2007 film)	director	Sean Meredith
Everyday People (film)	director	Jim McKay
It Happened in Pikesville	director	Jerold T. Hevener
The Try Out	director	Bobby Burns
The Try Out	director	Walter Stull
The Guilty Ones	director	Oliver Hardy
He Winked and Won	director	Oliver Hardy
Fat and Fickle	director	Oliver Hardy
Steel Toes	director	David Gow
A Shriek in the Night	director	Albert Ray
Tormenta en el paraíso	director	Aurelio Ávila
Tormenta en el paraíso	director	Gilberto Macin
We Are All Murderers	director	André Cayatte
Something to Live for: The Alison Gertz Story	director	Tom McLoughlin
The Boycotted Baby	director	Oliver Hardy
The Love Bugs	director	Oliver Hardy
The Neon Bible (film)	director	Terence Davies
The Other Girl	director	Oliver Hardy
A Mix Up in Hearts	director	Oliver Hardy
Wanted – A Bad Man	director	Oliver Hardy
Back Stage (1917 film)	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
GMA Supershow	director	Al Quinn
The Biggest Geno	director	Masanori Hata
Raqeeb	director	Anurag Singh
A Throw of Dice	director	Franz Osten
The Green Years (film)	director	Victor Saville
The Hero (1917 film)	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
Dough Nuts	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
Cupid's Rival	director	Billy West (silent film actor)
The Millionaire (1917 film)	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
Knave of Hearts (film)	director	René Clément
The Goat (1917 film)	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
The Harlem Globetrotters on Gilligan's Island	director	Peter Baldwin
The Fly Cop	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
The Chief Cook	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
The Candy Kid	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
Arasangam	director	Ramana Madhesh
The Hobo	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
The Pest (1917 film)	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
The Band Master	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
The Slave (film)	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
Service for Ladies	director	Alexander Korda
Lost Continent (1954 film)	director	Enrico Gras
Lost Continent (1954 film)	director	Giorgio Moser
Lost Continent (1954 film)	director	Leonardo Bonzi
The Deep End of the Ocean (film)	director	Ulu Grosbard
Harry + Max	director	Christopher Münch
Fighter (2000 film)	director	Amir Bar-Lev
The Bandit (1996 film)	director	Yavuz Turgul
Privilege (film)	director	Peter Watkins
Super Smash Bros. Brawl	director	Masahiro Sakurai
Marley & Me (film)	director	David Frankel
Heavenly Daze	director	Jules White
The Ugly Swans (film)	director	Konstantin Lopushansky
Heart of the City (TV series)	director	Michael Zinberg
Bedlam in Paradise	director	Jules White
Feel the Noise	director	Alejandro Chomski
William and Mary (TV series)	director	Matthew Evans
William and Mary (TV series)	director	Jean Stewart
King Dinosaur	director	Bert I. Gordon
Włatcy móch	director	Bartosz Kędzierski
Le Carnaval des vérités	director	Marcel L'Herbier
La Fête espagnole	director	Germaine Dulac
L'Homme du large	director	Marcel L'Herbier
Barrabas (film)	director	Louis Feuillade
Les Trois Mousquetaires	director	Henri Diamant-Berger
Crainquebille	director	Jacques Feyder
La calle sin sol	director	Rafael Gil
Los Tarantos	director	Francisco Rovira Beleta
Operación Ogro (film)	director	Gillo Pontecorvo
The Damned (1963 film)	director	Joseph Losey
The Stranger (1918 film)	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
Bright and Early	director	Charley Chase
The Rogue	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
His Day Out	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
A Woman of Substance (mini-series)	director	Don Sharp
Ehsaas	director	Raman Kumar
Au-delà des lois humaines	director	Marcel Dumont
Au-delà des lois humaines	director	Gaston Roudès
Champi-Tortu	director	Jacques de Baroncelli
Être aimé pour soi-même	director	Robert Péguy
We Are the Faithful	director	Michael Koch (film director)
Genghis Khan (1965 film)	director	Henry Levin
Secret Diary of a Call Girl	director	Susan Tully
Pilot (Back to You)	director	James Burrows
The Stone Angel (film)	director	Kari Skogland
Jackée (227 episode)	director	Tony Singletary
Toma (TV series)	director	Alex Grasshoff
Toma (TV series)	director	Jeannot Szwarc
The Situation (film)	director	Philip Haas
Damini – Lightning	director	Rajkumar Santoshi
De la coupe aux lèvres	director	Guy du Fresnay
Ricky Sprocket: Showbiz Boy	director	Josh Mepham
Ricky Sprocket: Showbiz Boy	director	Alison Snowden
Ricky Sprocket: Showbiz Boy	director	David Fine
Flipotte	director	Jacques de Baroncelli
The Final Winter	director	Brian Andrews
The Final Winter	director	Jane Forrest
The Texan (TV series)	director	George Archainbaud
The Texan (TV series)	director	Felix E. Feist
The Texan (TV series)	director	Erle C. Kenton
Al sur de Granada	director	Fernando Colomo
Sulang Kirilli	director	Inoka Sathyangani
I Witness	director	Rowdy Herrington
The Orderly	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
The Scholar (film)	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
The Messenger (1918 film)	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
The Handy Man (1918 film)	director	Charley Chase
The Straight and Narrow	director	Charley Chase
Playmates (1918 film)	director	Charley Chase
Beauties in Distress	director	Charley Chase
Business Before Honesty	director	Charley Chase
Frontier Circus	director	Tay Garnett
Frontier Circus	director	William Witney
Razor Blade Smile	director	Jake West
A Successful Calamity	director	John G. Adolfi
The Passion of Ayn Rand (film)	director	Christopher Menaul
The Night the Cylons Landed	director	Sigmund Neufeld Jr.
The Night the Cylons Landed	director	Barry Crane
Anecdote (1989 film)	director	Yefim Abramov
Anecdote (1989 film)	director	Nizami Musayev
The Scoundrel (1988 film)	director	Vagif Mustafayev
Folie a Deux (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
The End (The X-Files)	director	R. W. Goodwin
A River Somewhere	director	Tom Gleisner
A River Somewhere	director	Rob Sitch
Chanakya (TV series)	director	Chandraprakash Dwivedi
Inaam Dus Hazaar	director	Jyotin Goel
Wekande Walauwa	director	Lester James Peries
Hello Trouble	director	Charley Chase
Painless Love	director	Charley Chase
The King of the Kitchen	director	Frank Griffin (director)
He's in Again	director	Charley Chase
The Early Bird	director	Robert Asher
Hop, the Bellhop	director	Charley Chase
Lions and Ladies	director	Frank Griffin (director)
Last of the Mobile Hot Shots	director	Sidney Lumet
Hearts in Hock	director	Charley Chase
Cab Calloway's Hi-De-Ho	director	Fred Waller
Phobia (film)	director	John Huston
Definitely, Maybe	director	Adam Brooks (filmmaker)
Bunyan and Babe	director	Tony Bancroft
Bunyan and Babe	director	Jim Rygiel
The April Fools	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Stowaway in the Sky	director	Albert Lamorisse
Fire Down Below (1957 film)	director	Robert Parrish
Patriotism (film)	director	Yukio Mishima
Loins of Punjab Presents	director	Manish Acharya
De Collega's	director	Jan Matterne
De Collega's	director	Vincent Rouffaer
I Want You (1998 film)	director	Michael Winterbottom
Alien Love Triangle	director	Danny Boyle
Beck – The Money Man	director	Harald Hamrell
Beck – Hämndens pris	director	Kjell Sundvall
The Substitute 2: School's Out	director	Steven Pearl
Suurte Masinate Muusika	director	Question mark
Silsiilay	director	Khalid Mohamed
Half Moon (film)	director	Bahman Ghobadi
Robert S. Strauss Center for International Security and Law	director	Francis J. Gavin
Eight (1998 film)	director	Stephen Daldry
Fuego (2007 film)	director	Damian Chapa
Tootsies and Tamales	director	Noel M. Smith
Healthy and Happy	director	Noel M. Smith
Flips and Flops	director	Gilbert Pratt
Yaps and Yokels	director	Noel M. Smith
Mates and Models	director	Noel M. Smith
Dull Care	director	Larry Semon
Lobster Man From Mars	director	Stanley Sheff
Cosmic Zoom	director	Eva Szasz
Shanghai Kiss	director	David Ren
Killer Diller (1948 film)	director	Josh Binney
Coney Island (1917 film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Crutch (film)	director	Rob Moretti
Bangkok Haunted	director	Pisut Praesangeam
Squabs and Squabbles	director	Noel M. Smith
Bungs and Bunglers	director	Noel M. Smith
The Head Waiter	director	Larry Semon
Switches and Sweeties	director	Noel M. Smith
2 Days in Paris	director	Julie Delpy
Pyaar Ka Mandir	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
Bad Channels (film)	director	Ted Niclaou
Dollman vs. Demonic Toys	director	Charles Band
Dames and Dentists	director	Noel M. Smith
Maids and Muslin	director	Noel M. Smith
Squeaks and Squawks	director	Noel M. Smith
Distilled Love	director	Vin Moore
Distilled Love	director	Richard Smith (silent film director)
Girls in Prison	director	Edward L. Cahn
Fists and Fodder	director	Jess Robbins
Hello Friend	director	Graham Linehan
Men in Black III	director	Barry Sonnenfeld
Once a Hero (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Robert Tapert
Pals and Pugs	director	Jess Robbins
He Laughs Last	director	Jess Robbins
Springtime (1920 film)	director	Jess Robbins
The Decorator	director	Jess Robbins
The Stage Hand	director	Larry Semon
The Stage Hand	director	Norman Taurog
One Take Only	director	Pang brothers
Dillagi (1978 film)	director	Basu Chatterjee
The Sign of Venus	director	Dino Risi
King Lear (1987 film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Friday the 13th (2009 film)	director	Marcus Nispel
KateModern	director	EQAL#Miles Beckett
KateModern	director	Luke Taylor
KateModern	director	Gavin Rowe
Heedless Hearts	director	Peter Ellis (director)
Too Bad She's Bad	director	Alessandro Blasetti
Four Steps in the Clouds	director	Alessandro Blasetti
Everybody's Woman	director	Max Ophüls
Commuter Husbands	director	Derek Ford
Married to Order	director	Charley Chase
The Trouble Hunter	director	Jess Robbins
His Jonah Day	director	Jess Robbins
The Backyard	director	Jess Robbins
The Nuisance	director	Jess Robbins
The Mysterious Stranger (film)	director	Jess Robbins
The Blizzard (1921 film)	director	Jess Robbins
The Bakery	director	Larry Semon
The Bakery	director	Norman Taurog
The Rent Collector	director	Larry Semon
The Rent Collector	director	Norman Taurog
The Tourist (1921 film)	director	Jess Robbins
The Fall Guy (film)	director	Larry Semon
The Fall Guy (film)	director	Norman Taurog
The Bell Hop	director	Larry Semon
The Bell Hop	director	Norman Taurog
Poveri ma belli	director	Dino Risi
The Return of the Borrowers	director	John Henderson (director)
Ab-normal Beauty	director	Pang brothers
The Sawmill	director	Larry Semon
The Sawmill	director	Norman Taurog
The Show (1922 film)	director	Larry Semon
The Show (1922 film)	director	Norman Taurog
A Pair of Kings (film)	director	Larry Semon
A Pair of Kings (film)	director	Norman Taurog
Golf (film)	director	Tom Buckingham
Golf (film)	director	Larry Semon
Call of the Flesh	director	Charles Brabin
Chasing Rainbows	director	Charles Reisner
Children of Pleasure	director	Harry Beaumont
The Agent (film)	director	Tom Buckingham
The Agent (film)	director	Larry Semon
The Counter Jumper	director	Larry Semon
No Wedding Bells	director	Larry Semon
The Barnyard (1923 film)	director	Larry Semon
The Midnight Cabaret	director	Larry Semon
The Gown Shop	director	Larry Semon
The Bachelor Father	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Lightning Love	director	Larry Semon
Horseshoes (film)	director	Larry Semon
Trouble Brewing (1924 film)	director	Larry Semon
Little Red Flowers	director	Zhang Yuan
École nationale supérieure des arts décoratifs	director	Patrick Raynaud
Graduation (Kim Possible)	director	Steve Loter
Scream Bloody Murder	director	Marc B. Ray
Hotel Chevalier	director	Wes Anderson
Married to It	director	Arthur Hiller
The Mystery of Picasso	director	Henri-Georges Clouzot
Nothing to Lose (2002 film)	director	Danny Pang
Heartlands (film)	director	Damien O'Donnell
Scaramouche (1923 film)	director	Rex Ingram (director)
Leave Me Alone (film)	director	Danny Pang
At Risk	director	Elana K. Pyle
Forest of Death (film)	director	Danny Pang
Chameli Ki Shaadi	director	Basu Chatterjee
The Wackiest Ship in the Army (film)	director	Richard Murphy (screenwriter)
Kabzaa	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Encounters at the End of the World	director	Werner Herzog
The Pajama Game (film)	director	George Abbott
The Pajama Game (film)	director	Stanley Donen
The Girl in the Limousine	director	Larry Semon
The Girl in the Limousine	director	Noel M. Smith
Her Boy Friend	director	Larry Semon
Her Boy Friend	director	Noel M. Smith
Kid Speed	director	Larry Semon
Kid Speed	director	Noel M. Smith
The Architecture of Doom	director	Peter Cohen (director)
Jaadugar	director	Prakash Mehra
Hail Mary (film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Manorama Six Feet Under	director	Navdeep Singh (director)
Torpedo Run	director	Joseph Pevney
The Diary of Anne Frank (TV serial)	director	Jon Jones (director)
Adoration (film)	director	Atom Egoyan
The Wife Swappers	director	Derek Ford
Getting It Right (film)	director	Randal Kleiser
The Client (film)	director	Joel Schumacher
Ballet Shoes (TV serial)	director	Timothy Combe
The Mystery of Edwin Drood (1935 film)	director	Stuart Walker (filmmaker)
The Mystery of Edwin Drood (1993 film)	director	Timothy Forder
The Elite Squad	director	José Padilha
This Old Cub	director	Jeff Santo
Isn't Life Terrible?	director	Leo McCarey
Helvetica (film)	director	Gary Hustwit
Space Croppers	director	Daniel Haller
The Last Drop	director	Colin Teague
Happy Days (2007 film)	director	Sekhar Kammula
Sweet Charity (film)	director	Bob Fosse
Forbidden Priests	director	Denys de La Patellière
Salim Langde Pe Mat Ro	director	Saeed Akhtar Mirza
Yugant	director	Aparna Sen
Dulhe Raja	director	Harmesh Malhotra
Delamu	director	Tian Zhuangzhuang
Jalsa	director	Trivikram Srinivas
The Joke's on You (film)	director	Ralph Ceder
Shalom Abu Bassem	director	Nissim Mossek
Yes, Yes, Nanette	director	Stan Laurel
They All Fall	director	Ralph Ceder
Should Sailors Marry?	director	Jess Robbins
The Perfect Clown	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Running Wild (1992 film)	director	Dee McLachlan
Face à l'Océan	director	René Leprince
Fille du peuple	director	Camille de Morlhon
La folie du doute	director	René Leprince
Le Secret du Lone Star	director	Jacques de Baroncelli
Goodbye Holland	director	Willy Lindwer
L'Homme qui vendit son âme au diable	director	Pierre Caron (director)
Stars (film)	director	Konrad Wolf
Lexington County Museum	director	J.R. Fennell
Les Enfants Terribles (film)	director	Jean-Pierre Melville
Fun Run	director	Greg Daniels
Cours du soir	director	Nicolas Ribowski
Ride with the Devil (TV series)	director	Murray Keane
Illegally Yours	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Dark Ages (TV series)	director	Steve Bendelack
A Fistful of Fingers	director	Edgar Wright
Deadman's Curve	director	Richard Compton
Stop, Look and Listen (film)	director	Larry Semon
Examined Life	director	Astra Taylor
A Bankrupt Honeymoon	director	Lewis Seiler
Wandering Papas	director	Stan Laurel
Bulldog Drummond Strikes Back	director	Roy Del Ruth
Baddegama	director	Lester James Peries
Sostiene Pereira	director	Roberto Faenza
The Organizer	director	Mario Monicelli
The Case of the Howling Dog	director	Alan Crosland
Something to Talk About (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Adam Davidson (director)
The Riddle (film)	director	Brendan Foley
Date with the Angels	director	James V. Kern
The Bill Collector	director	Cristobal Krusen
The Cassandra Cat	director	Vojtěch Jasný
Ben X	director	Nic Balthazar
The Ellen Burstyn Show	director	Sam Weisman
Life Support (film)	director	Nelson George
Eyes of an Angel (film)	director	Robert Harmon
The Little Punker	director	Michael Schaack
East West 101	director	Peter Andrikidis
Io la conoscevo bene	director	Antonio Pietrangeli
Tehzeeb (2003 film)	director	Khalid Mohamed
Il Commissario Pepe	director	Ettore Scola
Sick of It All: The Story So Far	director	Brant Sersen
Tragic Hunt	director	Giuseppe De Santis
Cab Calloway's Jitterbug Party	director	Fred Waller
Fierce People (film)	director	Griffin Dunne
Amy's Orgasm	director	Julie Davis
Dragon Fist	director	Lo Wei
Viimne reliikvia	director	Grigori Kromanov
Saajan Chale Sasural	director	David Dhawan
Madame Mystery	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Madame Mystery	director	Stan Laurel
Silent Lies	director	Peter Kiwitt
Le Bossu (1997 film)	director	Philippe de Broca
The Range Rider	director	George Archainbaud
The Range Rider	director	William A. Berke
The Range Rider	director	Thomas Carr (director)
The Range Rider	director	John English (director)
The Range Rider	director	Wallace Fox
The Range Rider	director	D. Ross Lederman
The Range Rider	director	Frank McDonald
The Range Rider	director	Don McDougall (director)
The Range Rider	director	Ray Nazarro
Mehed ei nuta	director	Sulev Nõmmik
Siin me oleme!	director	Sulev Nõmmik
Noor pensionär	director	Sulev Nõmmik
Bloodstone (1988 film)	director	Dwight H. Little
Barefoot to Herat	director	Majid Majidi
Thirteen Princess Trees	director	Lü Yue
Say It with Babies	director	Fred Guiol
Long Fliv the King	director	Leo McCarey
The Cow's Kimona	director	Fred Guiol
The Cow's Kimona	director	James Parrott
Dante 01	director	Marc Caro
The Gentle Cyclone	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Thundering Fleas	director	Robert F. McGowan
Along Came Auntie	director	Fred Guiol
Along Came Auntie	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Crazy Like a Fox (1926 film)	director	Leo McCarey
Bromo and Juliet	director	Leo McCarey
Be Your Age	director	Leo McCarey
The Nickel-Hopper	director	F. Richard Jones
The Nickel-Hopper	director	Hal Yates
Making Fiends (TV series)	director	Dave Wasson
Buddha Mar Gaya	director	Rahul Rawail
The Duke (film)	director	Philip Spink
Deewana Mastana	director	David Dhawan
Two-Time Mama	director	Fred Guiol
Should Men Walk Home?	director	Leo McCarey
Why Girls Say No	director	Leo McCarey
The Way I Spent the End of the World	director	Cătălin Mitulescu
An Average Little Man	director	Mario Monicelli
Saint Seiya: The Heated Battle of the Gods	director	Kōzō Murashita
Il Mattatore	director	Dino Risi
L'ombrellone	director	Dino Risi
Neon Maniacs (1986 film)	director	Joseph Mangine
Wagon Master	director	John Ford
Midnight Ride (film)	director	Bob Bralver
Mortuary (1983 film)	director	Howard Avedis
Bye Bye Bluebird	director	Katrin Ottarsdóttir
They Wait	director	Ernie Barbarash
Camping del Terrore	director	Ruggero Deodato
Death Valley (1982 film)	director	Dick Richards
Dillinger Is Dead	director	Marco Ferreri
The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael	director	Thomas Clay (director)
The Million Dollar Duck	director	Vincent McEveety
Eye in the Sky (film)	director	Yau Nai-Hoi
Jargo	director	Maria Solrun
The Honorable Mr. Buggs	director	Fred Jackman
Crazy to Act	director	Earle Rodney
Fluttering Hearts	director	James Parrott
The Amazing Mr Blunden	director	Lionel Jeffries
Ammuvagiya Naan	director	Padmamagan
Baby Brother	director	Robert A. McGowan
The Gentle Sex	director	Leslie Howard (actor)
Love 'Em and Feed 'Em	director	Clyde Bruckman
Il vedovo	director	Dino Risi
Whose Zoo?	director	Craig Hutchinson
Huns and Hyphens	director	Larry Semon
Fear (1990 film)	director	Rockne S. O'Bannon
Sällskapsresan 2 – Snowroller	director	Lasse Åberg
Sällskapsresan 2 – Snowroller	director	Peter Hald
S.O.S. – En segelsällskapsresa	director	Lasse Åberg
Hälsoresan – En smal film av stor vikt	director	Lasse Åberg
Pane, amore e...	director	Dino Risi
Bears and Bad Men	director	Larry Semon
Just Rambling Along	director	Hal Roach
Frauds and Frenzies	director	Larry Semon
Do You Love Your Wife?	director	Hal Roach
Hoots Mon! (1919 film)	director	Hal Roach
I Like to Watch	director	Kenneth Fink
The Unusual Suspect	director	Alec Smight
Fay (TV series)	director	Alan Arkin
Fay (TV series)	director	James Burrows
Tiny Machines	director	Allison Liddi-Brown
Young and Dangerous	director	Andrew Lau
Walker Payne	director	Matt Williams (producer)
Captain Mike Across America	director	Michael Moore
Religulous	director	Larry Charles
The Last Time I Saw Archie	director	Jack Webb
Gung Ho! (1943 film)	director	Ray Enright
Sugarfoot (1951 film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
The Great Leap Forward (The 4400)	director	Scott Peters (writer)
Amnèsia	director	Gabriele Salvatores
Pandu Havaldar	director	Dada Kondke
The Man from Snowy River: Arena Spectacular (film)	director	David Atkins
The Man from Snowy River: Arena Spectacular (film)	director	Ignatius Jones
Albela	director	Deepak Sareen
Rampage: The Hillside Strangler Murders	director	Chris Fisher
Mixed Nuts (1922 film)	director	James Parrott
The Great Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok	director	Sam Nelson
The Great Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok	director	Mack V. Wright
Honky Tonk Freeway	director	John Schlesinger
Why Wal-Mart Works; and Why That Drives Some People C-R-A-Z-Y	director	Ron Galloway
Under the Bombs	director	Philippe Aractingi
Link's Crossbow Training	director	Makoto Miyanaga
Pursuit of Equality	director	Mike Shaw
Eve and the Fire Horse	director	Julia Kwan
I See Me, I.C.U.	director	Rodman Flender
29 Palms (film)	director	Leonardo Ricagni
Alvarez Kelly	director	Edward Dmytryk
The Overcoat (1952 film)	director	Alberto Lattuada
Arabikkatha	director	Lal Jose
Klassfesten	director	Måns Herngren
Klassfesten	director	Hannes Holm
Night Train To Murder	director	Joseph McGrath (film director)
The Egg (film)	director	Gilbert Pratt
The Weak-End Party	director	Broncho Billy Anderson
The Pest (1922 film)	director	Broncho Billy Anderson
When Knights Were Cold	director	Broncho Billy Anderson
The Handy Man (1923 film)	director	Robert P. Kerr
Human Trials (The Outer Limits)	director	Brad Turner (director)
The Noon Whistle	director	George Jeske
Sobor on the Blood	director	Ihor Kobryn
The School for Renewable Energy Science	director	Björn Gunnarsson
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle	director	Yuichi Kikuchi
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle	director	Tsugumi Kitaura
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle	director	Hirochika Muraishi
Stop Violence	director	A. K. Sajan
The Engagement Ring	director	Ramiz Azizbeyli
Birthday (1977 film)	director	Rasim Ojagov
Owls' Castle	director	Masahiro Shinoda
He's Just Not That into You (film)	director	Ken Kwapis
Enemies of Happiness	director	Eva Mulvad
Hlemmur (film)	director	Ólafur Sveinsson
Aggar	director	Anant Mahadevan
Heena (TV series)	director	Talat Jani
Dil Dosti Etc	director	Manish Tiwary
White Wings	director	George Jeske
Under Two Jags	director	George Jeske
Pick and Shovel	director	George Jeske
Collars and Cuffs	director	George Jeske
Kill or Cure (1923 film)	director	Scott Pembroke
Gas and Air (film)	director	Scott Pembroke
Oranges and Lemons (film)	director	George Jeske
Cujo (film)	director	Lewis Teague
Three on a Meathook	director	William Girdler
Las Dos Caras de Ana	director	Gaston Tuset
Push (2009 film)	director	Paul McGuigan (filmmaker)
Red Roses and Petrol	director	Tamar Simon Hoffs
The Redneck on Rainey Street	director	Gary McCarver
Junk (film)	director	Atsushi Muroga
Sex and the City (film)	director	Michael Patrick King
Man from Plains	director	Jonathan Demme
Quarterlife	director	Marshall Herskovitz
Quarterlife	director	Eric Stoltz
My Kid Could Paint That	director	Amir Bar-Lev
When He's Not a Stranger	director	John Gray (director)
Sunday (2008 film)	director	Rohit Shetty
Weirdsville	director	Allan Moyle
There's Something About Ashley	director	Scott Speer
Vietnam War Story II	director	David Burton Morris
Vietnam War Story II	director	Jack Sholder
Vietnam War Story II	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
Vietnam War Story II	director	Michael Toshiyuki Uno
Deserving Design	director	Debbie Levin
Sexual Life	director	Ken Kwapis
Prehistoric Women (1967 film)	director	Michael Carreras
Merry-Go-Round (1923 film)	director	Erich von Stroheim
Merry-Go-Round (1923 film)	director	Rupert Julian
Kiss Them for Me (film)	director	Stanley Donen
Snowball Express	director	Norman Tokar
Short Orders	director	Scott Pembroke
Short Orders	director	Hal Roach
A Man About Town	director	George Jeske
Roughest Africa	director	Ralph Ceder
The Whole Truth (1923 film)	director	Ralph Ceder
Save the Ship	director	George Jeske
Save the Ship	director	Hal Roach
The Soilers	director	Ralph Ceder
Porte des Lilas (film)	director	René Clair
Ghost Ship (1952 film)	director	Vernon Sewell
Genealogies of a Crime	director	Raúl Ruiz
The Gentle Gunman	director	Basil Dearden
Role Models	director	David Wain
What the Daisy Said	director	D. W. Griffith
The Vagrant (1992)	director	Chris Walas
Death Race (film)	director	Paul W. S. Anderson
Iceland (film)	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Love Crazy	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Tokyo 10+01	director	Higuchinsky
Cutaway (2000 film)	director	Guy Manos
Shinsengumi (1969 film)	director	Tadashi Sawashima
Sbatti il mostro in prima pagina	director	Marco Bellocchio
Betrayal (1983 film)	director	David Hugh Jones
Jigyaasa	director	Faisal Saif
Saturn in Opposition	director	Ferzan Özpetek
Once You're Born You Can No Longer Hide	director	Marco Tullio Giordana
Ulysses (1955 film)	director	Mario Camerini
Scorching Sands	director	Hal Roach
Mother's Joy	director	Ralph Ceder
April (film)	director	Nanni Moretti
Smithy (1924 film)	director	George Jeske
Smithy (1924 film)	director	Hal Roach
Postage Due	director	George Jeske
Zeb vs. Paprika	director	Ralph Ceder
Brothers Under the Chin	director	Ralph Ceder
Near Dublin	director	Ralph Ceder
Rupert of Hee Haw	director	Scott Pembroke
Wide Open Spaces (1924 film)	director	George Jeske
Docteur Françoise Gailland	director	Jean-Louis Bertucelli
Short Kilts	director	George Jeske
Mandarin Mix-Up	director	Scott Pembroke
Detained (film)	director	Scott Pembroke
Detained (film)	director	Joe Rock
Monsieur Don't Care	director	Scott Pembroke
Monsieur Don't Care	director	Joe Rock
West of Hot Dog	director	Scott Pembroke
West of Hot Dog	director	Joe Rock
Come December	director	Faisal Saif
Derek & Simon	director	Bob Odenkirk
Main Osama	director	Faisal Saif
Adrift in Manhattan	director	Alfredo De Villa
All About Love (2006 film)	director	Joyce E. Bernal
Pilot (Gossip Girl)	director	Mark Piznarski
Cleopatra (2003 film)	director	Eduardo Mignogna
Close to You (film)	director	Cathy Garcia Molina
Mr In-Between	director	Paul Sarossy
Jo (film)	director	Jean Girault
Salsa (1988 film)	director	Boaz Davidson
Underworld U.S.A.	director	Samuel Fuller
Dead Doll	director	Kenneth Fink
Yellowstone (film)	director	Arthur Lubin
Somewhere in Wrong	director	Scott Pembroke
Somewhere in Wrong	director	Joe Rock
Twins (1925 film)	director	Scott Pembroke
Twins (1925 film)	director	Joe Rock
Pie-Eyed	director	Scott Pembroke
Pie-Eyed	director	Joe Rock
The Snow Hawk	director	Scott Pembroke
The Snow Hawk	director	Joe Rock
Navy Blue Days	director	Scott Pembroke
Navy Blue Days	director	Joe Rock
The Sleuth (1925 film)	director	Joe Rock
The Sleuth (1925 film)	director	Harry Sweet
Various Positions (film)	director	Ori Kowarsky
Half a Man (film)	director	Joe Rock
Half a Man (film)	director	Harry Sweet
What's the World Coming To?	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Get 'Em Young	director	Fred Guiol
Get 'Em Young	director	Stan Laurel
On the Front Page	director	James Parrott
Speer und Er	director	Heinrich Breloer
Seeing the World	director	Robert A. McGowan
Seeing the World	director	Robert F. McGowan
Young People Fucking	director	Martin Gero
Eve's Love Letters	director	Leo McCarey
Should Tall Men Marry?	director	Louis J. Gasnier
At the Altar	director	D. W. Griffith
Bill Sharkey's Last Game	director	D. W. Griffith
The Interrogation	director	Jack Webb
Vinayaka Chaviti	director	Samudrala Raghavacharya
Bald: The Making of THX 1138	director	George Lucas
Krishna (2008 film)	director	V. V. Vinayak
The Country Doctor (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
The Curtain Pole	director	D. W. Griffith
A Drunkard's Reformation	director	D. W. Griffith
Fools of Fate	director	D. W. Griffith
Promises (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Stewart Main
The Hessian Renegades	director	D. W. Griffith
King for a Day (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Anson Williams
The Wedding of Alcmene	director	Timothy Bond
The Power (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Charlie Haskell
Timescape (1992 film)	director	David Twohy
Launch Party	director	Ken Whittingham
Mr. Monk Is Up All Night	director	Randall Zisk
Mercenary (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Michael Hurst
The Lost World (1998 film)	director	Bob Keen
Vice Versa (1948 film)	director	Peter Ustinov
My Name Is Fame	director	Lawrence Ah Mon
The Lonely Villa	director	D. W. Griffith
The Night My Number Came Up	director	Les Norman
Mercy (1995 film)	director	Richard Shepard
Heidi (1995 film)	director	Toshiyuki Hiruma Takashi
You I Love	director	Olga Stolpovskaja
You I Love	director	Dmitry Troitsky
Dead Bodies	director	Robert Quinn (director)
Delirious (2006 film)	director	Tom DiCillo
Mr. Flip	director	Broncho Billy Anderson
The Red Man's View	director	D. W. Griffith
Those Awful Hats	director	D. W. Griffith
Ella, él y sus millones	director	Juan de Orduña
La vida empieza a medianoche	director	Juan de Orduña
Bujjigadu	director	Puri Jagannadh
The Adventures of Dollie	director	D. W. Griffith
The Adventures of Dollie	director	Billy Bitzer
Alles is Liefde	director	Joram Lürsen
After Many Years	director	D. W. Griffith
Macbeth (1908 film)	director	J. Stuart Blackton
Rescued from an Eagle's Nest	director	J. Searle Dawley
Doomsday (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Michael Lange
Innocent Sorcerers	director	Andrzej Wajda
Getting Home	director	Zhang Yang (director)
Aashiq Hoon Baharon Ka	director	J. Om Prakash
The House with Closed Shutters	director	D. W. Griffith
Arrebato	director	Ivan Zulueta
Svensson, Svensson	director	Mikael Ekman
Svensson, Svensson	director	Björn Gunnarsson
Pim, pam, pum... ¡fuego!	director	Pedro Olea
In the Border States	director	D. W. Griffith
The Right Stuff (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
The Unchanging Sea	director	D. W. Griffith
Ramona (1910 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Any Mother's Son	director	David Burton Morris
Dr. Steve-O	director	Kara Udell
Dr. Steve-O	director	Danielle Gauffre
Dr. Steve-O	director	Joe Guidry
Alkali Ike's Auto	director	Broncho Billy Anderson
Albert Fish (film)	director	John Borowski
Love Takes a Holiday	director	Charlie Haskell
Joy Division (2007 film)	director	Grant Gee
The Other Side of This Life	director	Michael Grossman
Hider in the House (1989 film)	director	Matthew Patrick (Director)
Smiles of a Summer Night (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Grossman (director)
The Game (Desperate Housewives)	director	Bethany Rooney
Daddy's Little Girl (CSI)	director	Terrence O'Hara
Another Gay Sequel: Gays Gone Wild!	director	Todd Stephens
Umizaru (2004 film)	director	Eiichiro Hasumi
Grizzly Rage	director	David DeCoteau
One of the Hollywood Ten	director	Karl Francis
The Revelator Collection	director	Mark Seliger
I Passed for White	director	Fred M. Wilcox
Mongol (film)	director	Sergei Bodrov
Celluloide (film)	director	Carlo Lizzani
American Standoff	director	Kristi Jacobson
The Battle (1911 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Gospel Hill	director	Giancarlo Esposito
Red Garters (film)	director	George Marshall (director)
Love at First Sight (film)	director	Rezo Esadze
Lost Boundaries	director	Alfred L. Werker
Bose Institute	director	S. Raha
Silent Scream (1990 film)	director	David Hayman
Blinky Bill (film)	director	Yoram Gross
Return to the Lost World	director	Timothy Bond
Vincent and Me	director	Michael Rubbo
Her Crowning Glory	director	Laurence Trimble
His Trust Fulfilled	director	D. W. Griffith
Just Buried	director	Chaz Thorne
His Trust	director	D. W. Griffith
The Lonedale Operator	director	D. W. Griffith
The Manhunter	director	Walter Grauman
The Manhunter	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Dites-lui que je l'aime	director	Claude Miller
Sebastian (1968 film)	director	David Greene (director)
Something Always Happens	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Lover (film)	director	Jean-Jacques Annaud
Grandma's Boy (1922 film)	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Rage in Heaven	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Rage in Heaven	director	Richard Thorpe
Jungle Book: Mowgli's Story	director	Nick Marck
The Whore of Babylon (Californication)	director	Scott Winant
Fear and Loathing at the Fundraiser	director	Michael Lembeck
LOL (Californication)	director	Bart Freundlich
Hell-A Woman	director	Scott Winant
Absinthe Makes the Heart Grow Fonder	director	Ken Whittingham
Girls, Interrupted (Californication)	director	Tucker Gates
Transylvania (film)	director	Tony Gatlif
Beacon Hill (TV series)	director	Fielder Cook
Beacon Hill (TV series)	director	Mel Ferber
One in a Million (season 2)	director	Alet Arzuan
Ruby Gentry	director	King Vidor
The Cat and the Fiddle (film)	director	William K. Howard
The Cat and the Fiddle (film)	director	Sam Wood
Charlie Chan in London	director	Eugene Forde
97 Seconds	director	David Platt (director)
Chuck E. Cheese in the Galaxy 5000	director	David Orr
The Magistrate (film)	director	Luigi Zampa
A Question of Honour	director	Luigi Zampa
Wicked (1998 film)	director	Michael Steinberg
Roaring Years	director	Luigi Zampa
What Shall We Do with Our Old?	director	D. W. Griffith
Varannan vecka	director	Måns Herngren
Varannan vecka	director	Felix Herngren
Varannan vecka	director	Hannes Holm
Next Year in Argentina	director	Jorge Gurvich
Next Year in Argentina	director	Shlomo Slutzky
Two Daughters of Eve	director	D. W. Griffith
Lullaby (2005 film)	director	Adi Arbel
Classe tous risques	director	Claude Sautet
Mummy Dearest	director	Anson Williams
The Richest Girl in the World (1934 film)	director	William A. Seiter
Little Orbit the Astrodog and the Screechers from Outer Space	director	Jean Image
Twenty Million Sweethearts	director	Ray Enright
Daqui P'rá Frente	director	Catarina Ruivo
Mr. Big (film)	director	Tiffany Burns
The Tic Code	director	Gary Winick
Hotel (2001 film)	director	Mike Figgis
The Traffic Policeman	director	Luigi Zampa
The Slayer (film)	director	J. S. Cardone
Satisfaction (film)	director	Joan Freeman
Island of Blood (1982 film)	director	William T. Naud
Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep	director	Tetsuya Nomura
Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days	director	Tetsuya Nomura
Kingdom Hearts coded	director	Tetsuya Nomura
What Time Is It? (film)	director	Ettore Scola
Three Girls from Rome	director	Luciano Emmer
The Christmas Story (Dragnet)	director	Jack Webb
Cimarron City (TV series)	director	Richard Bartlett
Cimarron City (TV series)	director	Abner Biberman
Cimarron City (TV series)	director	John Meredyth Lucas
Repmånad	director	Lasse Åberg
Repmånad	director	Peter Hald
Mackenzie's Raiders	director	Franklin Adreon
Mackenzie's Raiders	director	Abner Biberman
Mackenzie's Raiders	director	Richard Carlson
Mackenzie's Raiders	director	Lew Landers
Blue Puppy	director	Yefim Gamburg
Buckskin (TV series)	director	Earl Bellamy
Buckskin (TV series)	director	Abner Biberman
Buckskin (TV series)	director	John Brahm
Buckskin (TV series)	director	Edward Ludwig
Buckskin (TV series)	director	Fletcher Markle
Thunder Alley	director	Robby Benson
Thunder Alley	director	Andy Cadiff
Thunder Alley	director	Barnet Kellman
The Women (2008 film)	director	Diane English
Silent Scream (1980 film)	director	Denny Harris
Jis Desh Mein Ganga Rehta Hain	director	Mahesh Manjrekar
Meu Tio Matou um Cara	director	Jorge Furtado
Superhero Movie	director	Craig Mazin
A La Cart	director	Richard J.Lewis
Android Apocalypse	director	Paul Ziller
La Señal	director	Ricardo Darín
La Señal	director	Martín Hodara
Unfolding Florence: The Many Lives of Florence Broadhurst	director	Gillian Armstrong
How Is Your Fish Today?	director	Xiaolu Guo
Music Within	director	Steven Sawalich
Hero No. 1	director	David Dhawan
Les Saignantes	director	Jean-Pierre Bekolo
The Ann Sothern Show	director	Richard Whorf
Jimi Hendrix (film)	director	Joe Boyd
Jimi Hendrix (film)	director	John Head
Jimi Hendrix (film)	director	Gary Weis
So Near, Yet so Far	director	D. W. Griffith
A Feud in the Kentucky Hills	director	D. W. Griffith
In the Aisles of the Wild	director	D. W. Griffith
The One She Loved	director	D. W. Griffith
The Painted Lady	director	D. W. Griffith
Imagine: John Lennon	director	Andrew Solt
Engel & Joe	director	Vanessa Jopp
The Final Terror	director	Andrew Davis (film director)
Reform School Girls	director	Tom DeSimone
Nightmare (1981 film)	director	Romano Scavolini
The Jane Austen Book Club (film)	director	Robin Swicord
Offerings (1989)	director	Christopher Reynolds
The Black Road	director	William Nessen
Vietnam Nurses	director	Polly Watkins
Heredity (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Gold and Glitter	director	D. W. Griffith
Gold and Glitter	director	Frank Powell
The Informer (1912 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Brutality (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
My Hero (1912 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Seventeen (1985 film)	director	Joel DeMott
Seventeen (1985 film)	director	Jeff Kreines
Pane, amore e gelosia	director	Luigi Comencini
Calabuch	director	Luis García Berlanga
Panchathantiram	director	K. S. Ravikumar
The Brothers Lionheart (film)	director	Olle Hellbom
The Burglar's Dilemma	director	D. W. Griffith
A Cry for Help	director	D. W. Griffith
The God Within	director	D. W. Griffith
Moon of Avellaneda	director	Juan J. Campanella
Iron Warrior	director	Alfonso Brescia
Los peces rojos	director	José Antonio Nieves Conde
Three Friends (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
The Telephone Girl and the Lady	director	D. W. Griffith
Pirate Gold (1913 film)	director	Wilfred Lucas
Vengeance (1958 film)	director	Juan Antonio Bardem
An Adventure in the Autumn Woods	director	D. W. Griffith
A Misappropriated Turkey	director	D. W. Griffith
L'Âge des ténèbres	director	Denys Arcand
Brothers (1913 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Sesión continua	director	José Luis Garci
Truth & Treason	director	Matt Whitaker
A Chance Deception	director	D. W. Griffith
Haunted Spooks	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Haunted Spooks	director	Hal Roach
Love in an Apartment Hotel	director	D. W. Griffith
The Wrong Bottle	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
Broken Ways	director	D. W. Griffith
A Girl's Stratagem	director	D. W. Griffith
A Girl's Stratagem	director	Frank Powell
Nights in Rodanthe	director	George C. Wolfe
The Unwelcome Guest	director	D. W. Griffith
Near to Earth	director	D. W. Griffith
The Squaw Man (1931 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Evil Laugh	director	Dominick Brascia
What Happens in Vegas	director	Tom Vaughan (director)
Imagine That (film)	director	Karey Kirkpatrick
Death Screams	director	David Nelson (actor)
Night Screams	director	Allen Plone
Phoo Action	director	Euros Lyn
The Associates (Canadian TV series)	director	E. Jane Thompson
The Associates (U.S. TV series)	director	James Burrows
Money (The Office)	director	Paul Lieberstein
Fish Story	director	James Burrows
The Circus Clown	director	Ray Enright
The Sheriff's Baby	director	D. W. Griffith
The Hero of Little Italy	director	D. W. Griffith
The Stolen Bride	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
A Frightful Blunder	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
The Left-Handed Man	director	D. W. Griffith
The Edge of Heaven (film)	director	Fatih Akın
Asignatura aprobada	director	José Luis Garci
If We Only Knew	director	D. W. Griffith
The Wanderer (1913 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
The Tenderfoot's Money	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
Deterioration of the Fight or Flight Response	director	Rob Corn
The Stolen Loaf	director	D. W. Griffith
Olaf-An Atom	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
A Dangerous Foe	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
The Ranchero's Revenge	director	D. W. Griffith
Red Hicks Defies the World	director	Dell Henderson
The Well (1913 film)	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
The Switch Tower	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
In Diplomatic Circles	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
A Gamble with Death	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
The Sorrowful Shore	director	D. W. Griffith
The Enemy's Baby	director	D. W. Griffith
Too Much Sex	director	Shepperton Design Studios
The Mistake (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
A Gambler's Honor	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
The Last Lieutenant	director	Hans Petter Moland
A Handful of Time	director	Martin Asphaug
To an Unknown God	director	Jaime Chávarri
The Warrior's Heart	director	Leidulv Risan
Novio a la vista	director	Luis García Berlanga
The Vengeance of Galora	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
When Love Forgives	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
Under the Shadow of the Law	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
I Was Meant for You	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
Two Men of the Desert	director	D. W. Griffith
The Crook and the Girl	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
Black and White (1913 film)	director	Dell Henderson
The Strong Man's Burden	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
A Modest Hero	director	Dell Henderson
The Stolen Treaty	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
The Law and His Son	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
Not Fade Away (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	T. J. Scott
A Tender-Hearted Crook	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
The Van Nostrand Tiara	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
Madonna of the Storm	director	D. W. Griffith
The Stopped Clock	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
All for Science	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
The Battle at Elderbush Gulch	director	D. W. Griffith
Losing My Religion (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Mark Tinker
Didn't We Almost Have It All?	director	Rob Corn
Spellbound (CSI)	director	Jeffrey Hunt
Chaahat – Ek Nasha	director	Jai Prakash
Asfaltevangeliet	director	David Åleskjær
Prince Hercules	director	Charles Siebert
The Deaths of Ian Stone	director	Dario Piana
Youth in Revolt (film)	director	Miguel Arteta
Return to Paradise (1953 film)	director	Mark Robson
I Was a Rat (TV series)	director	Laurie Lynd
Somewhere I'll Find You	director	Wesley Ruggles
Noora	director	Mahmoud Shoolizadeh
The Countess (film)	director	Julie Delpy
Thieves of Fortune	director	Michael MacCarthy
Everything's Cool (film)	director	Judith Helfand
Amends (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
Sringaram	director	Saradha Ramanathan
The Radio Pirates	director	Stig Svendsen
Once to Every Woman	director	Lambert Hillyer
Kamilla and the Thief	director	Grete Salomonsen
Story of a Love Story	director	John Frankenheimer
San Ferry Ann	director	Jeremy Summers
Casey Jones (TV series)	director	Lew Landers
The Abandoned Well	director	Travers Vale
Her Father's Silent Partner	director	Donald Crisp
The Master Cracksman	director	Harry Carey (actor)
McVeagh of the South Seas	director	Harry Carey (actor)
Home Delivery (film)	director	Sujoy Ghosh
It's a Free World...	director	Ken Loach
The Untold Story 2	director	Andy Ng Yiu Kuen
Pizza Man	director	J. F. Lawton
Stomp! Shout! Scream!	director	Jay Wade Edwards
The Adventures of the Elektronic	director	Konstantin Bromberg
The Japanese Wife	director	Aparna Sen
The Lorelais' First Day At Chilton	director	Arlene Sanford
The 'Human' Factor	director	Edward Dmytryk
Testimony (film)	director	Tony Palmer
Dharti Ke Lal	director	Khwaja Ahmad Abbas
Yesterday's Hero	director	Neil Leifer
Sword in the Desert	director	George Sherman
Ali G, Innit	director	James Bobin
Ali G, Innit	director	Steve Smith (director)
Ali G, Aiii	director	James Bobin
Ali G, Aiii	director	Steve Smith (director)
Bling Bling (Ali G DVD)	director	James Bobin
Butterfly and Flowers	director	Euthana Mukdasanit
The Battle of Frenchman's Run	director	Theodore Marston
Two of Us (TV film)	director	Michael Lindsay-Hogg
Ruby Bridges (film)	director	Euzhan Palcy
The Way Out (film)	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
Her Convert	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
Old Offenders	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
As It Happened	director	Anthony O'Sullivan
California Son	director	Scott Winant
Lady Chatterley (TV serial)	director	Ken Russell
The Night Stalker (film)	director	John Llewellyn Moxey
27 Dresses	director	Anne Fletcher
Mad Money (film)	director	Callie Khouri
Normal (2007 film)	director	Carl Bessai
American Venus	director	Bruce Sweeney
Randy and The Mob	director	Ray McKinnon (actor)
Blood (2000 film)	director	Charly Cantor
Kings (film)	director	Tommy Collins
Bangkok Love Story	director	Poj Arnon
La Bestia in Calore	director	Luigi Batzella
Looking for a Home (film)	director	Hayao Miyazaki
The Walking Stick	director	Eric Till
The Victim (2006 film)	director	Monthon Arayangkoon
Just Jim	director	Oscar A. C. Lund
Judge Not; or The Woman of Mona Diggings	director	Robert Z. Leonard
The Bodyguard from Beijing	director	Corey Yuen
El día de los muertos (film)	director	Ricardo Islas
The Wild Brunch	director	Mark Piznarski
Frontier(s)	director	Xavier Gens
A Merry Mix Up	director	Jules White
Run of the Arrow	director	Samuel Fuller
Dog Days of Summer (film)	director	Mark Freiburger
Just Say Maybe	director	Patrick Duffy
My Wife Is 18	director	James Yuen
Mandi (film)	director	Shyam Benegal
Father Came Too!	director	Peter Graham Scott
Oil's Well That Ends Well	director	Jules White
Shehar Aur Sapna	director	Khwaja Ahmad Abbas
La comunidad (film)	director	Álex de la Iglesia
In the City (film)	director	Cesc Gay
This Day and Age (film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Goya in Bordeaux	director	Carlos Saura
Graft (1915 serial)	director	George Lessey
Graft (1915 serial)	director	Richard Stanton
Secret Love (1916 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Kalyana Mandapam	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
A Fair to Remember	director	Allen Mondell
A Fair to Remember	director	Cynthia Salzman Mondell
The Juggler (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Kindred (Heroes)	director	Paul A. Edwards
The Stranger Within	director	Lee Philips (actor)
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	director	George Archainbaud
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	director	William A. Berke
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	director	Thomas Carr (director)
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	director	John English (director)
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	director	William McCarthy (director)
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	director	Frank McDonald
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	director	Don McDougall (director)
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	director	Ray Nazarro
Buffalo Bill, Jr.	director	Robert G. Walker
The Bulldog Breed	director	Robert Asher
The Last of the High Kings	director	David Keating
Renewal (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Norberto Barba
Singh Is Kinng	director	Anees Bazmee
Son of Rambow	director	Hammer & Tongs
Reality Bites (Step by Step)	director	Patrick Duffy
The Dinosaur and the Missing Link: A Prehistoric Tragedy	director	Willis O'Brien
A Knight of the Range	director	Jacques Jaccard
Brewster Place	director	Ivan Dixon
Brewster Place	director	Jan Eliasberg
Brewster Place	director	Bill Duke
The Night Riders (1916 film)	director	Jacques Jaccard
The Passing of Hell's Crown	director	Jacques Jaccard
The Wedding Guest	director	Jacques Jaccard
The Three Godfathers	director	Edward LeSaint
The Jackals of a Great City	director	Edward LeSaint
The Committee on Credentials	director	George Marshall (director)
Crawlspace (film)	director	David Schmoeller
Violated Angels	director	Kōji Wakamatsu
Harrison's Flowers	director	Élie Chouraqui
Who and What	director	Kenneth Fink
Who and What	director	Danny Cannon
Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging	director	Gurinder Chadha
The Falcons (film)	director	István Gaál
Journey Beyond Three Seas	director	Khwaja Ahmad Abbas
For the Love of a Girl	director	Harry Carey (actor)
Love's Lariat	director	Harry Carey (actor)
Love's Lariat	director	George Marshall (director)
A Woman's Eyes	director	George Marshall (director)
The Devil's Own (1916 film)	director	George Marshall (director)
Behind the Lines (film)	director	Henry MacRae
Crazy Safari	director	Billy Chan
Sex and Zen II	director	Chin Man Kei
Little Boy Lost (The Twilight Zone)	director	Tommy Lee Wallace
Wish Bank (The Twilight Zone)	director	Rick Friedberg
If She Dies (The Twilight Zone)	director	John D. Hancock
Ye Gods (The Twilight Zone)	director	Peter Medak
The Burning Man (The Twilight Zone)	director	J.D. Feigelson
The Conspiracy	director	Henry MacRae
Dealer's Choice (The Twilight Zone)	director	Wes Craven
Guilty (1916 film)	director	Henry MacRae
Dead Woman's Shoes (The Twilight Zone)	director	Peter Medak
Blood Money (1917 film)	director	Fred Kelsey
Los Cronocrímenes	director	Nacho Vigalondo
The Bad Man of Cheyenne	director	Fred Kelsey
The Outlaw and the Lady	director	Fred Kelsey
The Drifter (1917 film)	director	Fred Kelsey
Goin' Straight	director	Fred Kelsey
The Fighting Gringo (1917 film)	director	John Ford
The Fighting Gringo (1917 film)	director	Fred Kelsey
The Honor of an Outlaw	director	Fred Kelsey
A 44-Calibre Mystery	director	Fred Kelsey
The Almost Good Man	director	Fred Kelsey
The Mysterious Outlaw	director	Fred Kelsey
The Golden Bullet	director	Fred Kelsey
The Wrong Man (1917 film)	director	Fred Kelsey
Six-Shooter Justice	director	Fred Kelsey
The Soul Herder	director	John Ford
Cheyenne's Pal	director	John Ford
We'll Meet Again (film)	director	Philip Brandon
Straight Shooting	director	John Ford
The Texas Sphinx	director	Fred Kelsey
The Case of the Cross-Dressing Carp	director	Alec Smight
The Secret Man	director	John Ford
A Marked Man	director	John Ford
Bitter Flowers	director	Ulrik Imtiaz Rolfsen
The Telegraphist	director	Erik Gustavson
Oily to Bed, Oily to Rise	director	Jules White
Pilot (Dirty Sexy Money)	director	Peter Horton
Walk All Over Me	director	Robert Cuffley
The Phantom Riders	director	John Ford
Wild Women	director	John Ford
Thieves' Gold	director	John Ford
The Scarlet Drop	director	John Ford
Hell Bent	director	John Ford
A Woman's Fool	director	John Ford
Three Mounted Men	director	John Ford
Roped	director	John Ford
A Fight for Love	director	John Ford
Bare Fists	director	John Ford
Riders of Vengeance	director	John Ford
The Outcasts of Poker Flat (1919 film)	director	John Ford
Tammy and the Bachelor	director	Joseph Pevney
Ace of the Saddle	director	John Ford
Rider of the Law	director	John Ford
A Gun Fightin' Gentleman	director	John Ford
Local Ad	director	Jason Reitman
Marked Men (1919 film)	director	John Ford
Bad Golf My Way	director	Rick Friedberg
'If Only' Jim	director	Jacques Jaccard
Stupid Little Golf Video	director	Peter Hayman
Johnny Gaddaar	director	Sriram Raghavan
Go to Hell (CSI)	director	Jeffrey Hunt
Ginger and Cinnamon	director	Daniele Luchetti
My Brother is an Only Child	director	Daniele Luchetti
El Viento (film)	director	Eduardo Mignogna
Overland Red	director	Lynn Reynolds
A Star to Guide Them	director	Michael Levine (director)
Blood Rage	director	John Grissmer
Yudh (film)	director	Rajiv Rai
Let's All Hate Toronto	director	Albert Nerenberg
Let's All Hate Toronto	director	Robert Spence
Adventureland (film)	director	Greg Mottola
Guardian Angels (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
Shriman Prithviraj	director	Tarun Majumdar
Opening Day (The Twilight Zone)	director	John Milius
The Beacon (The Twilight Zone)	director	Gerd Oswald
John Appa Rao 40 plus	director	Kuchipudi Venkat
One Life, Furnished in Early Poverty (The Twilight Zone)	director	Don Carlos Dunaway
Night of the Meek (1986 The Twilight Zone episode)	director	Martha Coolidge
Deewangee	director	Anees Bazmee
Bullet Proof (1920 film)	director	Lynn Reynolds
Human Stuff	director	B. Reeves Eason
Blue Streak McCoy	director	B. Reeves Eason
Sundown Slim	director	Val Paul
West Is West (1920 film)	director	Val Paul
Heaven on Earth (film)	director	Deepa Mehta
Hearts Up	director	Val Paul
Aansoo Aur Muskan	director	P. Madhavan
The Freeze-Out	director	John Ford
The Wallop	director	John Ford
The Man Who Watched Trains Go By	director	Harold French
Desperate Trails	director	John Ford
Homo Sapiens 1900	director	Peter Cohen (director)
Night Key	director	Lloyd Corrigan
Saving Grace B. Jones	director	Connie Stevens
It's Adam and Shelley	director	Tim Kirkby
Joy Division (2006 film)	director	Reg Traviss
No Such Thing as Vampires	director	Rod Holcomb
If There's Anything I Can't Stand	director	Larry Shaw (director)
American Virgin (2000 film)	director	Jean-Pierre Marois
Detector (film)	director	Pål Jackman
The Legend of Suram Fortress	director	Sergei Parajanov
The Legend of Suram Fortress	director	Dodo Abashidze
Toy Love (film)	director	Harry Sinclair
Ma Mère	director	Christophe Honoré
A Blade in the Dark	director	Lamberto Bava
Home in Indiana	director	Henry Hathaway
The Fox (1921 film)	director	Robert Thornby
Blood Theatre	director	Rick Sloane
Centennial Summer	director	Otto Preminger
Terrifying Girls' High School: Lynch Law Classroom	director	Noribumi Suzuki
Leapin' Lizards (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
La gran familia	director	Fernando Palacios
Taitei no Ken	director	Yukihiko Tsutsumi
Iron Eagle on the Attack	director	Sidney J. Furie
Ninna Nedu Repu	director	Lakshmikant Chenna
Queens Logic	director	Steve Rash
The Singles 2nd Ward	director	Kurt Hale
Home Sweet Homicide	director	Lloyd Bacon
Hell's Belles (film)	director	Maury Dexter
The Hard Ride	director	Burt Topper
Bananas for Betty	director	Michael Spiller
Vientos de agua	director	Juan J. Campanella
A Matter of Loaf and Death	director	Nick Park
Sos mi vida	director	Rodolfo Antúnez
Sos mi vida	director	Jorge Bechara
Ferry Cross the Mersey (film)	director	Jeremy Summers
Naseem (film)	director	Saeed Akhtar Mirza
Mirror Mirror (House)	director	David Platt (director)
Laadam	director	Prabu Solomon
Man to Man (1922 film)	director	Stuart Paton
The Kickback (film)	director	Val Paul
Good Men and True	director	Val Paul
Piya Ka Ghar (TV series)	director	Chander H. Bahl
Pretty/Handsome	director	Ryan Murphy (writer)
Open House (1987 film)	director	Jag Mundhra
Super Mario World (TV series)	director	John Gruso
Tex (film)	director	Tim Hunter (director)
Anna of Brooklyn	director	Vittorio De Sica
Anna of Brooklyn	director	Carlo Lastricati
It Happened in the Park	director	Vittorio De Sica
It Happened in the Park	director	Gianni Franciolini
La canzone dell'amore	director	Gennaro Righelli
Crossing the Line (short)	director	Peter Jackson
Crossing the Line (short)	director	Neill Blomkamp
Extinct (2001 TV series)	director	Jenny Ash
Extinct (2001 TV series)	director	Russell Barnes
Canyon of the Fools	director	Val Paul
Crashin' Thru	director	Val Paul
Desert Driven	director	Val Paul
The Spider's Web	director	James W. Horne
The Spider's Web	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Miracle Baby	director	Val Paul
The Spider Returns	director	James W. Horne
Toy Soldiers (1984 film)	director	David Andrew Fisher
The Winter War (film)	director	Pekka Parikka
The Great Madcap	director	Luis Buñuel
Savage Weekend	director	David Paulsen
Nemureru Mori	director	Isamu Nakae
Ten Little Indians (1989 film)	director	Alan Birkinshaw
Identification of a Woman	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Khudgarz	director	Rakesh Roshan
Hatya	director	Kirti Kumar
Dariya Dil	director	K. Ravi Shankar
Jeete Hain Shaan Se	director	Kawal Sharma
Marte Dam Tak	director	Mehul Kumar
Taaqatwar	director	David Dhawan
Ssukh	director	Kirti Kumar
Aamdani Atthani Kharcha Rupaiyaa	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Waah! Tera Kya Kehna	director	Manoj Agrawal
Do Qaidi	director	Ajay Kashyap
Awaargi	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Maha-Sangram	director	Mukul S. Anand
Propaganda (film)	director	Sinan Çetin
La Vendetta	director	Mga Mata ni Anghelita
La Vendetta	director	Mulawin
La Vendetta	director	Ouija (film)
Jack Gets in the Game	director	Michael Engler
Swarg	director	David Dhawan
Jaan Se Pyaara	director	Anand (actor)
Dulaara	director	U. Vimal Kumar
The Amazing Panda Adventure	director	Christopher Cain
Deep Blues: A Musical Pilgrimage to the Crossroads	director	Robert Mugge
Dunder Mifflin Infinity	director	Craig Zisk
Pie-lette	director	Barry Sonnenfeld
The Night Hawk	director	Stuart Paton
The Lightning Rider	director	Lloyd Ingraham
Sangam (Urdu film)	director	Zahir Raihan
Tiger Thompson	director	B. Reeves Eason
Roaring Rails	director	Tom Forman
Psychopath (1973 film)	director	Larry G. Brown
Rabba Ishq Na Hove	director	Nandita Mehra
The Fairly Odd Parents! (pilot)	director	Butch Hartman
Dyesebel (TV series)	director	Joyce E. Bernal
Dyesebel (TV series)	director	Don Michael Perez
And When Did You Last See Your Father?	director	Anand Tucker
Tom, Sarah and Usher	director	Seung Eun Kim
The Flaming Forties	director	Tom Forman
Soft Shoes	director	Lloyd Ingraham
Beyond the Border	director	Scott R. Dunlap
Silent Sanderson	director	Scott R. Dunlap
The Texas Trail	director	Scott R. Dunlap
Variola Vera	director	Goran Marković (film director)
The Bad Lands	director	Dell Henderson
The Prairie Pirate	director	Edmund Mortimer (actor)
The Man from Red Gulch	director	Edmund Mortimer (actor)
Adan Ronquillo	director	Joey del Rosario
Driftin' Thru	director	Scott R. Dunlap
Poppin' Tags	director	Bryan Spicer
The Seventh Bandit	director	Scott R. Dunlap
The Frontier Trail	director	Scott R. Dunlap
Jungle Woman	director	Reginald Le Borg
Sisterhood (Robin Hood)	director	Matthew Evans (director)
Satan Town	director	Edmund Mortimer (actor)
A Little Journey	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Tombés du ciel	director	Philippe Lioret
Holly (film)	director	Guy Moshe
Meeting Resistance	director	Molly Bingham
Meeting Resistance	director	Steve Connors
Lovers' Kiss	director	Ataru Oikawa
Beyond Our Ken (film)	director	Pang Ho-cheung
Casado con hijos (Chile)	director	Diego Rouger
The Booth	director	Yoshihiro Nakamura
The Barbarians (film)	director	Ruggero Deodato
Uthiripookkal	director	J. Mahendran
Sobreviviré	director	Alfonso Albacete
Sobreviviré	director	David Menkes
Marty (film)	director	Delbert Mann
Battle of the Bands (TV movie)	director	Polly Draper
All in This Tea	director	Les Blank
All in This Tea	director	Gina Leibrecht
Johnny Get Your Hair Cut	director	B. Reeves Eason
Johnny Get Your Hair Cut	director	Archie Mayo
Slide, Kelly, Slide	director	Edward Sedgwick
Grand Canary (film)	director	Irving Cummings
The Trail of '98	director	Clarence Brown
Sparrows (1926 film)	director	William Beaudine
Mirush	director	Marius Holst
Guide de la Petite Vengeance	director	Jean-François Pouliot
Ducking and Diving	director	Matthew Evans (director)
A Baltic Tragedy	director	Johan Bergenstråhle (director)
Horror House on Highway Five	director	Richard Casey
Daimajin (1966 film)	director	Kimiyoshi Yasuda
Killer (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
Bang-Bang (CSI)	director	Terrence O'Hara
To All a Good Night	director	David Hess
Sisters (2006 film)	director	Douglas Buck
Masquerade (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Christine Moore
Yıkılmayan Adam	director	Remzi Aydın Jöntürk
Weekend War	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
Streets of Gold (film)	director	Joe Roth
The Spiral Staircase (2000 film)	director	James Head
Skinner (film)	director	Ivan Nagy (director)
Art Isn't Easy	director	David Grossman (director)
Now I Know, Don't Be Scared	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Cut (film)	director	Kimble Rendall
Swimming Pool (2001 film)	director	Boris von Sychowski
Branch Wars	director	Joss Whedon
Hank Williams First Nation	director	Aaron James Sorensen
Narasimha Naidu	director	B.Gopal
America's Most Smartest Model	director	Zach Kozek
America's Most Smartest Model	director	Robert Sizemore
America's Most Smartest Model	director	Michael L. Taylor
Thank You for Not Snitching	director	Seung Eun Kim
The Learning Curve	director	Eric Schwab
Appointment for Love	director	William A. Seiter
More Crap	director	Trey Parker
Ich suche Dich	director	O. W. Fischer
Russian Translation (TV series)	director	Alexander Chernjaev
Russian Translation (TV series)	director	Andrej Konstantinov
The Vagabond King (1956 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Ajantrik	director	Ritwik Ghatak
Netru Indru Naalai	director	Lakshmikant Chenna
Hot Summer Night (1957 film)	director	David Friedkin
...Or Die Trying	director	Seung Eun Kim
An Ordinary Miracle (1978 film)	director	Mark Zakharov
Dastak	director	Rajinder Singh Bedi
Cold Water (film)	director	Olivier Assayas
The Loners	director	Renen Schorr
The Kindness of Strangers (Heroes)	director	Adam Kane
Fight or Flight (Heroes)	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
The Line	director	Jeannot Szwarc
School of the Holy Beast	director	Noribumi Suzuki
Perdido por perdido (film)	director	Alberto Lecchi
Otello (1986 film)	director	Franco Zeffirelli
La Traviata (1983 film)	director	Franco Zeffirelli
Genre (animated film)	director	Don Hertzfeldt
Breakthrough (film)	director	Andrew McLaglen
The Animal World (film)	director	Irwin Allen
Pilot (One Tree Hill)	director	Bryan Gordon
Rome Express	director	Walter Forde
1612 (film)	director	Vladimir Khotinenko
Totò a colori	director	Stefano Vanzina
Castle of Sand	director	Yoshitaro Nomura
Tangle (TV series)	director	Jessica Hobbs
Tangle (TV series)	director	Matthew Saville
Tangle (TV series)	director	Michael James Rowland
Hamara Dil Aapke Paas Hai	director	Satish Kaushik
Rocked: Sum 41 in Congo	director	Adrian Callender
Tarka the Otter (1979 film)	director	David Cobham
Burning Bridges (film)	director	James P. Hogan (director)
The Border Patrol (film)	director	James P. Hogan (director)
Umer Marvi (1956 film)	director	Shaikh Hassan
Khaled (2001 film)	director	Asghar Massombagi
So Close to Paradise	director	Wang Xiaoshuai
The Apocalypse Code	director	Vadim Shmelyov
Coup de tête	director	Jean-Jacques Annaud
A Farewell to Arms (1932 film)	director	Frank Borzage
Super Smash Bros. Melee	director	Masahiro Sakurai
Filthy Lucre (Californication)	director	Scott Burns
The Stink of Flesh	director	Scott Phillips
Sapporo Beer Museum	director	Sapporo Brewery
Fergus McPhail	director	Jean-Pierre Mignon
Fergus McPhail	director	Jeffrey Walker
The Human Duplicators	director	Hugo Grimaldi
Out of Time (Heroes)	director	Dan Attias
Heart of the Storm	director	Colin Budds
See How They Run (1964 film)	director	David Lowell Rich
Pheray (1949 film)	director	Nazir Ahmed Khan
Chann Mahi (1956 film)	director	Anwar Kamal Pasha
Night Train to Paris	director	Robert Douglas (actor)
Ben's Kid	director	Francis Boggs
Karađorđe (film)	director	Čiča Ilija Stanojević
A Voice from the Deep	director	Mack Sennett
Happy Birthday, Garfield	director	Jim Davis (cartoonist)
Candy Stripers (1978 film)	director	Bob Chinn
Till the End of Time (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Kenny & Company	director	Don Coscarelli
Terminator Salvation	director	McG
Goodbye Lover	director	Roland Joffé
Granpa	director	Dianne Jackson
Legally Blondes	director	Savage Steve Holland
Just a Little Harmless Sex	director	Rick Rosenthal
See No Evil (1971 film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Bleeders (film)	director	Peter Svatek
Notorious (2009 film)	director	George Tillman, Jr.
The Plainsman (1966 film)	director	David Lowell Rich
Code Name: Heraclitus	director	James Goldstone
Lake of Fire (film)	director	Tony Kaye (director)
Dil Bechara Pyaar Ka Maara	director	Onkar Nath Mishra
Gunfight in Abilene	director	William Hale
Help! Help! Hydrophobia!	director	Henry Lehrman
Safe in Jail	director	Mack Sennett
Murphy's I.O.U.	director	Mack Sennett
Alas! Poor Yorick!	director	Colin Campbell (director)
Riverburn	director	Jennifer Calvert
N.U. (film)	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Carved (film)	director	Koji Shiraishi
Chhoona Hai Aasmaan	director	Pavan Kaul
Chocolate (2005 film)	director	Vivek Agnihotri
The Doombolt Chase	director	Robert Fuest
The Doombolt Chase	director	Peter Graham Scott
Bab al-Hara	director	Bassam Mulla
J'accuse (1919 film)	director	Abel Gance
Dayton's Devils	director	Jack Shea (director)
Drifters (film)	director	Wang Xiaoshuai
Yousuf Khan Sher Bano	director	Aziz Tabassum
The Foreman of the Jury	director	Mack Sennett
The Gangsters	director	Henry Lehrman
Passions, He Had Three	director	Henry Lehrman
The Waiters' Picnic	director	Mack Sennett
Peeping Pete	director	Mack Sennett
Follow a Star	director	Robert Asher
A Bandit	director	Mack Sennett
For the Love of Mabel	director	Henry Lehrman
Love and Courage	director	Henry Lehrman
The Telltale Light	director	Mack Sennett
Professor Bean's Removal	director	Henry Lehrman
Almost a Rescue	director	Al Christie
Party Camp	director	Gary Graver
Dateline Diamonds	director	Jeremy Summers
Mabel's New Hero	director	Mack Sennett
Hello-Goodbye	director	Jean Negulesco
Adventures of Captain Vrungel	director	David Cherkassky
El Cid: The Legend	director	José Pozo
Be My Guest (film)	director	Lance Comfort
Micro-Phonies	director	Edward Bernds
Squareheads of the Round Table	director	Edward Bernds
The End of the Affair (1999 film)	director	Neil Jordan
Brütal Legend	director	Tim Schafer
Phagun (1973 film)	director	Rajinder Singh Bedi
Mabel's Dramatic Career	director	Mack Sennett
The Gypsy Queen	director	Mack Sennett
The Faithful Taxicab	director	Mack Sennett
When Dreams Come True	director	Mack Sennett
Mother's Boy (1913 film)	director	Henry Lehrman
Fatty's Day Off	director	Wilfred Lucas
Two Old Tars	director	Henry Lehrman
A Quiet Little Wedding	director	Wilfred Lucas
A Quiet Little Wedding	director	Mack Sennett
Canvas (2006 film)	director	Joseph Greco
The Speed Kings	director	Wilfred Lucas
Fatty at San Diego	director	George Nichols (actor)
Wine (1913 film)	director	George Nichols (actor)
Fatty Joins the Force	director	George Nichols (actor)
The Woman Haters	director	Henry Lehrman
A Ride for a Bride	director	George Nichols (actor)
Fatty's Flirtation	director	George Nichols (actor)
His Sister's Kids	director	George Nichols (actor)
Some Nerve	director	Mack Sennett
He Would a Hunting Go	director	George Nichols (actor)
The Kids From C.A.P.E.R.	director	Stanley Z. Cherry
A Misplaced Foot	director	Wilfred Lucas
Striker's Mountain	director	Alan Simmonds
The Under-Sheriff	director	George Nichols (actor)
A Flirt's Mistake	director	George Nichols (actor)
I Am Because We Are	director	Nathan Rissman
In the Clutches of the Gang	director	George Nichols (actor)
In the Clutches of the Gang	director	Mack Sennett
Rebecca's Wedding Day	director	George Nichols (actor)
A Robust Romeo	director	George Nichols (actor)
Twixt Love and Fire	director	George Nichols (actor)
In Love We Trust	director	Wang Xiaoshuai
A Rural Demon	director	Henry Lehrman
A Rural Demon	director	Mack Sennett
Barnyard Flirtations	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Chicken Chaser	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Chicken Chaser	director	Henry Lehrman
A Bath House Beauty	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Where Hazel Met the Villain	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Girl Boss Guerilla	director	Noribumi Suzuki
A Suspended Ordeal	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Water Dog	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Alarm (film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Alarm (film)	director	Edward Dillon (actor)
Our Country Cousin	director	Dell Henderson
Fatty and the Heiress	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Fatty's Finish	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Love and Bullets (1914 film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
A Rowboat Romance	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Sky Pirate	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Sky Pirate	director	Edward Dillon (actor)
Robin Hood (2010 film)	director	Ridley Scott
Saneamento Básico	director	Jorge Furtado
Yorkshire Museum	director	York Museums Trust
Pachhadlela	director	Mahesh Kothare
Entrails of a Virgin	director	Kazuo Komizu
Red Rover (film)	director	Marc S. Grenier
Leon the Pig Farmer	director	Vadim Jean
Leon the Pig Farmer	director	Gary Sinyor
Rock 'n' Roll Nightmare	director	John Fasano
Zero Worship	director	Ron Underwood
Los ojos dejan huella	director	José Luis Sáenz de Heredia
Go Naked in the World	director	Ranald MacDougall
Go Naked in the World	director	Charles Walters
El inquilino	director	José Antonio Nieves Conde
Those Happy Days	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Those Happy Days	director	Edward Dillon (actor)
That Minstrel Man	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Those Country Kids	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Fatty's Gift	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
A Brand New Hero	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Lover's Luck	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
La caza	director	Carlos Saura
Fatty's Debut	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Fatty Again	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Their Ups and Downs	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Lovers' Post Office	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Zip, the Dodger	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
An Incompetent Hero	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Weeping for a Bandit	director	Carlos Saura
Fatty's Jonah Day	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Fatty's Wine Party	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Sea Nymphs (film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Among the Mourners	director	Dell Henderson
Kamakalawa	director	Eddie Romero
Ganito Kami Noon, Paano Kayo Ngayon	director	Eddie Romero
La vida por delante	director	Fernando Fernán Gómez
Kisapmata	director	Mike De Leon
La vida alrededor	director	Fernando Fernán Gómez
Manila by Night	director	Ishmael Bernal
Leading Lizzie Astray	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Fatty's Magic Pants	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Fatty and Minnie He-Haw	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Desire (1982 film)	director	Eddie Romero
Mabel and Fatty's Married Life	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Hari sa Hari, Lahi sa Lahi	director	Lili Chou
Hari sa Hari, Lahi sa Lahi	director	Eddie Romero
Rum and Wall Paper	director	Charles Avery
Mabel and Fatty's Wash Day	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Mabel, Fatty and the Law	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Mabel and Fatty's Simple Life	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Fatty and Mabel at the San Diego Exposition	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Fatty's New Role	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Hogan's Romance Upset	director	Charles Avery
Fatty's Reckless Fling	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Fatty's Chance Acquaintance	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Fatty's Faithful Fido	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Mohabbataan Sachiyaan	director	Shahzad Rafique
That Little Band of Gold	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Godfather (2007 film)	director	Hariday Shetty
Wished on Mabel	director	Mabel Normand
When Love Took Wings	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Mabel's Wilful Way	director	Mabel Normand
Mabel's Wilful Way	director	Mack Sennett
Miss Fatty's Seaside Lovers	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Fatty's Plucky Pup	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Little Teacher	director	Mack Sennett
Fickle Fatty's Fall	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
A Village Scandal	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Fatty and the Broadway Stars	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Shogun's Joys of Torture	director	Teruo Ishii
Rettet die Weihnachtsgans	director	Jörg Grünler
Minghags: The Movie	director	Bam Margera
Ma femme s'appelle Maurice	director	Jean-Marie Poiré
Horrors of Malformed Men	director	Teruo Ishii
The Children of Noisy Village (film)	director	Lasse Hallström
Mummy's Dummies	director	Edward Bernds
Buffalo Bill (film)	director	William A. Wellman
Get Out and Get Under	director	Hal Roach
Okka Magaadu	director	YVS Chowdary
G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra	director	Stephen Sommers
Apat Dapat, Dapat Apat	director	Wenn V. Deramas
Krishna Babu (1999 film)	director	Muthyala Subbaiah
Counterpoint (1968 film)	director	Ralph Nelson
How to Steal the World	director	Sutton Roley
The Counterfeiters (film)	director	Stefan Ruzowitzky
Bright Lights (1916 film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
You Got to Move	director	Lucy Massie Phenix
You Got to Move	director	Veronica Selver
His Wife's Mistakes	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Joker Goes to School	director	Murray Golden
The Other Man (1916 film)	director	Mack Sennett
He Meets His Match, The Grisly Ghoul	director	Murray Golden
The Waiters' Ball	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
A Creampuff Romance	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
A Saucer of Loneliness	director	John D. Hancock
Daresalam	director	Issa Serge Coelo
Zero Focus	director	Yoshitaro Nomura
Survivor Man	director	Paul Feig
I Was a Teenage Faust	director	Thom Eberhardt
Four Months Ago...	director	Greg Beeman
Long John Peter	director	Dominic Polcino
Back to the Woods (Family Guy)	director	Brian Iles
The Former Life of Brian	director	Pete Michels
McStroke	director	Brian Iles
Peter's Daughter	director	Zac Moncrief
Padre de Familia	director	Pete Michels
Patrick Kielty Almost Live	director	Stephen Stewart
Machine Head (film)	director	Michael Murphy (director)
Machine Head (film)	director	Leonard Murphy
The Bigamist (1953 film)	director	Ida Lupino
Gulag (film)	director	Roger Young (director)
Time Bombs (film)	director	Éric Ruel
DP75: Tartina City	director	Issa Serge Coelo
Blood Trails	director	Robert Krause
A Reckless Romeo	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Rough House	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Rough House	director	Buster Keaton
His Wedding Night	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Oh Doctor!	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
A Country Hero	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Beginning of the End (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Strange Affair (film)	director	Pierre Granier-Deferre
Nasrani (film)	director	Joshi (director)
Vizontele Tuuba	director	Yılmaz Erdoğan
Matilda (1978 film)	director	Daniel Mann
¿Dónde estás amor de mi vida que no te puedo encontrar?	director	Juan José Jusid
1957: Hati Malaya	director	Shuhaimi Baba
The Creeping Flesh	director	Freddie Francis
Protagonist (film)	director	Jessica Yu
Lady Ice	director	Tom Gries
Earth (2007 film)	director	Alastair Fothergill
Earth (2007 film)	director	Mark Linfield
Change of Mind	director	Robert Stevens (director)
Baik Punya Cilok	director	Afdlin Shauki
Pinoy Idol	director	Louie Ignacio
Cloistered Nun: Runa's Confession	director	Masaru Konuma
Tattooed Flower Vase	director	Masaru Konuma
Erotic Diary of an Office Lady	director	Masaru Konuma
A Scrap of Paper	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Moonshine (1918 film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Sheriff	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Terror's Advocate	director	Barbet Schroeder
Ken (film)	director	Kenji Misumi
Hollywood North (film)	director	Peter O'Brian (film producer)
Young Buckethead Vol. 1	director	Jas Obrecht
Young Buckethead Vol. 2	director	Jas Obrecht
Everybody Wants to Be Italian	director	Jason Todd Ipson
Bloody 27 (film)	director	Michael T. Dunn
Not the Bradys XXX	director	Will Ryder
Shanghai (1935 film)	director	James Flood
Satanis	director	Ray Laurent
Caravan (1934 film)	director	Erik Charell
The Three Stooges (film)	director	Bobby Farrelly
The Three Stooges (film)	director	Peter Farrelly
Little Marines (film)	director	A.J. Hixon
Bark!	director	Kasia Adamik
American Guerrilla in the Philippines	director	Fritz Lang
Everybody Says I'm Fine!	director	Rahul Bose
Whatever It Takes (House)	director	Juan J. Campanella
Camping Out (film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Pullman Porter	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
An Inspector Calls (film)	director	Guy Hamilton
Love (1919 film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Bank Clerk	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
A Desert Hero	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Hayseed	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
S&Man	director	J. T. Petty
The Truth About Spring	director	Richard Thorpe
Frozen (1997 film)	director	Wang Xiaoshuai
Turn It Up (film)	director	Robert Adetuyi
Sword of the Stranger	director	Masahiro Andō
Contract Killers (film)	director	Justin B. Rhodes
Companions in Nightmare	director	Norman Lloyd
The Man From Left Field	director	Burt Reynolds
Shoot on Sight	director	Jag Mundhra
Kilometer Zero (film)	director	Pavel Sanaev
Life of the Party (1920 film)	director	Joseph Henabery
Leap Year (1921 film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Leap Year (1921 film)	director	James Cruze
The Fast Freight	director	James Cruze
Brewster's Millions (1921 film)	director	Joseph Henabery
La Balance	director	Bob Swaim
Aa Dinagalu	director	K. M. Chaitanya
Running Out of Time 2	director	Johnnie To
Running Out of Time 2	director	Law Wing-cheung
Yarınsız Adam	director	Remzi Aydın Jöntürk
Meet the Spartans	director	Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer
Loose Mini DVD	director	Jesse Dylan
Loose Mini DVD	director	Anthony Mandler
Loose Mini DVD	director	Director X
Loose Mini DVD	director	Sophie Muller
Loose Mini DVD	director	Rankin & Chris
Dear Green Place	director	Paul Riley
Ashes of Paradise	director	Marcelo Piñeyro
Sitting Pretty (1933 film)	director	Harry Joe Brown
Azuloscurocasinegro	director	Daniel Sánchez Arévalo
The Girl of Your Dreams	director	Fernando Trueba
Karagattakaran	director	Gangai Amaran
The Deposition (The Office)	director	Julian Farino
Screwball Hotel	director	Rafal Zielinski
The Dollar-a-Year Man	director	James Cruze
Medal for the General	director	Maurice Elvey
The Other End of the Line	director	James Dodson (producer)
Nicotina	director	Hugo Rodríguez
Mujhe Jeene Do (1999 film)	director	Javed Sheikh
Control (2004 film)	director	Tim Hunter (director)
Samurai Banners	director	Hiroshi Inagaki
Panzram (film)	director	John Borowski
King Corn (film)	director	Aaron Woolf
Merry Christmas (2000 film)	director	Lucho Bender
Sangam (1997 film)	director	Syed Noor
Pipo en de p-p-Parelridder	director	Martin Lagestee
In Orange	director	Joram Lürsen
Erik of het klein insectenboek	director	Gidi van Liempd
Lepel (film)	director	Willem van de Sande Bakhuyzen
Too Fat Too Furious	director	Tim Oliehoek
Winky's Horse	director	Mischa Kamp
'N Beetje Verliefd	director	Martin Koolhoven
Ernst, Bobbie, en de geslepen Onix	director	Pieter Walther Boer
Zoop in South America	director	Johan Nijenhuis
Bateau-mouche sur la Seine	director	Georges Méliès
Four Rode Out	director	John Peyser
Miracle at St. Anna	director	Spike Lee
Odour of Chrysanthemums (film)	director	Mark Partridge
Traveling Salesman (film)	director	Joseph Henabery
The Cracksman	director	Peter Graham Scott
Gasoline Gus	director	James Cruze
Mister Ten Per Cent	director	Peter Graham Scott
Crazy to Marry	director	James Cruze
Flavors (2004 film)	director	Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K.
The Ten Commandments (2007 film)	director	John Stronach (filmmaker)
The Ten Commandments (2007 film)	director	Bill Boyce
El Greco (2007 film)	director	Yannis Smaragdis
Sa majesté Minor	director	Jean-Jacques Annaud
Superior Ultraman 8 Brothers	director	Takeshi Yagi
Imaginationland Episode II	director	Trey Parker
Tom and Jerry: A Nutcracker Tale	director	Spike Brandt and Tony Cervone
Bad Girls Go to Hell	director	Doris Wishman
Where the Toys Come From	director	Theodore Thomas (filmmaker)
The Dawn Patrol (1938 film)	director	Edmund Goulding
A Sainted Devil	director	Joseph Henabery
The Devil Rides Out (film)	director	Terence Fisher
The Perfect Holiday	director	Lance Rivera
Noose (film)	director	Edmond T. Gréville
Hantu Jeruk Purut	director	Koya Pagayo
Lanka (film)	director	A. K. Sajan
La estrategia del caracol	director	Sergio Cabrera (director)
Ask Harriet	director	Amanda Bearse
Ask Harriet	director	Robert Berlinger
Ask Harriet	director	Ken Levine (TV personality)
Ask Harriet	director	Andrew D. Weyman
Now You See It, Now You Don't: Part One	director	Bob Lally
Kaya (TV series)	director	Bradley Walsh
Kaya (TV series)	director	James Head
Donga Sachinollu	director	Raja Vannemreddy
Vijayendra Varma	director	Swarna Subba Rao
How I Met Everyone Else	director	Pamela Fryman
Rich, Young and Pretty	director	Norman Taurog
The Sun in a Net	director	Štefan Uher
Sebastian Star Bear: First Mission	director	Frank Fehmers
The Cowboy and the Lady (1938 film)	director	H. C. Potter
The Wanderer in Bulgar	director	Vladislav Chebitarev
Cautionary Tales	director	Greg Yaitanes
Eischied	director	Gary Nelson (director)
Seema Simham	director	G.Ram Prasad
Mr. Willowby's Christmas Tree	director	Jon Stone
Adulthood (film)	director	Noel Clarke
Cinta Dalam Sepotong Roti	director	Garin Nugroho
Bulan Tertusuk Ilalang	director	Garin Nugroho
Puisi Tak Terkuburkan	director	Garin Nugroho
Kancil's Tale of Freedom	director	Garin Nugroho
Daun di Atas Bantal	director	Garin Nugroho
Aces Go Places 4	director	Ringo Lam
The Devil's Threesome	director	John Dahl
Imaginationland Episode I	director	Trey Parker
Imaginationland Episode I  maginationland: The Movie   1	director	Trey Parker
Shadowzone (film)	director	J. S. Cardone
South of Pico	director	Ernst Gossner
Crimes of Fashion	director	Stuart Gillard
Coast to Coast (TV film)	director	Paul Mazursky
From the Earth to the Moon (film)	director	Byron Haskin
Constance (1998 film)	director	Knud Vesterskov
Sadak	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Aku Ingin Menciummu Sekali Saja	director	Garin Nugroho
Jeanne Dielman, 23 quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles	director	Chantal Akerman
Catatan si Boy	director	Nasri Cheppy
Kamulah Satu-Satunya	director	Hanung Bramantyo
30 hari Mencari Cinta	director	Upi Avianto
El Bola	director	Achero Mañas
Demi Cinta Belahlah Dadaku	director	Nasri Cheppy
Eiffel I'm in Love	director	Nasri Cheppy
Nine Hours to Rama	director	Mark Robson
Lost in the Desert	director	Jamie Uys
For Your Height Only	director	Eddie Nicart
3 Hari Untuk Selamanya	director	Riri Riza
Imaginationland Episode III	director	Trey Parker
Beyond the Last Mountain	director	Javed Jabbar
Dead Time: Kala	director	Joko Anwar
O Crime de Cravinhos	director	Arturo Carrari
Uma Aventura no Tempo	director	Mauricio de Sousa
Uma Aventura no Tempo	director	Rodrigo Gava
Uma Aventura no Tempo	director	André Passos
Uma Aventura no Tempo	director	Clewerson Saremba
Amarillo by Morning (film)	director	Spike Jonze
Conquest (1983 film)	director	Lucio Fulci
April Fool's Day (2008 film)	director	Butcher brothers
The Scapegoat (film)	director	Robert Hamer
Falling for Grace	director	Fay Ann Lee
Corrupt (1999 film)	director	Albert Pyun
The Ambassador (film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
The Informers (2009 film)	director	Gregor Jordan
Bananaz	director	Ceri Levy
Tarzan and the Golden Lion (film)	director	J. P. McGowan
Bhalevadivi Basu	director	P.A. Arun Prasad
All About Steve	director	Phil Traill
Vindication (film)	director	Bart Mastronardi
You'll Get Over It	director	Fabrice Cazeneuve
Listen Lena	director	Clem Beauchamp
Listen Lena	director	Stephen Roberts (director)
As Aventuras de Gregório	director	Luiz de Barros
Convém Martelar	director	Manuel F. Araujo
Convém Martelar	director	António Silva
Coração de Gaúcho	director	Luiz de Barros
The Back Page	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Hey, Pop!	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Jóia Maldita	director	Luiz de Barros
Pigeon (Pushing Daisies)	director	Adam Kane
In the Dough	director	Ray McCarey
O Garimpeiro (film)	director	Vittorio Capellaro
Um Crime no Parque Paulista	director	Arturo Carrari
Carlitinhos	director	José Medina
Perversidade	director	José Medina
Do Rio a São Paulo Para Casar	director	José Medina (film)
O Furto dos 500 Milhões de Réis	director	Arturo Carrari
Augusto Anibal quer casar	director	Luiz de Barros
Cavaleiro Negro	director	Luiz de Barros
Buzzin' Around	director	Alfred J. Goulding
You Can't Judge a Book by Its Cover (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Warren (director)
Remember My Name	director	Alan Rudolph
How've You Bean?	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Plagues & Pleasures on the Salton Sea	director	Chris Metzler
Plagues & Pleasures on the Salton Sea	director	Plagues & Pleasures on the Salton Sea
Close Relations	director	Ray McCarey
The Secret Garden (1949 film)	director	Fred M. Wilcox
Tomalio	director	Ray McCarey
A Sereia de Pedra	director	Roger Lion
Mabel and Fatty Viewing the World's Fair at San Francisco	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Mabel and Fatty Viewing the World's Fair at San Francisco	director	Mabel Normand
The Moonshiners	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Sofrer Para Gozar	director	Eugenio Centenaro Kerrigan
Otaku Unite!	director	Eric Bresler
23 Paces to Baker Street	director	Henry Hathaway
Der Schuß durchs Fenster	director	Siegfried Breuer
Adiyozhukkukal	director	I. V. Sasi
Facing Sudan	director	Bruce David Janu
Yathra	director	Balu Mahendra
Nirakkoottu	director	Joshi (director)
Amaram	director	Bharathan
Arayannangalude Veedu	director	A. K. Lohithadas
Karutha Pakshikal	director	Kamal (director)
Ponthan Mada	director	T. V. Chandran
Mahayanam	director	Joshi (director)
Vatsalyam	director	Cochin Haneefa
Mrigaya (1989 film)	director	I. V. Sasi
My Own Worst Enemy (Scrubs)	director	Bill Lawrence (producer)
Nothing But the Truth (2008 film)	director	Rod Lurie
One More Chance (2007 film)	director	Cathy Garcia Molina
My Hard Labor	director	Adam Bernstein
Total Denial	director	Milena Kaneva
Situation Hopeless... But Not Serious	director	Gottfried Reinhardt
Christmas in Wonderland	director	James Orr (filmmaker)
The Other Side (2006 film)	director	Gregg Bishop
Special Delivery (1922 film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Stupid, But Brave	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Iron Mule	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Iron Mule	director	Grover Jones
The Tourist (1925 film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Movies (film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Cleaning Up (film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
My Inconvenient Truth	director	Bill Lawrence (producer)
The Fighting Dude	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
My Stars	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Home Cured	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Fool's Luck	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
You Belong to Me (1941 film)	director	Wesley Ruggles
His Private Life	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
One Sunday Morning	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Red Mill (film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Peaceful Oscar	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Special Delivery (1927 film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Si Si Senor	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Won by a Neck	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Up a Tree (film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Malkoçoğlu Cem Sultan	director	Remzi Aydın Jöntürk
Insanitarium	director	Jeff Buhler
Meet the Browns (film)	director	Tyler Perry
The Chick Chop Flick Shop	director	Richard J. Lewis
Mammoth (2009 film)	director	Lukas Moodysson
Wild Horses (1995 film)	director	Marcelo Piñeyro
Three Hollywood Girls	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Marriage Rows	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Pete and Repeat (film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Ex-Plumber	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Mumbai Salsa (film)	director	Manoj Tyagi
Crashing Hollywood	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Windy Riley Goes Hollywood	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
A Thunder of Drums	director	Joseph M. Newman
Enchantment (film)	director	Irving Reis
The Lure of Hollywood	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
That's My Line (film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Cruel World	director	Kelsey T. Howard
You Don't Want to Know	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
Games (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
The Beginning (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
Knight of the Phoenix (Knight Rider)	director	Daniel Haller
Heartbeat Detector	director	Nicolas Klotz
My Identity Crisis	director	Gail Mancuso
Frankenstein (2004 film)	director	Marcus Nispel
The Wackness	director	Jonathan Levine
Rosy Dreams	director	Dušan Hanák
Vatel (film)	director	Roland Joffé
Deceiver (film)	director	Jonas Pate
Deceiver (film)	director	Josh Pate
Shutter Island (film)	director	Martin Scorsese
MP3 – Mera Pehla Pehla Pyaar	director	Robby Grewal
Raped by an Angel	director	Andrew Lau
Honeymoon Trio	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Up Pops the Duke	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Beach Pajamas	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Take 'em and Shake 'em	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
That's My Meat	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
One Quiet Night (film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Queenie of Hollywood	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Once a Hero (film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
The Tamale Vendor	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Idle Roomers (1931 film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Smart Work	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Moonlight and Cactus	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Mr. Warmth: The Don Rickles Project	director	John Landis
Keep Laughing (film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Anybody's Goat	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Bridge Wives	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Hollywood Luck	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Hollywood Lights	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Gigolettes	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Niagara Falls (1932 film)	director	Roscoe Arbuckle
Paulo e Virginia	director	Francisco de Almeida Fleming
Annie Oakley (film)	director	George Stevens
Hei de Vencer	director	Luiz de Barros
Twice-Told Tales (film)	director	Sidney Salkow
O Segredo do Corcunda	director	Alberto Traversa
The Saphead	director	Herbert Blaché
Women... Oh, Women!	director	Tetsuji Takechi
A House on Two Streets	director	Kiril Ilinchev
Süpermenler	director	Italo Martinenghi
The Sin of Harold Diddlebock	director	Preston Sturges
The White Silk Dress	director	Lưu Huỳnh
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2	director	Sanaa Hamri
The Hideous Sun Demon	director	Robert Clarke
What a Country!	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
What a Country!	director	Linda Day
Behind the Yellow Line	director	Taylor Wong
Jeremy (film)	director	Arthur Barron
Agonia (2006 film)	director	Niklas Kullström
Waaris Shah	director	Manoj Punj
Choking Man	director	Steve Barron
Sunflower (2005 film)	director	Zhang Yang (director)
Artists and Orphans: A True Drama	director	Lianne Klapper-McNally
What a Crazy World	director	Michael Carreras
Ten Who Dared	director	William Beaudine
Egg (film)	director	Semih Kaplanoğlu
Dick Tracy vs. Cueball	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Dick Tracy (1945 film)	director	William A. Berke
The Adventures of Greyfriars Bobby	director	John Henderson (director)
The Eagle and the Hawk (1933 film)	director	Stuart Walker (filmmaker)
Kinvig	director	Brian Simmons
Don't Knock the Twist	director	Oscar Rudolph
Paid to Dance	director	Charles C. Coleman (director)
Internes Can't Take Money	director	Alfred Santell
British Intelligence (film)	director	Terry O. Morse
Ödipussi	director	Vicco von Bülow
Victor (film)	director	François Ozon
Slow Days	director	Matija Kluković
Darfur Now	director	Ted Braun
Tico-Tico no Fubá (film)	director	Adolfo Celi
Ascenção E Queda de um Paquera	director	Victor di Mello
Self Titled Debut Digital Video Disc	director	Chris Deaner
Self Titled Debut Digital Video Disc	director	Orrin Anderson
Self Titled Debut Digital Video Disc	director	Rik Cordero
Self Titled Debut Digital Video Disc	director	Nancy Mitchell
Self Titled Debut Digital Video Disc	director	Paul Kloss
Self Titled Debut Digital Video Disc	director	Doug Spice
Self Titled Debut Digital Video Disc	director	Patryk Rebisz
The Demon (1978 film)	director	Yoshitaro Nomura
Rainbow (1996 film)	director	Bob Hoskins
Mystery of Snow	director	Sin Yaw Mg Mg
O Trem da Morte	director	José de Picchia
Off the Black	director	James Ponsoldt
Crusoe (film)	director	Caleb Deschanel
Abu Hassan Penchuri	director	B. Narayan Rao
The Boat (film)	director	Buster Keaton
The Boat (film)	director	Edward F. Cline
Celebration at Big Sur	director	Baird Bryant
Celebration at Big Sur	director	Johanna Demetrakas
Robot Wars (film)	director	Albert Band
My Wife's Relations	director	Buster Keaton
Nouvelle-France (film)	director	Jean Beaudin
The Blacksmith	director	Buster Keaton
The Blacksmith	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
Dick Tracy's Dilemma	director	John Rawlins (director)
Greyfriars Bobby (1961 film)	director	Don Chaffey
Second Honeymoon (film)	director	Walter Lang
Street Girl	director	Wesley Ruggles
Kamouraska (film)	director	Claude Jutra
Jada (film)	director	Clifton Powell
The Image Makers	director	Ingmar Bergman
Roxy Hunter and the Mystery of the Moody Ghost	director	Eleanor Lindo
Roxy Hunter and the Mystery of the Moody Ghost	director	Terry Shakespeare
The Burning Plain	director	Guillermo Arriaga
Roxy Hunter and the Secret of the Shaman	director	Terry Shakespeare
House of Fury	director	Stephen Fung
House of Fury	director	Yuen Woo-ping
Father was a Fullback	director	John M. Stahl
Nari Nari Naduma Murari	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
Conscience (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Alex Chapple
Ill-Bred	director	Steve Shill
Timboektoe	director	Dave Schram
Ilsa, the Tigress of Siberia	director	Jean LaFleur
Where Is Winky's Horse?	director	Mischa Kamp
The Electric House	director	Buster Keaton
The Electric House	director	Edward F. Cline
Daydreams (1922 film)	director	Buster Keaton
Daydreams (1922 film)	director	Edward F. Cline
The Frozen North	director	Buster Keaton
The Frozen North	director	Edward F. Cline
The Balloonatic	director	Buster Keaton
The Balloonatic	director	Edward F. Cline
Love's Prisoner	director	John Francis Dillon (director)
Woman with Red Hair	director	Tatsumi Kumashiro
Viva (film)	director	Anna Biller
Deadly Maneuvers (Knight Rider episode)	director	Paul Stanley (director)
Seven Waves Away	director	Richard Sale (director)
Something's Up There	director	James Burrows
Teenage Devil Dolls	director	B. Lawrence Price, Jr.
Mohan Joshi Hazir Ho!	director	Saeed Akhtar Mirza
Hobgoblins 2	director	Rick Sloane
Black Zoo	director	Robert Gordon
Mommy, I'm Scared	director	Reha Erdem
Esmeralda (film)	director	Alice Guy-Blaché
Esmeralda (film)	director	Victorin-Hippolyte Jasset
Durian Durian	director	Fruit Chan
Giant from the Unknown	director	Richard E. Cunha
Sanders of the River	director	Zoltan Korda
Madame X (1916 film)	director	George F. Marion
The South (film)	director	Víctor Erice
Los santos inocentes	director	Mario Camus
Every Girl Should Be Married	director	Don Hartman
An Eye for an Eye (1966 film)	director	Michael D. Moore
Silver Jew	director	Michael Tully
Viyyalavari Kayyalu	director	E.Satti Babu
Doc (1975 TV series)	director	Jeff Bleckner
Doc (1975 TV series)	director	Joan Darling
Doc (1975 TV series)	director	Robert Moore (director)
Doc (1975 TV series)	director	Mel Shapiro
BloodRayne: The Third Reich	director	Uwe Boll
Confessions of a Pop Performer	director	Norman Cohen
Kishen Kanhaiya	director	Rakesh Roshan
The Bodybuilder and I	director	Bryan Friedman
The Romance of Tarzan	director	Wilfred Lucas
Boogie Woogie (film)	director	Duncan Ward
Jack Holborn	director	Sigi Rothemund
Fireproof (film)	director	Alex Kendrick
Madame X (1920 film)	director	Frank Lloyd
Deafula	director	Peter Wechsberg
The American Gangster	director	Ben Burtt
Madame X (1929 film)	director	Lionel Barrymore
Madame X (1937 film)	director	Sam Wood
Madame X (1937 film)	director	Gustav Machatý
The Story of Thugnificent	director	Seung Eun Kim
Consumed (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Steve Shill
Goodbye and Good Luck (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
Late Fragment	director	Daryl Cloran
Late Fragment	director	Anita Doron
Late Fragment	director	Mateo Guez
Battle Beneath the Earth	director	Montgomery Tully
T. P. Balagopalan M.A.	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Madame X (1954 film)	director	Orestis Laskos
Madame X (1966 film)	director	David Lowell Rich
Buona Sera, Mrs. Campbell	director	Melvin Frank
Aitaré da Praia	director	Gentil Roiz
La Mujer de medianoche	director	Carlo Campogalliani
Madame X (1981 film)	director	Robert Ellis Miller
Quando Elas Querem	director	Eugenio Centenaro Kerrigan
Milana	director	Prakash
The Colony (film)	director	Tim Hunter (director)
Bye Bye Braverman	director	Sidney Lumet
Julian Po	director	Alan Wade
The Gold Ghost	director	Buster Keaton
The Gold Ghost	director	Charles Lamont
Joe Strummer: The Future Is Unwritten	director	Julien Temple
Something's Coming (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Grossman (director)
The Strange Case of the End of Civilization as We Know It	director	Joseph McGrath (film director)
Just William's Luck (film)	director	Val Guest
Allez Oop	director	Buster Keaton
Allez Oop	director	Charles Lamont
Palooka from Paducah	director	Charles Lamont
Men Shouldn't Sing	director	Michael Bell (New Zealand Composer)
Happy Campers (2001 film)	director	Daniel Waters (writer)
Dog Eat Dog (2001 film)	director	Moody Shoaibi
Killer Drag Queens on Dope	director	Lazar Saric
Fräulein (1958 film)	director	Henry Koster
One Run Elmer	director	Buster Keaton
Hayseed Romance	director	Charles Lamont
Tars and Stripes	director	Buster Keaton
Tars and Stripes	director	Charles Lamont
The E-Flat Man	director	Charles Lamont
The Timid Young Man	director	Mack Sennett
Three on a Limb	director	Charles Lamont
Grand Slam Opera	director	Buster Keaton
Grand Slam Opera	director	Charles Lamont
Blue Blazes	director	Buster Keaton
Hangover Square (film)	director	John Brahm
The Chemist (film)	director	Al Christie
Mixed Magic	director	Buster Keaton
Jail Bait (1937 film)	director	Charles Lamont
Ditto (1937 film)	director	Charles Lamont
The Old Monk's Tale	director	J. Searle Dawley
A Thousand Clouds of Peace	director	Julián Hernández
Happy Family (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
The Twelfth Juror	director	George Lessey
Battle for Haditha (film)	director	Nick Broomfield
Cupid in a Dental Parlor	director	Henry Lehrman
Hulda of Holland	director	J. Searle Dawley
Yadana (film)	director	Ei Ei Khaing
His Chum the Baron	director	Mack Sennett
A Little Hero (film)	director	George Nichols (actor)
Rory o' the Bogs	director	J. Farrell MacDonald
A Cause to Kill	director	Shut Git Muk
Boys' Reformatory	director	Howard Bretherton
Samson (1914 film)	director	J. Farrell MacDonald
Apartment for Ladies	director	Umetsugu Inoue
A Taste of Cold Steel	director	Yueh Feng
Beyond His Fondest Hopes	director	Hal Roach
Pete, the Pedal Polisher	director	Hal Roach
Close-Cropped Clippings	director	Hal Roach
Willie Runs the Park	director	Hal Roach
Just Nuts	director	Hal Roach
The Gang's All Here (1941 film)	director	Jean Yarbrough
Love, Loot and Crash	director	Mack Sennett
The Zany Adventures of Robin Hood	director	Ray Austin
A Time for Love (film)	director	Kwei Chih-Hung
Kabhi Pyar Na Karna	director	Javed Raza
Electric Vendetta	director	Peter Smith
Adventure in Paradise	director	Jingbo Chen
Live! – Blond Ambition World Tour 90	director	David Mallet (director)
Frightmare (film)	director	Pete Walker (director)
Eerie, Indiana: The Other Dimension	director	John Bell (actor)
Eerie, Indiana: The Other Dimension	director	René Bonnière
Octopus (film)	director	Gou Suzuki
Paperland: The Bureaucrat Observed	director	Donald Brittain
Sea Monsters: A Prehistoric Adventure	director	Sean MacLeod Phillips
Joe's Palace	director	Stephen Poliakoff
Guitar Queer-O	director	Trey Parker
Croc (film)	director	Stewart Raffill
Ograblenie po...	director	Yefim Gamburg
A Place to Call Home (film)	director	Wu Jiaxiang
Wolfhound (1991 film)	director	Mikhail Tumanishvili
Wolfhound (2007 film)	director	Nikolai Igorevich Lebedev
Summer's Tail	director	Cheng Wen-Tang
Cold Blade	director	Chor Yuen
The Death Kiss	director	Edwin L. Marin
Their Social Splash	director	Charles Avery
Their Social Splash	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
From Italy's Shores	director	Otis Turner
Eagle Eye	director	D. J. Caruso
The Hungry Actors	director	Hal Roach
Semi-Detached (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
A Submarine Pirate	director	Charles Avery
A Submarine Pirate	director	Sydney Chaplin
Spit-Ball Sadie	director	Hal Roach
Terribly Stuck Up	director	Hal Roach
A Mixup for Mazie	director	Hal Roach
Some Baby	director	Hal Roach
Before I Hang	director	Nick Grinde
Last Train from Gun Hill	director	John Sturges
The Anonymous Heroes	director	Chang Cheh
The Big House (2000 film)	director	Rachel Ward
Dowisetrepla	director	Pamela Fryman
Good-bye, My Lady (film)	director	William A. Wellman
The Over-the-Hill Gang	director	Jean Yarbrough
Year One (film)	director	Harold Ramis
Challenge to Lassie	director	Richard Thorpe
Gamers: The Movie	director	Chris Folino
Captain Gallant of the Foreign Legion	director	Lester Fuller
Britz (TV serial)	director	Peter Kosminsky
Dulce desafío	director	Arturo Ripstein
Powerless (Heroes)	director	Allan Arkush
Cranford (TV series)	director	Steve Hudson
Child's Play (film series)	director	Tom Holland
Child's Play (film series)	director	John Lafia
Child's Play (film series)	director	Jack Bender
Child's Play (film series)	director	Ronny Yu
Child's Play (film series)	director	Don Mancini
Just Tell Me What You Want	director	Sidney Lumet
Shaolin Girl	director	Katsuyuki Motohiro
Coupe de Ville (film)	director	Joe Roth
Fresh from the Farm	director	Hal Roach
Giving Them Fits	director	Hal Roach
Bughouse Bellhops	director	Hal Roach
Tinkering with Trouble	director	Hal Roach
Great While It Lasted	director	Hal Roach
Ragtime Snap Shots	director	Hal Roach
A Foozle at the Tee Party	director	Hal Roach
The Fugitive Kind	director	Sidney Lumet
Ruses, Rhymes and Roughnecks	director	Hal Roach
Peculiar Patients' Pranks	director	Hal Roach
Firewater (film)	director	Hardi Volmer
Lonesome Luke, Social Gangster	director	J. Farrell MacDonald
Lonesome Luke, Social Gangster	director	Hal Roach
Dias contados	director	Imanol Uribe
Lonesome Luke Leans to the Literary	director	Hal Roach
Luke Lugs Luggage	director	Hal Roach
Lonesome Luke Lolls in Luxury	director	Hal Roach
Luke, the Candy Cut-Up	director	Hal Roach
Al otro lado	director	Gustavo Loza
Child's Play (1972 film)	director	Sidney Lumet
Noëlle (film)	director	David Wall (actor)
Crime Doctor (film)	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
María Isabel (telenovela)	director	Miguel Córcega
María Isabel (telenovela)	director	Mónica Miguel
L'Effrontée	director	Claude Miller
Dream Street (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
The Winning of Barbara Worth	director	Henry King (director)
The Rainbow Warrior (film)	director	Michael Tuchner
Green Lantern (film)	director	Martin Campbell
All My Lenins	director	Hardi Volmer
Escape (1940 film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Joe Hill (film)	director	Bo Widerberg
The Posthumous Collection	director	Jean de Segonzac
I Live in Grosvenor Square	director	Herbert Wilcox
Madonna of the Seven Moons	director	Arthur Crabtree
Destroying Angel (Midsomer Murders episode)	director	David Tucker
Death's Shadow (Midsomer Murders episode)	director	Jeremy Silberston
Kaba Sone Hti	director	Khin Maung Oo
Kaba Sone Hti	director	Soe Thein Htut
Luke Foils the Villain	director	Hal Roach
Luke and the Rural Roughnecks	director	Hal Roach
Luke Pipes the Pippins	director	Hal Roach
Lonesome Luke, Circus King	director	Hal Roach
Luke's Double	director	Hal Roach
Deadly Heroes	director	Menahem Golan
Them Was the Happy Days!	director	Hal Roach
Luke and the Bomb Throwers	director	Hal Roach
Luke's Late Lunchers	director	Hal Roach
Luke Laughs Last	director	Hal Roach
Luke's Fatal Flivver	director	Hal Roach
Luke's Society Mixup	director	Hal Roach
The Scar (film)	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Luke's Washful Waiting	director	Hal Roach
Luke Rides Roughshod	director	Hal Roach
Black Rainbow	director	Mike Hodges
Hurricane in Galveston	director	King Vidor
The Greatest Store in the World	director	Jane Prowse
Judgement Day (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Gus Trikonis
In Bad Taste	director	Steve Yeager (filmmaker)
Ukiyo-e Cruel Story	director	Tetsuji Takechi
Kyan Sit Min	director	Lu Min
The Time of Your Life (film)	director	H. C. Potter
Thu Zar	director	Chan Tun
Bombay to Bangkok	director	Nagesh Kukunoor
Washington Square (film)	director	Agnieszka Holland
Panduranga (film)	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Resurrected (film)	director	Paul Greengrass
12 (film)	director	Nikita Mikhalkov
Tough Guys Don't Dance (film)	director	Norman Mailer
Afterworld (TV series)	director	Stan Rogow
Sunshine Cleaning	director	Christine Jeffs
Investigation (film)	director	Iglika Triffonova
Flying G-Men	director	James W. Horne
Flying G-Men	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Flying G-Men	director	Norman Deming
Flying G-Men	director	Peter Jones (director)
Flying G-Men	director	V.O. Smith
Mandrake the Magician (serial)	director	Norman Deming
Mandrake the Magician (serial)	director	Sam Nelson
Overland with Kit Carson	director	Norman Deming
Overland with Kit Carson	director	Sam Nelson (film director)
The Shadow (serial)	director	James W. Horne
Terry and the Pirates (serial)	director	James W. Horne
Deadwood Dick (serial)	director	James W. Horne
White Eagle (1941 serial)	director	James W. Horne
By Touch	director	Magdalena Lazarkiewicz
The Green Archer (1940 serial)	director	James W. Horne
The Green Archer (1940 serial)	director	Carl Hiecke
The Iron Claw (1941 serial)	director	James W. Horne
The Iron Claw (1941 serial)	director	Carl Hiecke
Holt of the Secret Service	director	James W. Horne
Captain Midnight (serial)	director	James W. Horne
Perils of the Royal Mounted	director	James W. Horne
The Secret Code (serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Valley of Vanishing Men	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Desert Hawk	director	B. Reeves Eason
Black Arrow (serial)	director	Lew Landers
Black Arrow (serial)	director	B. Reeves Eason
Brenda Starr, Reporter	director	Wallace Fox
Who's Guilty?	director	Howard Bretherton
Who's Guilty?	director	Wallace Grissell
Jungle Raiders	director	Lesley Selander
The Monster and the Ape	director	Howard Bretherton
Son of the Guardsman	director	Derwin Abrahams
Hop Harrigan (serial)	director	Derwin Abrahams
Jack Armstrong (serial)	director	Wallace Fox
Pirates of the High Seas	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Pirates of the High Seas	director	Thomas Carr (director)
Cody of the Pony Express	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Mysterious Island (serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Roar of the Iron Horse	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Roar of the Iron Horse	director	Thomas Carr (director)
Girlfriends (1978 film)	director	Claudia Weill
The Great Adventures of Captain Kidd	director	Derwin Abrahams
The Great Adventures of Captain Kidd	director	Charles S. Gould
Gunfighters of the Northwest	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Gunfighters of the Northwest	director	Charles S. Gould
Riding with Buffalo Bill	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Perils of the Wilderness	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Blazing the Overland Trail	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Lost Lie	director	King Vidor
Bud's Recruit	director	King Vidor
The Chocolate of the Gang	director	King Vidor
Tad's Swimming Hole	director	King Vidor
The Accusing Toe	director	King Vidor
I'm a Man (film)	director	King Vidor
Powder Blue (film)	director	Timothy Linh Bui
The Vertical Ray of the Sun	director	Tran Anh Hung
Mr. Jealousy	director	Noah Baumbach
The Reader (2008 film)	director	Stephen Daldry
Bernard and Doris	director	Bob Balaban
School Girl (film)	director	Paul Gerber (film director)
Middlemarch (1994 TV serial)	director	Anthony Page
Style (2004 film)	director	Mite Ti
Ta Khar Ta Yan Hni A Chit The Ei Tho Phit Tat The	director	Malekha Soe Htike Aung
Naug Ma Kja Kyay	director	Mg Myo Min (Yin Twin Phit)
Tracey Ullman's State of the Union	director	Troy Miller
Tracey Ullman's State of the Union	director	Tracey Ullman
Super Inggo 1.5: Ang Bagong Bangis	director	Gilbert G. Perez
Lae Sar	director	Thein Maung (Phoenix)
Beer Barrel Polecats	director	Jules White
You Came Along	director	John Farrow
The Turn in the Road	director	King Vidor
Fellini: I'm a Born Liar	director	Damian Pettigrew
Shadows (2007 film)	director	Milčo Mančevski
Press for Time	director	Robert Asher
Total Corruption (1993 film)	director	Chi Chi LaRue
Eosphoros (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Alex Zakrzewski
Macabre (1958 film)	director	William Castle
Nadia (film)	director	Alan Cooke (director)
First Person Shooter (The X-Files)	director	Chris Carter (screenwriter)
Neptune's Daughter (1949 film)	director	Edward Buzzell
Better Times (1919 film)	director	King Vidor
Auntie's Portrait	director	George D. Baker
Poor Relations	director	King Vidor
The Family Honor	director	King Vidor
The Jack-Knife Man	director	King Vidor
The Sky Pilot	director	King Vidor
Love Never Dies (1921 film)	director	King Vidor
That Kind of Woman	director	Sidney Lumet
Real Adventure	director	King Vidor
Dusk to Dawn	director	King Vidor
Conquering the Woman	director	King Vidor
Peg o' My Heart (1922 film)	director	King Vidor
The Shopworn Angel	director	H. C. Potter
Karlas kabale	director	Charlotte Sachs Bostrup
The Sea Gull	director	Sidney Lumet
Lissi und der wilde Kaiser	director	Michael Herbig
Raktha Kanneeru	director	Sadhu Kokila
In the Dark (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Alex Chapple
Show do Tom	director	Vildomar Batista
You Kill Me (CSI)	director	Paris Barclay
Memories of a River	director	Judit Elek
First Love (2004 film)	director	Matteo Garrone
Power (1986 film)	director	Sidney Lumet
That Forsyte Woman	director	Compton Bennett
Bunnytown	director	David Rudman
The Capture (film)	director	John Sturges
The Over-the-Hill Gang Rides Again	director	George McCowan
Kottonmouth Kings: Dopeumentary	director	Bill Wadsworth
My Growing Pains	director	Zach Braff
The Woman of Bronze	director	King Vidor
Three Wise Fools (1923 film)	director	King Vidor
Wild Oranges	director	King Vidor
Silver Lining (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Kevin Dowling (director)
Happiness (1924 film)	director	King Vidor
At Ground Zero	director	Craig Schlattman
The Seller	director	Craig Schlattman
Moonzund (film)	director	Aleksandr Muratov
Wine of Youth	director	King Vidor
The Whole Town's Talking	director	John Ford
His Hour	director	King Vidor
Genghis Khan: To the Ends of the Earth and Sea	director	Shinichirō Sawai
Too Many Husbands	director	Wesley Ruggles
İş Bank commercial featuring Atatürk	director	Gürkan Kurtkaya
That Uncertain Feeling (film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Horror Hospital	director	Antony Balch
The Ex-Mrs. Bradford	director	Stephen Roberts (director)
J'Attendrai Le Suivant	director	Philippe Orreindy
Lillian Russell (film)	director	Irving Cummings
Johnny Apollo (film)	director	Henry Hathaway
The List (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Zindagi Ek Juaa	director	Prakash Mehra
Feast 2: Sloppy Seconds	director	John Gulager
Nati stanchi	director	Dominick Tambasco
The Independent (2007 film)	director	Andrew O'Keefe (film-maker)
The Independent (2007 film)	director	John Studley (film-maker)
Shandeh	director	Steve Shill
When Eight Bells Toll (1971 film)	director	Étienne Périer (director)
Encounters of the Spooky Kind	director	Sammo Hung
Yes, Madam	director	Corey Yuen
Meat Loaf: In Search of Paradise	director	Bruce David Klein
She Grazed Horses on Concrete	director	Štefan Uher
The Voice of the Child	director	D. W. Griffith
Film, Film, Film	director	Fyodor Khitruk
Money Mad (1908 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Balked at the Altar	director	D. W. Griffith
To Crack the Dragon Gate	director	Fung Chi Kong
The Ammunition Hunters	director	Fung Chi Kong
Night Visitor	director	Rupert Hitzig
Monkey Drummer	director	Chris Cunningham
Hopelessly Lost	director	Georgi Daneliya
Postcards from Leningrad	director	Mariana Rondon
California Dreaming (2007 film)	director	Linda Voorhees
City for Conquest	director	Anatole Litvak
City for Conquest	director	Jean Negulesco
Ji Yeon	director	Stephen Semel
Baiga vasara	director	Aigars Grauba
A Snitch in Time	director	Edward Bernds
The Economist (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
They Stooge to Conga	director	Del Lord
Jayamkondaan	director	R. Kannan
The Little Minister	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Return to the Border	director	Zhao Liang
The Halfway House	director	Basil Dearden
The Wife of the Centaur	director	King Vidor
The Cabin in the Cotton	director	Michael Curtiz
Proud Flesh (film)	director	King Vidor
100 Women	director	Michael Davis (director)
Flat Foot Stooges	director	Charley Chase
Shararat (sitcom)	director	Rajiv Mehra
Black Legion (film)	director	Archie Mayo
Black Legion (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Shoot the Moon	director	Alan Parker
The Man from Earth	director	Richard Schenkman
Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist	director	Peter Sollett
Sanjivani (TV series)	director	Siddharth Malhotra
The Sitter Downers	director	Del Lord
Made for Each Other (1939 film)	director	John Cromwell (director)
Man with a Plan	director	John O'Brien (filmmaker)
Dragonball Evolution	director	James Wong (producer)
Secrets of Sex	director	Antony Balch
Suite Sorrow	director	Jean de Segonzac
Shaolin Plot	director	Huang Feng
Dirty Tiger, Crazy Frog	director	Karl Maka
Healthy, Wealthy and Dumb	director	Del Lord
The Gambling Ghost	director	Clifton Ko
Journey Through the Past (film)	director	Neil Young
A Missed Fortune	director	Jules White
Three Missing Links	director	Jules White
Mutts to You	director	Charley Chase
Doosri Dulhan	director	Lekh Tandon
Extreme Survival	director	Dick Colthurst
Spadla z oblakov	director	Radim Cvrček
Lost: Missing Pieces	director	Jack Bender
Woodstock Villa	director	Hansal Mehta
Monster from the Ocean Floor	director	Wyott Ordung
Nineteen Eighty-Four (film)	director	Michael Radford
The Mad Miss Manton	director	Leigh Jason
The Dance (1998 film)	director	Ágúst Guðmundsson
I Don't Want to Sleep Alone	director	Tsai Ming-liang
Daughters of Darkness	director	Harry Kümel
Inert Dwarf	director	Alex Chapple
Lord Chumley	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
Chill Factor (film)	director	Hugh Johnson (cinematographer)
A Conversation With Gregory Peck	director	Barbara Kopple
La Bohème (1926 film)	director	King Vidor
Corações em Suplício	director	Eugenio Centenaro Kerrigan
Jane and the Lost City	director	Terry Marcel
Do Risos e Lagrimas	director	Alberto Traversa
O Guaraní	director	Vittorio Capellaro
The Patsy (1928 film)	director	King Vidor
La ragazza di Bube (film)	director	Luigi Comencini
Mélo	director	Alain Resnais
Triangle (The X-Files)	director	Chris Carter (screenwriter)
The Kiss in the Tunnel	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
Target Earth (film)	director	Sherman A. Rose
Youth of Chopin	director	Aleksander Ford
How Do I Look	director	Wolfgang Busch
Famicom Tantei Club: Kieta Kōkeisha	director	Satoru Okada
Westward Ho, the Wagons!	director	William Beaudine
Butch Jamie	director	Michelle Ehlen
Up in Smoke (CSI)	director	Duane Clark
Shadows of Time	director	Florian Gallenberger
Manadhai Thirudivittai	director	R. D. Narayanamurthy
Pop Carn (2003 film)	director	Nassar
Piedone a Hong Kong	director	Stefano Vanzina
Rocket Man (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Michael Smith (director)
View from up Here	director	Alex Chapple
Wild, Wild Planet	director	Antonio Margheriti
Luke, Crystal Gazer	director	Hal Roach
Luke's Lost Lamb	director	Hal Roach
Luke Does the Midway	director	Hal Roach
Luke Joins the Navy	director	Hal Roach
Luke and the Mermaids	director	Hal Roach
Twilight (2008 film)	director	Catherine Hardwicke
Luke's Speedy Club Life	director	Hal Roach
Luke and the Bang-Tails	director	Hal Roach
Luke, the Chauffeur	director	Hal Roach
Luke's Preparedness Preparations	director	Hal Roach
Luke, the Gladiator	director	Hal Roach
Luke, Patient Provider	director	Hal Roach
Agatha Christie's Partners in Crime	director	John A. Davis
Agatha Christie's Partners in Crime	director	Tony Wharmby
Something, Something, Something, Dark Side	director	Dominic Polcino
Forbidden Love: The Unashamed Stories of Lesbian Lives	director	Lynne Fernie
Forbidden Love: The Unashamed Stories of Lesbian Lives	director	Aerlyn Weissman
Cockroaches (CSI)	director	William Friedkin
How to Lose Friends & Alienate People (film)	director	Robert B. Weide
The Video Singles	director	Peter Care
Room for One More (film)	director	Norman Taurog
And That's Not All...	director	Duncan Gibbins
And That's Not All...	director	Midge Ure
And That's Not All...	director	Chris Cross
The Greatest Hits Collection (video)	director	Midge Ure
The Greatest Hits Collection (video)	director	Chris Cross
The Greatest Hits Collection (video)	director	Duncan Gibbins
The Greatest Hits Collection (video)	director	Peter Care
The Greatest Hits Collection (video)	director	Big TV!
Beyond the Horizon (film)	director	Aung Lwin
Santa Baby (film)	director	Ron Underwood
Ira and Abby	director	Robert Cary (director)
The Counterfeit Traitor	director	George Seaton
Happy-Go-Lucky	director	Mike Leigh
Luke's Newsie Knockout	director	Hal Roach
Luke's Movie Muddle	director	Hal Roach
Luke, Rank Impersonator	director	Hal Roach
Luke's Fireworks Fizzle	director	Hal Roach
Luke Locates the Loot	director	Hal Roach
Luke's Shattered Sleep	director	Hal Roach
The Angry River	director	Huang Feng
Luke's Lost Liberty	director	Hal Roach
Luke's Busy Day	director	Hal Roach
Luke's Trolley Troubles	director	Hal Roach
Lonesome Luke, Lawyer	director	Hal Roach
Depths (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Norberto Barba
Luke Wins Ye Ladye Faire	director	Hal Roach
Lonesome Luke's Lively Life	director	Hal Roach
Lonesome Luke on Tin Can Alley	director	Hal Roach
Lonesome Luke's Honeymoon	director	Hal Roach
Lonesome Luke, Plumber	director	Hal Roach
Stop! Luke! Listen!	director	Hal Roach
Lonesome Luke, Messenger	director	Hal Roach
Lonesome Luke, Mechanic	director	Hal Roach
Lonesome Luke's Wild Women	director	Hal Roach
Indiscreet (1931 film)	director	Leo McCarey
Rock & Roll (film)	director	Ranjith (director)
Over the Fence (1917 film)	director	Harold Lloyd
Over the Fence (1917 film)	director	J. Farrell MacDonald
Pinched	director	Harold Lloyd
Pinched	director	Gilbert Pratt
Flash (2007 film)	director	Sibi Malayil
By the Sad Sea Waves	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Bliss (1917 film)	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Totally Bill Hicks	director	Kevin Booth
The Trip (2002 film)	director	Miles Swain
Clubs Are Trump	director	Hal Roach
I Am an Animal	director	Matthew Galkin
Distant Past	director	Jay Torres
Black and White Swordsman	director	Mo Man Hung
Spin The Bottle (1999 film)	director	Jamie Yerkes
Fog Over Frisco	director	William Dieterle
The Limits of Control	director	Jim Jarmusch
Fool's Gold (2008 film)	director	Andy Tennant
The Bold Ones: The New Doctors	director	Jeremy Kagan
The Bold Ones: The New Doctors	director	John Badham
The Bold Ones: The New Doctors	director	Richard Benedict
The Bold Ones: The New Doctors	director	Abner Biberman
The Bold Ones: The New Doctors	director	Michael Caffey
The Bold Ones: The New Doctors	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
The Bold Ones: The New Doctors	director	Robert E. Collins
The Bold Ones: The New Doctors	director	Daryl Duke
The Bold Ones: The New Doctors	director	Alf Kjellin
The Bold Ones: The New Doctors	director	Jerry Lewis
The Bold Ones: The New Doctors	director	Don McDougall (director)
The Bold Ones: The New Doctors	director	Frank Pierson
The Bold Ones: The New Doctors	director	Barry Shear
The Bold Ones: The New Doctors	director	Jud Taylor
City of Rott	director	Frank Sudol
Dirty Dingus Magee	director	Burt Kennedy
The Chances of the World Changing	director	Eric Daniel Metzgar
All Aboard (film)	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Groupie Girl	director	Derek Ford
The Sex Thief	director	Martin Campbell
Move On (1917 film)	director	Gilbert Pratt
The Blade Spares None	director	Teddy Yip Wing Cho
Bashful (film)	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Step Lively (1917 film)	director	Alfred J. Goulding
The Big Idea (1917 film)	director	Gilbert Pratt
The Chase (1971 film)	director	Wong Tin-lam
The Comet Strikes	director	Lo Wei
My Number One Doctor	director	Will Mackenzie
The Tip	director	Gilbert Pratt
The Lamb (film)	director	Harold Lloyd
The Lamb (film)	director	Gilbert Pratt
Hit Him Again	director	Gilbert Pratt
A Gasoline Wedding	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Beat It (film)	director	Gilbert Pratt
Look Pleasant, Please	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Here Come the Girls (1918 film)	director	Fred Hibbard
Let's Go (film)	director	Alfred J. Goulding
On the Jump	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Follow the Crowd (film)	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Pipe the Whiskers	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Heart of a Dog (film)	director	Vladimir Bortko
Sundara Purushan	director	Sabapathy Dekshinamurthy
Beggars of Life	director	William A. Wellman
The Bold Ones: The Lawyers	director	Douglas Heyes
Intergirl	director	Pyotr Todorovsky
G (film)	director	Christopher Scott Cherot
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil (film)	director	Clint Eastwood
38 Parrots	director	Ivan Ufimtsev
New Jersey Drive	director	Nick Gomez
Zeitgeist: The Movie	director	Peter Joseph
The Blue Umbrella (film)	director	Vishal Bhardwaj
Great Day in the Morning	director	Jacques Tourneur
Purple Violets	director	Edward Burns
We Lived for Estonia	director	Andres Sööt
Dharavi (film)	director	Sudhir Mishra
It's a Wild Life	director	Gilbert Pratt
Hey There!	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Kicked Out	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Devil May Cry (video game)	director	Hideki Kamiya
The Non-Stop Kid	director	Gilbert Pratt
Knutzy Knights	director	Jules White
Two-Gun Gussie	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Fireman Save My Child	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Insight (TV series)	director	Lew V. Adams
Insight (TV series)	director	Richard Beymer
The Bold Ones: The Protectors	director	Daryl Duke
The Bold Ones: The Protectors	director	Lamont Johnson
The City Slicker	director	Gilbert Pratt
Jimmy the Gent (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Sic 'Em, Towser	director	Gilbert Pratt
Somewhere in Turkey	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Are Crooks Dishonest?	director	Gilbert Pratt
An Ozark Romance	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Kicking the Germ Out of Germany	director	Alfred J. Goulding
That's Him	director	Gilbert Pratt
Bride and Gloom (film)	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Two Scrambled	director	Gilbert Pratt
Bees in His Bonnet	director	Gilbert Pratt
Swing Your Partners	director	Alfred J. Goulding
That Certain Woman	director	Edmund Goulding
3 Dumb Clucks	director	Del Lord
Lasileuka	director	Zaida Bergroth
Black Samurai	director	Al Adamson
Banished (film)	director	Marco Williams
Scene of the Crime (1986 film)	director	André Téchiné
Sugar and Spice (Australian TV series)	director	John Gauci
À nous les petites Anglaises	director	Michel Lang
Song of Love (film)	director	Clarence Brown
The Truce (1997 film)	director	Francesco Rosi
The Brotherhood of Satan	director	Bernard McEveety
Party (1984 film)	director	Govind Nihalani
The Band's Visit	director	Eran Kolirin
Le Bal (film)	director	Ettore Scola
A Place in the World (film)	director	Adolfo Aristarain
Dharm (film)	director	Bhavna Talwar
Adolphe (film)	director	Benoît Jacquot
Saraband for Dead Lovers	director	Basil Dearden
Back to the Woods (1918 film)	director	Hal Roach
It's Love I'm After	director	Archie Mayo
Hear 'Em Rave	director	Gilbert Pratt
Take a Chance (1918 film)	director	Alfred J. Goulding
The Hot Scots	director	Edward Bernds
The Invitation (film)	director	Claude Goretta
The Constant Factor	director	Krzysztof Zanussi
Mutant (film)	director	John Cardos
Immortal Sergeant	director	John M. Stahl
Heidi (1968 film)	director	Delbert Mann
Luke and Lucy: The Texas Rangers	director	Mark Mertens
Luke and Lucy: The Texas Rangers	director	Wim Bien
Strike (2006 film)	director	Volker Schlöndorff
Nicholas Nickleby (1947 film)	director	Alberto Cavalcanti
Zus & Zo	director	Paula van der Oest
Collective (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
Divided We Fall (film)	director	Jan Hřebejk
Le Roi danse	director	Gérard Corbiau
Blink (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Don Scardino
Daddy (1989 film)	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Janam	director	Mahesh Bhatt
The Office (film)	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Pink Prison	director	Lisbeth Lynghøft
No End (film)	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Winter Meeting	director	Bretaigne Windust
Wanted – $5,000	director	Gilbert Pratt
Going! Going! Gone!	director	Gilbert Pratt
On the Fire	director	Hal Roach
Time Share (2000 film)	director	Sharon von Wietersheim
Iron King	director	Noriaki Yuasa
June Bride	director	Bretaigne Windust
Jiya Jale	director	Siddhartha Basu
Max & Co	director	Samuel Guillaume
Max & Co	director	Frédéric Guillaume
Maisie (film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
Dreamboat (film)	director	Claude Binyon
Chocolate (2007 film)	director	Shafi (director)
Mr. Peabody and the Mermaid	director	Irving Pichel
Under the Sun (film)	director	Colin Nutley
Poussières de vie	director	Rachid Bouchareb
All Things Fair	director	Bo Widerberg
The Ox	director	Sven Nykvist
Hedd Wyn (film)	director	Paul Turner (director)
Children of Nature	director	Friðrik Þór Friðriksson
Der Hauptmann von Köpenick (1956 film)	director	Helmut Käutner
Qivitoq	director	Erik Balling
The Devil Came at Night	director	Robert Siodmak
Arms and the Man (film)	director	Franz Peter Wirth
Paw (film)	director	Astrid Henning-Jensen
The Village on the River	director	Fons Rademakers
Arohan (film)	director	Shyam Benegal
Waltzing Regitze	director	Kaspar Rostrup
38 – Auch das war Wien	director	Wolfgang Glück
Susman (film)	director	Shyam Benegal
Angry Harvest	director	Agnieszka Holland
Wartime Romance	director	Pyotr Todorovsky
Camila (film)	director	María Luisa Bemberg
Private Life (film)	director	Yuli Raizman
Alsino and the Condor	director	Miguel Littín
The Boat Is Full	director	Markus Imhoof
Bizalom	director	István Szabó
A Simple Story (1978 film)	director	Claude Sautet
White Bim Black Ear	director	Stanislav Rostotsky
Nights and Days	director	Jerzy Antczak
Jacob, the Liar	director	Frank Beyer
Letters from Marusia	director	Miguel Littín
Sandakan No. 8	director	Kei Kumai
Cats' Play	director	Károly Makk
The Truce (1974 film)	director	Sergio Renán
I Love You Rosa	director	Moshé Mizrahi
Tchaikovsky (film)	director	Igor Talankin
Hoa-Binh (film)	director	Raoul Coutard
The Army Show	director	John Ferraro
The Army Show	director	Rob Schiller
The Bill Dana Show	director	Sheldon Leonard
The Bill Dana Show	director	Danny Thomas
The Bill Dana Show	director	Theodore J. Flicker
The Bill Dana Show	director	Howard Morris
The Bill Dana Show	director	Jerry Paris
The Bill Dana Show	director	Jay Sandrich
The Baileys of Balboa	director	Bob Sweeney (director)
Cactus Makes Perfect (film)	director	Del Lord
Look Out Below	director	Hal Roach
The Dutiful Dub	director	Alfred J. Goulding
A Sammy in Siberia	director	Hal Roach
Just Dropped In	director	Hal Roach
Young Mr. Jazz	director	Hal Roach
Crack Your Heels	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Kharij	director	Mrinal Sen
Three Days (2001 film)	director	Michael Switzer
Where Angels Go, Trouble Follows	director	James Neilson (director)
Sole Survivor (1983 film)	director	Thom Eberhardt
The Secret of Kells	director	Tomm Moore
The Secret of Kells	director	Nora Twomey
Summer Holiday (1948 film)	director	Rouben Mamoulian
Erik the Conqueror	director	Mario Bava
Don't Go Near the Water (film)	director	Charles Walters
Back from Eternity	director	John Farrow
The Brothers Karamazov (1969 film)	director	Kirill Lavrov
The Brothers Karamazov (1969 film)	director	Ivan Pyryev
The Brothers Karamazov (1969 film)	director	Mikhail Ulyanov
The Girl with the Pistol	director	Mario Monicelli
El amor brujo (1967 film)	director	Francisco Rovira Beleta
Three (1965 film)	director	Aleksandar Petrović (film director)
Pharaoh (film)	director	Jerzy Kawalerowicz
Dear John (1964 film)	director	Lars-Magnus Lindgren
Raven's End	director	Bo Widerberg
The Red Lanterns	director	Vasilis Georgiadis
Immortal Love	director	Keisuke Kinoshita
Harry and the Butler	director	Bent Christensen (director)
The Bold Ones: The Senator	director	Ernest Kinoy
The Bold Ones: The Senator	director	Daryl Duke
The Bold Ones: The Senator	director	John Badham
The Truth (1960 film)	director	Henri-Georges Clouzot
The Ninth Circle	director	France Štiglic
Shinran: Path to Purity	director	Rentaro Mikuni
Tie Xi Qu: West of the Tracks	director	Wang Bing (director)
The Comic	director	Carl Reiner
Saw V	director	David Hackl
La familia P. Luche	director	Eugenio Derbez
Ring Up the Curtain	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Si, Senor	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Before Breakfast	director	Hal Roach
The Marathon	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Pistols for Breakfast	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Three Little Sew and Sews	director	Del Lord
Off the Trolley	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Spring Fever (1919 film)	director	Hal Roach
Technotise: Edit & I	director	Aleksa Gajić
Phone Call from a Stranger	director	Jean Negulesco
Papa's Delicate Condition	director	George Marshall (director)
Aladdin (Zee TV)	director	Nikhil Sinha
Touch of Death (1961 film)	director	Lance Comfort
Sabbatical (TV series)	director	Ken Girotti
William Shatner's Gonzo Ballet	director	Bobby Ciraldo
William Shatner's Gonzo Ballet	director	Kevin Layne
William Shatner's Gonzo Ballet	director	Andrew Swant
The New Breed (TV series)	director	Walter Grauman
The New Breed (TV series)	director	Joseph Pevney
The New Breed (TV series)	director	Pat Silver-Lasky
The New Breed (TV series)	director	Hank Searls
Billy Blazes, Esq.	director	Hal Roach
Just Neighbors	director	Harold Lloyd
At the Old Stage Door	director	Hal Roach
Never Touched Me	director	Alfred J. Goulding
A Jazzed Honeymoon	director	Hal Roach
Count Your Change	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Chop Suey & Co.	director	Hal Roach
Heap Big Chief	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Don't Shove	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Be My Wife (film)	director	Hal Roach
The Rajah	director	Hal Roach
He Leads, Others Follow	director	Vincent P. Bryan
He Leads, Others Follow	director	Hal Roach
Soft Money (film)	director	Vincent P. Bryan
Soft Money (film)	director	Hal Roach
Count the Votes	director	Hal Roach
Pay Your Dues	director	Vincent P. Bryan
Pay Your Dues	director	Hal Roach
Call of the Wild (TV series)	director	Zale Dalen
Call of the Wild (TV series)	director	Jorge Montesi
Call of the Wild (TV series)	director	David Winning
Midnight Eagle	director	Izuru Narushima
His Only Father	director	Hal Roach
HaShminiya	director	Ruby Duenyas
Bumping into Broadway	director	Hal Roach
Captain Kidd's Kids	director	Hal Roach
From Hand to Mouth	director	Alfred J. Goulding
From Hand to Mouth	director	Hal Roach
His Royal Slyness	director	Hal Roach
An Eastern Westerner	director	Hal Roach
The Serpent (2006 film)	director	Eric Barbier
Encore, Once More Encore!	director	Pyotr Todorovsky
Four Feathers	director	J. Searle Dawley
Bunny O'Hare	director	Gerd Oswald
Calling All Curs	director	Jules White
No Time for Comedy	director	William Keighley
Hard to Handle	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Who Killed Dr Bogle and Mrs Chandler?	director	Peter Butt
Belizaire the Cajun	director	Glen Pitre
Crossing Over (film)	director	Wayne Kramer (filmmaker)
Skyggen (film)	director	Thomas Borch Nielsen
The Young Stranger	director	John Frankenheimer
Crossroads (1942 film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Confession (film)	director	Joe May
Bons baisers de Hong Kong	director	Yvan Chiffre
Waterland (film)	director	Stephen Gyllenhaal
Always Tell Your Wife	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Raffles (1930 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
Raffles (1930 film)	director	Harry d'Abbadie d'Arrast
Raffles (1939 film)	director	Sam Wood
Madame Sin	director	David Greene (director)
Bratty Babies	director	Harvey Frost
Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant	director	Paul Weitz (filmmaker)
A Cream Cracker under the Settee	director	Stuart Burge
Sick Nurses	director	Piraphan Laoyont
Sick Nurses	director	Thodsapol Siriwiwat
The Working Man	director	John G. Adolfi
Front Page Woman	director	Michael Curtiz
Loin (film)	director	André Téchiné
Christopher Columbus (1949 film)	director	David MacDonald (director)
Kamen Rider Kiva	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Kamen Rider Kiva	director	Hidenori Ishida
Kamen Rider Kiva	director	Kenzo Maihara
Kamen Rider Kiva	director	Naomi Tamura
Kamen Rider Kiva	director	Takao Nagaishi
Kamen Rider Kiva	director	Shōjirō Nakazawa
Wuthering Heights (1954 film)	director	Luis Buñuel
Scarlet Sails (film)	director	Aleksandr Ptushko
The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas (film)	director	Colin Higgins
Heaven with a Gun	director	Lee H. Katzin
Kondura	director	Shyam Benegal
Charandas Chor	director	Shyam Benegal
Hell's House	director	Howard Higgin
The Tiger Blade	director	Theeratorn Siriphunvaraporn
Ex-Lady	director	Robert Florey
A Ducking They Did Go	director	Del Lord
Hokus Pokus (1949 film)	director	Jules White
Flagpole Jitters	director	Jules White
Bearing Witness	director	Barbara Kopple
Three Strangers	director	Jean Negulesco
Scotched in Scotland	director	Jules White
Pigs (film)	director	Karl DiPelino
All the World's a Stooge	director	Del Lord
From Nurse to Worse (1940 film)	director	Jules White
No Census, No Feeling	director	Del Lord
Witness to the Mob	director	Thaddeus O'Sullivan
Yes, We Have No Bonanza	director	Del Lord
Tiësto in Concert	director	Peter van Eyndt
Saved by the Belle	director	Charley Chase
Reptilian (film)	director	Shim Hyung-rae
Mary Tyler Moore: The 20th Anniversary Show	director	Jack Haley, Jr.
Sinful Davey	director	John Huston
We Were Strangers	director	John Huston
A Walk with Love and Death	director	John Huston
Sodom and Gomorrah (1922 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Fraternity Row (film)	director	Thomas Joseph Tobin
The Mary Tyler Moore Reunion	director	Gary Smith
PVC-1	director	Spiros Stathoulopoulos
Beyond the Call	director	Adrian Belic
The Little People of Killany Woods (The Twilight Zone)	director	J.D. Feigelson
Cold Reading (The Twilight Zone)	director	Gus Trikonis
To a Tee	director	Matt Riddlehoover
Snuff-Movie (film)	director	Bernard Rose (director)
Rockin' thru the Rockies	director	Jules White
Bureau of Missing Persons	director	Roy Del Ruth
The Wizard of Oz (1933 film)	director	Ted Eshbaugh
Cookoo Cavaliers	director	Jules White
So Long Mr. Chumps	director	Jules White
Up in Daisy's Penthouse	director	Jules White
Up the Down Staircase (film)	director	Robert Mulligan
Made of Honor	director	Paul Weiland
Conquest of the Pole	director	Georges Méliès
Ek Musafir Ek Hasina	director	Raj Khosla
In the Sweet Pie and Pie	director	Jules White
What's the Matador?	director	Jules White
Sappy Bull Fighters	director	Jules White
Dong (film)	director	Jia Zhangke
The Office: The Accountants	director	Randall Einhorn
The Big Shakedown	director	John Francis Dillon (director)
Mexican Werewolf in Texas	director	Scott Maginnis
The Brotherhood (1968 film)	director	Martin Ritt
A Small Domain	director	Britta Sjogren
In Which Cooper Finds a Port in His Storm	director	Mark Tinker
Pretty Bird	director	Paul Schneider (actor)
Mr. Fix It (film)	director	Darin Ferriola
Wunschkonzert	director	Eduard von Borsody
65 Revisited	director	D. A. Pennebaker
Out of Life	director	Maroun Bagdadi
Mithunam	director	Priyadarshan
My Brother-in-law Killed My Sister	director	Jacques Rouffio
A Kiss Before Dying (1956 film)	director	Gerd Oswald
James Blunt: Return to Kosovo	director	Steven Cantor
There Goes the Neighborhood (film)	director	Bill Phillips
The Invisible Children of Love	director	Shubho
Budtameez	director	Manmohan Desai
Alice in Wonderland (2010 film)	director	Tim Burton
The Call of Youth	director	Hugh Ford
Agent trouble	director	Jean-Pierre Mocky
La Menace	director	Alain Corneau
Flying Saucer Daffy	director	Jules White
He Cooked His Goose	director	Jules White
Too Many Crooks	director	Mario Zampi
Heart & Soul: The Life and Music of Frank Loesser	director	Walter J. Gottlieb
Commotion on the Ocean	director	Jules White
Copacabana (1947 film)	director	Alfred E. Green
Delovak Athara	director	Lester James Peries
A Boy Named Sue (film)	director	Julie Wyman
Remix (film)	director	Martin Hagbjer
Fashions of 1934	director	William Dieterle
Bloodshed (film)	director	Jim McMahon
The Girl from 10th Avenue	director	Alfred E. Green
Special Agent (1935 film)	director	William Keighley
Appearances (film)	director	Donald Crisp
Matri-Phony	director	Harry Edwards (director)
Even as IOU	director	Del Lord
Three Smart Saps	director	Jules White
Sock-a-Bye Baby	director	Jules White
Adventure Island (film)	director	Sam Newfield
Spook Louder	director	Del Lord
Le Chaos	director	Youssef Chahine
Le Chaos	director	Khaled Youssef
Idle Roomers (1944 film)	director	Del Lord
Gang War	director	Bert Glennon
Lying Down With Dogs	director	Michael Slovis
White Mane	director	Albert Lamorisse
Ran Salu	director	Lester James Peries
Akkara Paha	director	Lester James Peries
Harold & Kumar	director	Danny Leiner
Harold & Kumar	director	Jon Hurwitz
Harold & Kumar	director	Hayden Schlossberg
Desa Nisa	director	Lester James Peries
The Man Who Came to Dinner (film)	director	William Keighley
The Mystery Road	director	Paul Powell (director)
The Princess of New York	director	Donald Crisp
Blanche Fury	director	Marc Allégret
Regel nr. 1	director	Oliver Ussing
Dangerous Lies	director	Paul Powell (director)
The Bonnie Brier Bush	director	Donald Crisp
Fight or Flight (documentary)	director	Peter J McCarthy
Fight or Flight (documentary)	director	Shane Sutton
More with Less	director	Joe Chappelle
Eve of Destruction (film)	director	Duncan Gibbins
The Mutants (film)	director	Teresa Villaverde
April Maze	director	Otto Messmer
The Awakening (1980 film)	director	Mike Newell (director)
The Baron of Arizona	director	Samuel Fuller
Three Live Ghosts (1922 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
29th and Gay	director	Carrie Preston
The Night the Animals Talked	director	Shamus Culhane
Back from the Front	director	Jules White
Three Little Twirps	director	Harry Edwards (director)
Higher Than a Kite	director	Del Lord
Phony Express	director	Del Lord
A Gem of a Jam	director	Del Lord
The God King	director	Lester James Peries
We Must Do Our Best	director	Van Dyke Brooke
A Bird in the Head	director	Edward Bernds
Nightmare Sisters	director	David DeCoteau
The Smart Set (1928 film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Alias Jimmy Valentine	director	Jack Conway
Pilot (Cold Feet)	director	Declan Lowney
Our Blood Will Not Forgive	director	Seijun Suzuki
Coast to Coast (1987 film)	director	Sandy Johnson
Gamer (film)	director	Neveldine/Taylor
Concert of Requests	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Catacombs (2007 film)	director	Tomm Coker
Our Girl Friday	director	Noel Langley
Opapatika	director	Thanakorn Pongsuwan
Hum Aapke Dil Mein Rehte Hain	director	Satish Kaushik
Udhaar Ki Zindagi	director	K.V. Raju
Taaqat (1995 film)	director	Talat Jani
Hulchul (1995 film)	director	Anees Bazmee
Bambai Ka Babu (1996 film)	director	Vikram Bhatt
Sins (film)	director	Vinod Pande
Love's Boomerang	director	John S. Robertson
Female Convict Scorpion: Jailhouse 41	director	Shunya Itō
Raju Chacha	director	Anil Devgan
Waarom heeft niemand mij verteld dat het zo erg zou worden in Afghanistan	director	Cyrus Frisch
SlamNation	director	Paul Devlin (filmmaker)
Female Convict Scorpion: Beast Stable	director	Shunya Itō
Fuelin' Around	director	Edward Bernds
Female Convict Scorpion: Grudge Song	director	Yasuharu Hasebe
Who Done It? (1949 film)	director	Edward Bernds
Calendar (1993 film)	director	Atom Egoyan
Matrjoschka	director	Karin Hoerler
Power Trip (film)	director	Paul Devlin (filmmaker)
17 Again (film)	director	Burr Steers
Lolita's Club	director	Vicente Aranda
No Exit (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
Paradise Found (film)	director	Mario Andreacchio
Crash Goes the Hash	director	Jules White
Crossed Lines (2007 film)	director	Liu Yiwei
Crossed Lines (2007 film)	director	Lin Jinhe
Busy Buddies (film)	director	Del Lord
Musty Musketeers	director	Jules White
Tricky Dicks	director	Jules White
The Guild	director	Greg Benson
The Guild	director	Sean Michael Becker
Dead Season (film)	director	Savva Kulish
The Spanish Jade	director	John S. Robertson
Brewster's Millions (1914 film)	director	Oscar Apfel
Brewster's Millions (1914 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Eight Immortals (film)	director	Chan Hung Man
La Baie des Anges	director	Jacques Demy
The Fast Sword	director	Huang Feng
Freedom from Despair	director	Brenda Brkusic
The Prince and the Pauper (1937 film)	director	William Keighley
The Prince and the Pauper (1937 film)	director	William Dieterle
Bullets or Ballots	director	William Keighley
The Eclipse: Courtship of the Sun and Moon	director	Georges Méliès
The Island (1979 film)	director	Alejandro Doria
Torrid Zone	director	William Keighley
The Revengers' Comedies (film)	director	Malcolm Mowbray
The Yoke's on Me	director	Jules White
The Dawning	director	Robert Knights
Far From Home (1989 film)	director	Meiert Avis
The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency episodes (season 3)	director	Troll 2
Ghatashraddha	director	Girish Kasaravalli
Fatal Deviation	director	Shay Casserley
Tumse Achcha Kaun Hai	director	Deepak Anand
CityKids	director	Rick Friedberg
CityKids	director	Randall Miller
Diksha (film)	director	Arun Kaul
Gents Without Cents	director	Jules White
George Washington Slept Here	director	William Keighley
The Only Son (1914 film)	director	Oscar Apfel
The Only Son (1914 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Only Son (1914 film)	director	William C. deMille
The Man on the Box	director	Oscar Apfel
The Man on the Box	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Circus Angel	director	Albert Lamorisse
Williamsburg: the Story of a Patriot	director	George Seaton
Producers' Showcase	director	Kirk Browning
Producers' Showcase	director	Vincent J. Donehue
Producers' Showcase	director	Anatole Litvak
Producers' Showcase	director	Delbert Mann
Producers' Showcase	director	Arthur Penn
Producers' Showcase	director	Alex Segal
Jjhoom India	director	Vipul Amrutlal Shah
Spring Break '83	director	Mars Callahan
Spring Break '83	director	Scott Spiegel
Dodsworth (film)	director	William Wyler
The Last Siege: Never Surrender	director	Worth Keeter
Pride of the Marines	director	Delmer Daves
Batman: Gotham Knight	director	Toshi Hiruma
Batman: Gotham Knight	director	Bruce Timm
Wild Boys of the Road	director	William A. Wellman
Dynamite (film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Scanners II: The New Order	director	Christian Duguay (director)
Yangon International Educare Center	director	Tom Egerton
Lady of Burlesque	director	William A. Wellman
A Game for Vultures	director	James Fargo
Westward the Women	director	William A. Wellman
Heroes for Sale	director	William A. Wellman
Sete Pecados (telenovela)	director	Jorge Fernando
Scanners III: The Takeover	director	Christian Duguay
Hari-Bhari	director	Shyam Benegal
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer (1938 film)	director	Norman Taurog
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer (1938 film)	director	H. C. Potter
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer (1938 film)	director	George Cukor
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer (1938 film)	director	William A. Wellman
Scanner Cop	director	Pierre David
Little Miss Broadway	director	Irving Cummings
The Call of the North	director	Oscar Apfel
The Call of the North	director	Cecil B. DeMille
What's His Name	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Lighthouse (film)	director	Simon Hunter
Treasure Island (1972 animated film)	director	Hal Sutherland
Footsteps in the Fog	director	Arthur Lubin
Two Lovers (film)	director	James Gray (film director)
La Rage de l'ange	director	Dan Bigras
The Sharp End	director	Brian Parker
The Sharp End	director	David Penn
Case Closed: Full Score of Fear	director	Yasuichiro Yamamoto
Aga Bai Arrecha	director	Kedar Shinde
The Mars Canon	director	Shiori Kazama
Nijinsky (film)	director	Herbert Ross
Lotte from Gadgetville	director	Heiki Ernits
Lotte from Gadgetville	director	Janno Põldma
The Secret of Moonacre	director	Gábor Csupó
Man-Trap	director	Edmond O'Brien
Storm Warning (2007 film)	director	Jamie Blanks
American Pie (film series)	director	Paul Weitz (filmmaker)
American Pie (film series)	director	Chris Weitz
American Pie (film series)	director	J. B. Rogers
American Pie (film series)	director	Jesse Dylan
American Pie (film series)	director	Steve Rash
American Pie (film series)	director	Joe Nussbaum
American Pie (film series)	director	John Putch
American Pie (film series)	director	Jon Hurwitz
American Pie (film series)	director	Hayden Schlossberg
Scene of the Crime (1996 film)	director	Terence H. Winkless
Three Pests in a Mess	director	Del Lord
Booby Dupes	director	Del Lord
A Family Secret	director	Ghyslaine Côté
The Days (film)	director	Wang Xiaoshuai
Mail Order Bride (1964 film)	director	Burt Kennedy
The Man from Home (1914 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Names in Marble (film)	director	Elmo Nüganen
Ek Daav Bhutacha	director	Ravi Namade
The Man from Home (1922 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
Yellow Canary (film)	director	Herbert Wilcox
Aybolit-66	director	Rolan Bykov
Rose of the Rancho	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Ghost Breaker	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Ghost Breaker	director	Oscar Apfel
The Girl of the Golden West (1915 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Talk About a Stranger	director	David Bradley (director)
After Five	director	Cecil B. DeMille
After Five	director	Oscar Apfel
Lee Rock	director	Lawrence Ah Mon
Live Feed	director	Ryan Nicholson
Pardon My Clutch	director	Edward Bernds
Wham Bam Slam	director	Jules White
I'm a Monkey's Uncle	director	Jules White
Stone Age Romeos	director	Jules White
The Warrens of Virginia (1915 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Relative Fear	director	George Mihalka
The Unafraid	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Pit (film)	director	Lew Lehman
The Captive (film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Wild Goose Chase (film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Arab (1915 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Dr. Dolittle: Tail to the Chief	director	Craig Shapiro
Female Yakuza Tale: Inquisition and Torture	director	Teruo Ishii
Past Midnight	director	Jan Eliasberg
Tarzan's Magic Fountain	director	Lee Sholem
Tarzan and the Slave Girl	director	Lee Sholem
Tarzan's Peril	director	Byron Haskin
Mr. Monk and the Man Who Shot Santa Claus	director	Randall Zisk
Tarzan's Savage Fury	director	Cy Endfield
Karzzzz (film)	director	Satish Kaushik
Tarzan and the She-Devil	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
Father Christmas (1991 film)	director	Dave Unwin
Music Land	director	Wilfred Jackson
The Purchase Price	director	William A. Wellman
Shiner (2000 film)	director	John Irvin
Booky and the Secret Santa	director	Peter Moss
Chimmie Fadden	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Kindling (film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Carmen (1915 Cecil B. DeMille film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Chimmie Fadden Out West	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Temptation (film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Golden Chance	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Trail of the Lonesome Pine (1936 film)	director	Henry Hathaway
The Trail of the Lonesome Pine (1916 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Trail of the Lonesome Pine (1923 film)	director	Charles Maigne
The Heart of Nora Flynn	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Aakrosh (1980 film)	director	Govind Nihalani
Richard Burton's Hamlet	director	Bill Colleran
Richard Burton's Hamlet	director	John Gielgud
Maria Rosa	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Dream Girl (film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Joan the Woman	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Lost and Won	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Lost and Won	director	Frank Reicher
Samson and Delilah (1922 film)	director	Alexander Korda
A Romance of the Redwoods	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Little American	director	Cecil B. DeMille
An Independent Life	director	Vitali Kanevsky
The Puppetmaster (film)	director	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
Madol Duwa	director	Lester James Peries
White Flowers for the Dead	director	Lester James Peries
The Van (1996 film)	director	Stephen Frears
Mischief Night (film)	director	Penny Woolcock
Somberi	director	Jonnavithula
Holiday in Handcuffs	director	Ron Underwood
Project X (web serial)	director	Joshua Sikora
Shivering Sherlocks	director	Del Lord
Of Cash and Hash	director	Jules White
Snowglobe (film)	director	Ron Lagomarsino
Positive (film)	director	Farhan Akhtar
For Heaven's Sake (1950 film)	director	George Seaton
Show of Hands (film)	director	Anthony McCarten
The Man Who Loved Yngve	director	Stian Kristiansen
The Threat	director	Felix E. Feist
Man in the Chair	director	Michael Schroeder (director)
Send Me No Flowers	director	Norman Jewison
Secret Truths	director	Donna Deitch
Love Walked In (1997 film)	director	Juan J. Campanella
The Woman God Forgot	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Nan of Music Mountain	director	George Melford
Nan of Music Mountain	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Devil-Stone	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Prisoner of Shark Island	director	John Ford
The Whispering Chorus	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Attention! Bandits!	director	Carlo Lizzani
Abbiamo vinto!	director	Robert A. Stemmle
Cherry Girl	director	Shuta Takahata
The Man in the Net	director	Michael Curtiz
Hide and Go Shriek	director	Skip Schoolnik
The Tony Randall Show	director	Tony Mordente
The Criminal Code	director	Howard Hawks
Shadow on the Wall (film)	director	Pat Jackson
For Love or Money (1963 film)	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
Article VI (film)	director	Jack Donaldson (film director)
Article VI (film)	director	Bryan Hall (film director)
My Name Is Juani	director	Bigas Luna
El desencanto	director	Jaime Chávarri
Todos a la cárcel	director	Luis García Berlanga
Church Hopping (King of the Hill)	director	Robin Brigstocke
The Dead One (1961 film)	director	Barry Mahon
The Day Time Ended	director	John 'Bud' Carlos
The Hands of Orlac (1924 film)	director	Robert Wiene
Female (2005 film)	director	Ryūichi Hiroki
Female (2005 film)	director	Suzuki Matsuo
Female (2005 film)	director	Shinya Tsukamoto
Right Now (film)	director	Benoît Jacquot
Nagamandala	director	T. S. Nagabharana
Unconfirmed Reports	director	Ernest Dickerson
Not for Attribution	director	Joy Lusco
Transitions (The Wire)	director	Dan Attias
Maging Akin Ka Lamang	director	Gil Tejada Jr.
When Willie Comes Marching Home	director	John Ford
Mother Wore Tights	director	Walter Lang
Jeppe på bjerget	director	Kaspar Rostrup
The Magician (2006 film)	director	Cem Yılmaz
The Magician (2006 film)	director	Ali Taner Baltacı
Old Wives for New	director	Cecil B. DeMille
We Can't Have Everything	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Till I Come Back to You	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Forsyte Saga (2002 miniseries)	director	Christopher Menaul
The Forsyte Saga (2002 miniseries)	director	Dave Moore
The Squaw Man (1918 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
I Take This Woman (1940 film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
I Take This Woman (1931 film)	director	Marion Gering
Where Is Parsifal?	director	Henri Helman
The Unprecedented Defence of the Fortress Deutschkreuz	director	Werner Herzog
Precautions Against Fanatics	director	Werner Herzog
Idiots Deluxe	director	Jules White
Historical and Cultural Context of In the Name of the Father	director	Jim Sheridan
The Selfish Giant (film)	director	Peter Sander
Guns a Poppin!	director	Jules White
Kiss of Death (1977 film)	director	Mike Leigh
Look (2007 film)	director	Adam Rifkin
Space Ship Sappy	director	Jules White
The Deadly Spawn	director	Douglas McKeown
Downtown (film)	director	Richard Benjamin
The Love of Siam	director	Chookiat Sakveerakul
Parnell (film)	director	John M. Stahl
The Rock n' Roll Cops	director	Scott Shaw
Don't Change Your Husband	director	Cecil B. DeMille
For Better, for Worse (1919 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Of Human Bondage (1964 film)	director	Ken Hughes
Of Human Bondage (1964 film)	director	Bryan Forbes
Of Human Bondage (1964 film)	director	Henry Hathaway
Last Words (film)	director	Werner Herzog
Camera Three	director	Ivan Cury
Camera Three	director	Merrill Brockway
Wait till Your Mother Gets Home!	director	Bill Persky
The Gate II: Trespassers	director	Tibor Takács (director)
The Adventures of Sergio Mallandro	director	Erasto Filho
Inch'Allah Dimanche	director	Yamina Benguigui
Bhootayyana Maga Ayyu	director	Siddalingaiah
Niagara Motel	director	Gary Yates (director)
The Adventures of Dr. Fu Manchu	director	Franklin Adreon
The Adventures of Dr. Fu Manchu	director	William Witney
Densha Otoko (drama)	director	Takeuchi Hideki
Densha Otoko (drama)	director	Nishiura Masaki
Densha Otoko (drama)	director	Kobayashi Kazuhiro
Murders in the Rue Morgue (1971 film)	director	Gordon Hessler
Why Change Your Wife?	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Something to Think About	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Threepenny Opera (1931 film)	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
V (1983 miniseries)	director	Kenneth Johnson (producer)
Forbidden Fruit (1921 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Affairs of Anatol	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Fool's Paradise (film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Der Nürnberger Parteitag der NSDAP	director	Baldur von Schirach
Four Christmases	director	Seth Gordon
Ulta Palta	director	N.S. Shankar
Crank: High Voltage	director	Neveldine/Taylor
Whatever Lola Wants (film)	director	Nabil Ayouch
Bonanza: Under Attack	director	Mark Tinker
The Guardians (TV series)	director	Robert Tronson
The Guardians (TV series)	director	Derek Bailey
Straža na Drini	director	Branko Marjanović
The Tommyknockers (TV miniseries)	director	John Power
The Irony of Fate 2	director	Timur Bekmambetov
Ceiling Zero	director	Howard Hawks
The Girl Most Likely	director	Mitchell Leisen
Captain Kidd and the Slave Girl	director	Lew Landers
China Girl (1942 film)	director	Henry Hathaway
FBI Girl	director	William A. Berke
The Platinum Rule (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Where Were You When the Lights Went Out?	director	Hy Averback
Sharpshooter (film)	director	Armand Mastroianni
Break the Bank (1976 game show)	director	Richard S. Kline
Huie's Sermon	director	Werner Herzog
Break the Bank (1985 game show)	director	Richard S. Kline
Welcome to Kanagawa	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Ma Barker's Killer Brood	director	Bill Karn
She's Oil Mine	director	Jules White
Stop, Look and Laugh	director	Don Appell
Stop, Look and Laugh	director	Omega SA
Stop, Look and Laugh	director	Jules White
Callas Forever	director	Franco Zeffirelli
Cult of the Cobra	director	Francis D. Lyon
Fear City	director	Abel Ferrara
Hangman's Knot	director	Roy Huggins
Little Britain USA	director	Michael Patrick Jann
Little Britain USA	director	David Schwimmer
Forgotten Ellis Island (film)	director	Lorie Conway
Recognition of the Japanese Zero Fighter	director	Bernard Vorhaus
Staring at the Sun (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Jeff Melman
Into the Sun (1992 film)	director	Fritz Kiersch
Letters from Iwo Jima	director	Clint Eastwood
Tuesday in November	director	John Houseman
The Big Doll House	director	Jack Hill
Saturday Night (1922 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Manslaughter (1922 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Adam's Rib (1923 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Twenty:20 (film)	director	Joshi (director)
Virtue (film)	director	Edward Buzzell
Triumph (1924 film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Flying Doctors of East Africa	director	Werner Herzog
Feet of Clay (film)	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Golden Bed	director	Cecil B. DeMille
The Road to Yesterday	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Roadflower	director	Deran Sarafian
Don't Forget You're Going to Die	director	Xavier Beauvois
The Day the Earth Stood Still (2008 film)	director	Scott Derrickson
Cabin Pressure (film)	director	Alan Simmonds
Scheming Schemers	director	Jules White
Everybody Loves Sunshine	director	Andrew Goth
Hot Stuff (1956 film)	director	Jules White
Rumpus in the Harem	director	Jules White
Sweet and Hot	director	Jules White
Pies and Guys	director	Jules White
Jhoomar	director	Syed Noor
Fifi Blows Her Top	director	Jules White
Quiz Whizz	director	Jules White
Outer Space Jitters	director	Jules White
Rusty Romeos	director	Jules White
Walking Back	director	Rupert Julian
Walking Back	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Twists of Fate	director	Jerzy Stuhr
Horsing Around	director	Jules White
If a Body Meets a Body	director	Jules White
Uncivil War Birds	director	Jules White
The Three Troubledoers	director	Edward Bernds
Monkey Businessmen	director	Edward Bernds
Three Loan Wolves	director	Jules White
G.I. Wanna Home	director	Jules White
Three Little Pirates	director	Edward Bernds
Fright Night (1947 film)	director	Edward Bernds
Out West (1947 film)	director	Edward Bernds
All Gummed Up	director	Jules White
Drive a Crooked Road	director	Richard Quine
Crime on Their Hands	director	Edward Bernds
The Ghost Talks (1949 film)	director	Jules White
Not of This Earth (1988 film)	director	Jim Wynorski
Vagabond Loafers	director	Edward Bernds
Punchy Cowpunchers	director	Edward Bernds
Hugs and Mugs	director	Jules White
Dopey Dicks	director	Edward Bernds
Love at First Bite (1950 film)	director	Jules White
Self-Made Maids	director	Jules White
Three Hams on Rye	director	Jules White
Studio Stoops	director	Edward Bernds
Slaphappy Sleuths	director	Jules White
Three Arabian Nuts	director	Edward Bernds
Don't Throw That Knife	director	Jules White
Scrambled Brains	director	Jules White
Merry Mavericks	director	Edward Bernds
Hula-La-La	director	Hugh McCollum
The Tooth Will Out	director	Edward Bernds
Pest Man Wins	director	Jules White
Listen, Judge	director	Edward Bernds
Corny Casanovas	director	Jules White
Gents in a Jam	director	Edward Bernds
Furnace (film)	director	William Butler (actor)
Three Dark Horses	director	Jules White
Cuckoo on a Choo Choo	director	Jules White
Son of the Shark	director	Agnès Merlet
What Remains of Us	director	Hugo Latulippe
What Remains of Us	director	François Prévost
Transcendent Man	director	Barry Ptolemy
Let's Get Tough!	director	Wallace Fox
Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Mohali	director	Narayanasami Sathyamurthy
Ring of Fire (1991 film)	director	George Casey
Rip, Sew and Stitch	director	Jules White
Bubble Trouble (film)	director	Jules White
Goof on the Roof	director	Jules White
Income Tax Sappy	director	Jules White
Pals and Gals	director	Jules White
Shot in the Frontier	director	Jules White
Fling in the Ring	director	Jules White
Gypped in the Penthouse	director	Jules White
Hot Ice	director	Jules White
Blunder Boys	director	Jules White
Husbands Beware	director	Jules White
Creeps (film)	director	Jules White
For Crimin' Out Loud	director	Jules White
Play It to the Bone	director	Ron Shelton
Ro.Go.Pa.G.	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Ro.Go.Pa.G.	director	Ugo Gregoretti
Ro.Go.Pa.G.	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
Ro.Go.Pa.G.	director	La ricotta
Ro.Go.Pa.G.	director	Roberto Rossellini
Bachna Ae Haseeno	director	Siddharth Anand
Horton Hears a Who! (TV special)	director	Chuck Jones
Duran Duran Video 45	director	Russell Mulcahy
Duran Duran Video 45	director	Godley & Creme
Dancing on the Valentine	director	Russell Mulcahy
Dancing on the Valentine	director	Simon Milne
Dancing on the Valentine	director	Brian Grant (director)
How to Frame a Figg	director	Alan Rafkin
Jose Chung's Doomsday Defense	director	Darin Morgan
Portrait Werner Herzog	director	Werner Herzog
Dishonored Lady	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
The House on Telegraph Hill	director	Robert Wise
Aha Naa Pellanta	director	Jandhyala Subramanya Sastry
Trio (film)	director	Ken Annakin
Trio (film)	director	Harold French
The Killing of John Lennon	director	Andrew Piddington
Kerana Karina	director	Aidil Fitri Mohd Yunos
My Dog Vincent	director	Michael McGowan
Yavarum Nalam	director	Vikram Kumar
Aashayein	director	Nagesh Kukunoor
Amy (1981 film)	director	Vincent McEveety
Af banen	director	Martin Hagbjer
True True Lie	director	Eric Styles
Black Joy (1977 film)	director	Anthony Simmons (writer)
Snoop Dogg's Father Hood	director	David Roma
Snoop Dogg's Father Hood	director	Anthony Mandler
Snoop Dogg's Father Hood	director	Mike L. Taylor
Patria (1917 film)	director	Leopold Wharton
Patria (1917 film)	director	Theodore Wharton
Patria (1917 film)	director	Jacques Jaccard
Cyborg 2087	director	Franklin Adreon
Kisah Kaisara	director	Aziz M. Osman
Kisah Kaisara	director	Nur Aliah Lee
San Quentin (1937 film)	director	Lloyd Bacon
Enteng Kabisote: Okay ka, Fairy Ko: The Legend	director	Tony Y. Reyes
Green Light (1937 film)	director	Frank Borzage
Don't Go Near the Park	director	Lawrence D. Foldes
Runnin' Down a Dream (film)	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Mr. Winkle Goes to War	director	Alfred E. Green
Mukti (film)	director	Goutam Halder
Made in China (film)	director	Judi Krant
Ghatak: Lethal	director	Rajkumar Santoshi
The Trail of Hate	director	John Ford
The Scrapper	director	John Ford
The Craving (1918 film)	director	Francis Ford (actor)
The Craving (1918 film)	director	John Ford
The Fighting Brothers	director	John Ford
A Thousand and One Nights (film)	director	Alfred E. Green
Deadly Pursuit	director	Russ Diaper
Cinema Verite	director	Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini
The Paperboy	director	Douglas Jackson (director)
My Best Friend's Girl (2008 film)	director	Howard Deutch
Handicapped Future	director	Werner Herzog
My Horrible Year!	director	Eric Stoltz
Life on a String (film)	director	Chen Kaige
Densha Otoko (film)	director	Shosuke Murakami
A Pure Formality	director	Giuseppe Tornatore
Chasers	director	Dennis Hopper
Gaalipata	director	Yograj Bhat
Clorophilla	director	Magmatic Studios
Die Hard (franchise)	director	John McTiernan
Die Hard (franchise)	director	Renny Harlin
Die Hard (franchise)	director	Len Wiseman
Rustlers (film)	director	John Ford
Gun Law (film)	director	John Ford
The Gun Packer	director	John Ford
By Indian Post	director	John Ford
Osaka Wrestling Restaurant	director	Tommy Law wai-tak
Aap Ke Saath	director	J. Om Prakash
Executive Protection (film)	director	Anders Nilsson
Ballast (film)	director	Lance Hammer
Downloading Nancy	director	Johan Renck
Cornbread, Earl and Me	director	Joseph Manduke
Frozen River	director	Courtney Hunt
Good Dick	director	Marianna Palka
A Man's Gotta Do	director	Chris Kennedy
The Damned United	director	Tom Hooper (director)
Secret Agent 420	director	Guy Logan
Zeder	director	Pupi Avati
K For Kishore	director	Sudesh Bhonsle
Best Buds	director	Ken Kuramoto
Life After Sex	director	Serge Rodnunsky
The Nuttiest Nutcracker	director	Harold Arthur Harris
The Pokrovsky Gate	director	Mikhail Kozakov
Thomas Kinkade's Home for Christmas	director	Michael Campus
Sakal, Sakali, Saklolo	director	José Javier Reyes
The Last Outlaw	director	John Ford
The Prince of Avenue A	director	John Ford
The Girl in Number 29	director	John Ford
Hitchin' Posts	director	John Ford
Just Pals	director	John Ford
Chintakayala Ravi	director	Yogie
My Baby (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
My Baby (film)	director	Frank Powell
The Rocking Horse Winner (film)	director	Anthony Pelissier
A Misunderstood Boy	director	D. W. Griffith
Vigathakumaran	director	J. C. Daniel
Strangers When We Meet (film)	director	Richard Quine
Encore (1951 film)	director	Pat Jackson
Encore (1951 film)	director	Anthony Pelissier
Encore (1951 film)	director	Harold French
Arpan	director	J. Om Prakash
The Lady and the Mouse	director	D. W. Griffith
Treasure of the Four Crowns	director	Ferdinando Baldi
The House of Darkness	director	D. W. Griffith
Stingaree (1934 film)	director	William A. Wellman
Amar Shakti	director	Harmesh Malhotra
Aahuti (1978 film)	director	Ashok V. Bhushan
XIII (miniseries)	director	Duane Clark
Apna Khoon	director	Babbar Subhash
A Day with the Meatball	director	Nicholaus Goossen
Night Trap (film)	director	David A. Prior
Shake, Rattle and Roll 9	director	Paul Daza
Shake, Rattle and Roll 9	director	Mike Tuviera
Shake, Rattle and Roll 9	director	Topel Lee
Bull (CSI)	director	Richard J. Lewis
Fast Break (film)	director	Jack Smight
Mirage (1965 film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Taking the Flak	director	Jon Rolph
Just Gold	director	D. W. Griffith
A Timely Interception	director	D. W. Griffith
The Mothering Heart	director	D. W. Griffith
During the Round-Up	director	Christy Cabanne
Pyaasa Sawan	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
Ek Adhuri Kahani	director	Mrinal Sen
An Indian's Loyalty	director	Christy Cabanne
A Woman in the Ultimate	director	Dell Henderson
So Runs the Way	director	Christy Cabanne
The Conscience of Hassan Bey	director	D. W. Griffith
The Conscience of Hassan Bey	director	Christy Cabanne
The Battle of the Sexes (1914 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
The Quicksands	director	Christy Cabanne
Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li	director	Andrzej Bartkowiak
Return of Hanuman	director	Anurag Kashyap (director)
A Spray of Plum Blossoms	director	Bu Wancang
The Rebellion of Kitty Belle	director	Christy Cabanne
Kiss Kiss (Bang Bang)	director	Stewart Sugg
The Angel of Contention	director	John B. O'Brien
Man's Enemy	director	Frank Powell
The Folly of Anne	director	John B. O'Brien
The Sisters (1914 film)	director	Christy Cabanne
Crook's Tour	director	John Baxter (director)
Echoes from a Somber Empire	director	Werner Herzog
In the Nick of Time	director	George T. Miller
Weekend Lover	director	Lou Ye
Get Well Soon (TV series)	director	Christine Gernon
Sidekicks (TV movie)	director	Polly Draper
It's a Wonderful Lie (House)	director	Matt Shakman
The Last Chase	director	Martyn Burke
The Lost House	director	Christy Cabanne
Enoch Arden (1915 film)	director	Christy Cabanne
Captain Macklin	director	John B. O'Brien
The Lily and the Rose	director	Paul Powell (director)
Pathways of Life	director	Christy Cabanne
Daphne and the Pirate	director	Christy Cabanne
Sold for Marriage	director	Christy Cabanne
An Innocent Magdalene	director	Allan Dwan
Diane of the Follies	director	Christy Cabanne
The Children Pay	director	Lloyd Ingraham
Blood of the Leopard	director	Kim Lung
Bloody Duel: Life and Death	director	Ng Tin Chi
Missing Angel	director	Charles Novia
Vaazhthugal	director	Seeman (director)
Empties	director	Jan Svěrák
Aakhri Kasam	director	Dinesh-Ramanesh
Aatish (film)	director	Ambrish Sangal
Fully Flared	director	Spike Jonze
Souls Triumphant	director	John B. O'Brien
The Great Love (1918 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Aaj Ki Dhara	director	Mukul Dutt
Aakhri Daao	director	A. Salaam
Aashiq (2001 film)	director	Indra Kumar
Lady Libertine	director	Gérard Kikoïne
Thick as Thieves (2009 film)	director	Mimi Leder
A Question of Silence	director	Marleen Gorris
Samurai Cowboy	director	Michael Keusch
The Man Who Wasn't There (1983 film)	director	Bruce Malmuth
One Man's Journey	director	John S. Robertson
Lillian Gish in a Liberty Loan Appeal	director	D. W. Griffith
The Greatest Thing in Life	director	D. W. Griffith
A Romance of Happy Valley	director	D. W. Griffith
Aadat Se Majboor	director	Apurba Kishore Bir
True Heart Susie	director	D. W. Griffith
The Greatest Question	director	D. W. Griffith
The White Sister (1923 film)	director	Henry King (director)
Galaxy of Terror	director	Bruce D. Clark
Passion (1982 film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Private Fears in Public Places (film)	director	Alain Resnais
Here and Elsewhere	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Here and Elsewhere	director	Jean-Pierre Gorin
Here and Elsewhere	director	Anne-Marie Miéville
Romola (film)	director	Henry King (director)
When You're in Love (film)	director	Robert Riskin
Zen (2007 film)	director	Gary Davies (disambiguation)
Champion Chaalbaaz No.1	director	Sajid Khan
Sisters, or the Balance of Happiness	director	Margarethe von Trotta
Balthus Through the Looking Glass	director	Damian Pettigrew
Nim's Island	director	Jennifer Flackett
Nim's Island	director	Mark Levin (director)
Romance on the High Seas	director	Michael Curtiz
My Dream Is Yours	director	Michael Curtiz
The Dolly Sisters (film)	director	Irving Cummings
That Night in Rio	director	Irving Cummings
Wee Willie Winkie (film)	director	John Ford
Jesus (1973 film)	director	P. A. Thomas
Karunamayudu	director	A. Bhimsingh
Karunamayudu	director	Christopher Coelho
The Scarlet Letter (1926 film)	director	Victor Sjöström
Master of Thunder	director	Kenji Tanigaki
The Enemy (1927 film)	director	Fred Niblo
Tears for Sale	director	Uroš Stojanović
Still Life (The Twilight Zone)	director	Peter Medak
Fun at the Funeral Parlour	director	Christine Gernon
Brothers (2009 film)	director	Jim Sheridan
Flying (1986 film)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Loyalties (1986 film)	director	Anne Wheeler
Disappearance (film)	director	Walter Klenhard
Death in Love	director	Boaz Yakin
Bordellet	director	Ole Ege
Tomica Hero: Rescue Force	director	Masato Tsujino
Tomica Hero: Rescue Force	director	Shorei Noma
Tomica Hero: Rescue Force	director	Toshinori Daidoji
Tomica Hero: Rescue Force	director	Hideki Oka
Tomica Hero: Rescue Force	director	Akira Iwamoto
Tomica Hero: Rescue Force	director	Junpei Shiokawa
Jag Mandir (film)	director	Werner Herzog
Sam's Song	director	John Broderick (producer)
Sam's Song	director	John Shade (director)
The Legend of the Boy and the Eagle	director	Jack Couffer
Monsters!	director	B.W.L. Norton
Plunder of Peach and Plum	director	Ying Yunwei
Cream's Farewell Concert	director	Tony Palmer
Man on the Flying Trapeze	director	Clyde Bruckman
Man on the Flying Trapeze	director	W. C. Fields
Buniyaad	director	Ramesh Sippy
Buniyaad	director	Jyoti Sarup
Let's Kill Uncle	director	William Castle
The Maiden Heist	director	Peter Hewitt (film director)
New Orleans (film)	director	Arthur Lubin
The Devil is a Sissy	director	W. S. Van Dyke
The Devil is a Sissy	director	Rowland Brown
Dark Horse (1992 film)	director	David Hemmings
Klondike Fever	director	Peter Carter (director)
Endurance (film)	director	Leslie Woodhead
Endurance (film)	director	Bud Greenspan
Little Tough Guys in Society	director	Erle C. Kenton
Splice (film)	director	Vincenzo Natali
The Elevator (The Twilight Zone)	director	Lindsay Thomas (politician)
So Big! (1932 film)	director	William A. Wellman
Enteng Kabisote 4: Okay Ka Fairy Ko...The Beginning of the Legend	director	Tony Y. Reyes
Princess O'Rourke	director	Norman Krasna
Espionage Agent	director	Lloyd Bacon
The City (1998 film)	director	David Riker
Daisy Town (1971 film)	director	René Goscinny
Not a Love Story	director	Bonnie Sherr Klein
Competition (1915 film)	director	B. Reeves Eason
Competition (1915 film)	director	Tom Ricketts
The Day of Reckoning (film)	director	B. Reeves Eason
Naalu Pennungal	director	Adoor Gopalakrishnan
Tooth and Consequences	director	Robert Downey
Muniyandi Vilangial Moonramandu	director	Thirumurugan
Hanging In	director	Alan Rafkin
Welcome to Winfield	director	Bruce Bilson
The Poet of the Peaks	director	B. Reeves Eason
A Good Business Deal	director	B. Reeves Eason
Mountain Mary	director	B. Reeves Eason
To Melody a Soul Responds	director	B. Reeves Eason
Mob Queen	director	Jon Carnoy
After the Storm (1915 B. Reeves Eason film)	director	B. Reeves Eason
Personal Demons (The Twilight Zone)	director	Peter Medak
Every Sunday	director	Felix E. Feist
Song of China	director	Fei Mu
Song of China	director	Luo Mingyou
The Newer Way	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Exile of Bar-K Ranch	director	B. Reeves Eason
Drawing the Line	director	B. Reeves Eason
A Question of Honor	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Spirit of Adventure	director	B. Reeves Eason
De Scheepsjongens van Bontekoe	director	Steven de Jong
In Trust	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Little Lady Next Door	director	B. Reeves Eason
Hearts in Shadow	director	B. Reeves Eason
Profit from Loss	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Blot on the Shield	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Smuggler's Cave	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Wasp (film)	director	B. Reeves Eason
To Rent Furnished	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Substitute Minister	director	B. Reeves Eason
Krazzy 4	director	Jaideep Sen
Kasam Paida Karne Wale Ki	director	Babbar Subhash
Two If by Sea	director	Bill Bennett
Trasgredire	director	Tinto Brass
Vaana (film)	director	M. S. Raju
Ashanti (1979 film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Tom, Dick and Harry (1941 film)	director	Garson Kanin
The Wayward Bus (film)	director	Victor Vicas
False-Hearted Judges	director	Jean de Segonzac
Aadhi Raat	director	S.K. Ojha
The Right To Remain Silent	director	Hubert C. de la Bouillerie
Tell It to the Marines	director	George W. Hill
Appointment with Danger	director	Lewis Allen (director)
Noticias Caracol	director	Lucía Madriñán Saa
Noticias Caracol	director	Darío Fernando Patiño
The Bluffers (film)	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Silver Lining (1915 film)	director	B. Reeves Eason
Aadhi Raat Ke Baad	director	Nanabhai Bhatt
The Assayer of Lone Gap	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Solution to the Mystery	director	B. Reeves Eason
15 August (2001 film)	director	Patrick Alessandrin
Ninette	director	José Luis Garci
Something to Live For (film)	director	George Stevens
Remember? (1939 film)	director	Norman Z. McLeod
The Youngest Profession	director	Edward Buzzell
Summer Snow (film)	director	Ann Hui
I Am Twenty	director	Marlen Khutsiev
Gallant Journey	director	William A. Wellman
The Bangville Police	director	Henry Lehrman
Every Day's a Holiday (1937 film)	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Trade & Battle: Card Hero	director	Yoshio Sakamoto
Run Bhola Run	director	Neeraj Vora
That Ragtime Band	director	Mack Sennett
Matching Dreams	director	B. Reeves Eason
Time and Tide (1916 film)	director	B. Reeves Eason
Viviana	director	B. Reeves Eason
A Sanitarium Scramble	director	B. Reeves Eason
Shadows (1916 film)	director	B. Reeves Eason
Nine-Tenths of the Law	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Fighting Heart (1919 film)	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Four-Bit Man	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Jack of Hearts	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Crow (1919 film)	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Tell Tale Wire	director	B. Reeves Eason
Next Day Air	director	Benny Boom
The Fighting Line	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Kid and the Cowboy	director	B. Reeves Eason
Upside-Down Girl	director	James Vandewater
Fareb	director	Deepak Tijori
Red Snow (The Twilight Zone)	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Western (film)	director	Manuel Poirier
Bintou	director	Fanta Régina Nacro
Paul McCartney in Red Square	director	Mark Haefeli
Class Trip	director	Claude Miller
Tera Kya Hoga Johnny	director	Sudhir Mishra
Ratatouille (film)	director	Brad Bird
Unholy Women	director	Keita Amemiya
Unholy Women	director	Takuji Suzuki
Unholy Women	director	Keisuke Toyoshima
Another Cinderella Story	director	Damon Santostefano
Family Scrapbook (Leave It to Beaver episode)	director	Hugh Beaumont
Up the River (1938 film)	director	Alfred L. Werker
The Coverup	director	Brian Jun
Beaver Gets 'Spelled (Leave It to Beaver episode)	director	Norman Tokar
You Stupid Man	director	Brian Burns
The Corsican Brothers (1941 film)	director	Gregory Ratoff
Dollar Dreams (film)	director	Sekhar Kammula
Beneath the 12-Mile Reef	director	Robert D. Webb
Staying Single When	director	Tom Som
The Prospector's Vengeance	director	B. Reeves Eason
Largo Winch (film)	director	Jérôme Salle
Hair Trigger Stuff	director	B. Reeves Eason
Held Up for the Makin's	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Rattler's Hiss	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Leprechaun-Artist	director	Tommy Lee Wallace
Pride of the Range	director	Francis Boggs
The Two Brothers (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
The New Superintendent	director	Francis Boggs
His Only Son	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
In the Secret Service	director	Henry MacRae
Shotgun Jones	director	Colin Campbell (director)
The Telltale Knife	director	Tom Mix
The Mass Is Ended	director	Nanni Moretti
The Sun Also Rises (1957 film)	director	Henry King (director)
Ecce bombo	director	Nanni Moretti
The Man from the East	director	Tom Mix
Buckshot John	director	Hobart Bosworth
Where Are The Children?	director	Bruce Malmuth
New in Town	director	Jonas Elmer (director)
We'll Meet Again (2002 film)	director	Michael Storey (cinematographer)
It's a Small World (Leave It to Beaver)	director	Jerry Hopper
Montana Sky	director	Mike Robe
Det kære legetøj	director	Gabriel Axel
Molly O (1921 film)	director	F. Richard Jones
Raggedy Rose	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Le ménage moderne du Madame Butterfly	director	Bernard Natan
Oh, Mabel Behave	director	Mack Sennett
Villa Rides	director	Buzz Kulik
Jinx (1919 film)	director	Victor Schertzinger
Diminished Capacity	director	Terry Kinney
Doubt (2008 film)	director	John Patrick Shanley
The Shakedown (1929 film)	director	William Wyler
The Shakedown (1959 film)	director	John Lemont
The Man from Texas	director	Tom Mix
The Ring of Destiny	director	Cleo Madison
Stingaree (serial)	director	James W. Horne
Stampede in the Night	director	Jacques Jaccard
Angel (2007 film)	director	François Ozon
The Spider's Stratagem	director	Bernardo Bertolucci
The Water Nymph	director	Mack Sennett
Why He Gave Up	director	Henry Lehrman
Why He Gave Up	director	Mack Sennett
Mabel's Lovers	director	Mack Sennett
Mabel's Adventures	director	Mack Sennett
Head over Heels (1922 film)	director	Paul Bern
Head over Heels (1922 film)	director	Victor Schertzinger
Mabel Lost and Won	director	Mabel Normand
Hello, Mabel	director	Mabel Normand
Mabel's Latest Prank	director	Mabel Normand
Mabel's Latest Prank	director	Mack Sennett
Mabel's New Job	director	Mabel Normand
In the Name of the Pope King	director	Luigi Magni
Mabel's Nerve	director	George Nichols (actor)
Mack at It Again	director	Mack Sennett
Mabel's Awful Mistakes	director	Mack Sennett
The Flirting Husband	director	Mack Sennett
At Coney Island	director	Mack Sennett
Beyond Loch Ness	director	Paul Ziller
Payday (M*A*S*H)	director	Hy Averback
10 to Midnight	director	J. Lee Thompson
Chit Yay Sin	director	Tin Maung
Chit Yay Sin	director	Tin Yu
Massage Practitioner	director	Par Gyi
Sin dejar rastros	director	Quirino Cristiani
Thway	director	Koji Chino
Starcrossed (film)	director	James Burkhammer
Bonta No Kekkon Ya	director	Koji Chino
React Quotes	director	Agnieszka Holland
The Dickensian Aspect	director	Seith Mann
Took (The Wire)	director	Dominic West
Clarifications	director	Anthony Hemingway
Live at the Beacon Theatre	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Gable and Lombard	director	Sidney J. Furie
Daybreak (1933 film)	director	Sun Yu (director)
Joan of Paris	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Sarah (film)	director	Yoram Gross
Sarah (film)	director	Athol Henry
Snow Buddies	director	Robert Vince
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (1949 film)	director	Tay Garnett
Sone Yay	director	Kyi Soe Tun
Zaga Pyaw Thaw Athe-Hnalon	director	Thukha
Phoe Pyonn Cho	director	Mya Maung
Abilene Town	director	Edwin L. Marin
Aadmi Khilona Hai	director	J. Om Prakash
Anthea Turner: Perfect Housewife	director	Hattie Saxton
Murphy 771	director	Joe McStravick
The Lodger (1944 film)	director	John Brahm
Le Grand Jeu (1934 film)	director	Jacques Feyder
Victory (film)	director	Ajit Pal Mangat
The Bench (film)	director	Alex McCormack
The Brothers Rico	director	Phil Karlson
The Adventures of Robinson Crusoe (TV series)	director	Jean Sacha
The Baby Maker	director	James Bridges
Malik Ek	director	Deepak Balraj Vij
Where Have All The People Gone?	director	John Llewellyn Moxey
The Voice on the Wire	director	Stuart Paton
Headin' South	director	Allan Dwan
Headin' South	director	Arthur Rosson
Naked Campus	director	Robert E. Morris
The Divine Ryans	director	Stephen Reynolds (director)
Headrush (film)	director	Shimmy Marcus
Forbidden Fruit (2000 film)	director	Sue Maluwa-Bruce
A Woman in the Web	director	Paul Hurst (actor)
A Woman in the Web	director	David Smith (director)
The Princess and the Pirate	director	David Butler (director)
Play Straight or Fight	director	Paul Hurst (actor)
The Midnight Flyer	director	George Marshall (director)
North Starr	director	Matthew Stanton
Phoebe in Wonderland	director	Daniel Barnz
Sleep Dealer	director	Alex Rivera
Sugar (2008 film)	director	Anna Boden
Sugar (2008 film)	director	Ryan Fleck
Hercule et Sherlock	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Bodyguard (1948 film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Histoire(s) du cinéma	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Danger, Go Slow	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Dish Dogs	director	Robert Kubilos
His Buddy	director	George Holt (actor)
The Rustlers	director	Reginald Barker
Ace High (1919 film)	director	George Holt (actor)
Kingdom Come (1919 film)	director	George Holt (actor)
The Face in the Watch	director	Edward A. Kull
Wasichu	director	Christopher Swartout
The Trail of the Holdup Man	director	George Holt (actor)
Men of Timor	director	Damien Parer
Loss (film)	director	Maris Martinsons (director)
Dark of the Sun	director	Jack Cardiff
The Class (2007 film)	director	Ilmar Raag
The Amy Fisher Story	director	Andy Tennant
Komisario Palmun erehdys	director	Matti Kassila
Brigadoon (film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Charlie Chan in Paris	director	Lewis Seiler
Passengers (film)	director	Rodrigo García Barcha
Fireworks Wednesday	director	Asghar Farhadi
Pilot (Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles)	director	David Nutter
The Lone Hand (1919 film)	director	George Holt (actor)
The Double Hold-Up	director	Phil Rosen
Atsuhime (drama)	director	Motohiko Sano
The Jay Bird	director	Phil Rosen
West Is Best	director	Phil Rosen
Roarin' Dan	director	Phil Rosen
Aag Aur Shola	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
Kunstmuseum Basel	director	Bernhard Mendes Bürgi
The Sheriff's Oath	director	Phil Rosen
London Can Take It!	director	Humphrey Jennings
London Can Take It!	director	Harry Watt (director)
His Nose in the Book	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Tale of Sweeney Todd	director	John Schlesinger
Wolf Tracks	director	Mack V. Wright
Masked (film)	director	Mack V. Wright
The World, the Flesh and the Devil (1914 film)	director	Floyd Martin Thornton
The New York Big Band Concert	director	Jill Goodacre
My Favorite Blonde	director	Sidney Lanfield
Pretty Polly (film)	director	Guy Green (filmmaker)
Reconstruction (Jericho episode)	director	Steve Boyum
Seeds (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
The Gun Runners	director	Don Siegel
Bambaru Avith	director	Dharmasena Pathiraja
Baby Face Nelson (film)	director	Don Siegel
The Princess Blade	director	Shinsuke Sato
Godfather Trilogy	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Charlie Chan in Shanghai	director	James Tinling
Charlie Chan at the Circus	director	Harry Lachman
Crossed (film)	director	Stolis Hadjicharalambous
Charlie Chan at the Race Track	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
The World Without US	director	Mitch Anderson (director)
Vaishali (film)	director	Bharathan
Thieves' Clothes	director	Mack V. Wright
The Broncho Kid	director	Mack V. Wright
The Fightin' Terror	director	Hoot Gibson
The Shootin' Kid	director	Hoot Gibson
The Smilin' Kid	director	Hoot Gibson
Napoleon (1995 film)	director	Mario Andreacchio
The Champion Liar	director	Hoot Gibson
Le Grand alibi	director	Pascal Bonitzer
Bolt (1994 film)	director	George Mendeluk
Wisegal	director	Jerry Ciccoritti
The Big Catch	director	Leo D. Maloney
A Gamblin' Fool	director	Leo D. Maloney
The Grinning Granger	director	Leo D. Maloney
One Law for All	director	Leo D. Maloney
The Shootin' Fool	director	Hoot Gibson
Macbeth (1916 film)	director	John Emerson (filmmaker)
'In Wrong' Wright	director	Albert Russell (director)
Cinders (1920 film)	director	Edward Laemmle
Krantiveer	director	Mehul Kumar
The Sannikov Land (film)	director	Albert Mkrtchyan
The Sannikov Land (film)	director	Leonid Popov (film director)
Aag Ka Gola	director	David Dhawan
The Red Tent (film)	director	Mikhail Kalatozov
Dogs of Hell	director	Worth Keeter
Double Danger	director	Albert Russell (director)
The Two-Fisted Lover	director	Edward Laemmle
Tipped Off	director	Albert Russell (director)
Superstition (1920 film)	director	Edward Laemmle
La Chamade (film)	director	Alain Cavalier
Tiefland (film)	director	Leni Riefenstahl
Doraemon: Nobita and the Green Giant Legend	director	Ayumu Watanabe
Mädchen, Mädchen	director	Dennis Gansel
The Swan Princess: The Mystery of the Enchanted Kingdom	director	Richard Rich (director)
Kingdom of Crooked Mirrors	director	Alexander Rou
Hero (2007 film)	director	Masayuki Suzuki (director)
Lunar Eclipse (film)	director	Wang Quan'an
The Letter (1999 film)	director	Manoel de Oliveira
Charlie Chan at the Opera	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
City of Life and Death	director	Lu Chuan
King of Thieves (film)	director	Ivan Fíla
The Next Voice You Hear...	director	William A. Wellman
An Ordinary Miracle (1964 film)	director	Erast Garin
An Ordinary Miracle (1964 film)	director	Khesya Lokshina
The Accused (1949 film)	director	William Dieterle
Bootleggers (film)	director	Leonid Gaidai
Before the Hurricane	director	Kote Marjanishvili
The Gadfly (1980 film)	director	Nikolai Mashchenko
The Gadfly (1955 film)	director	Aleksandr Fajntsimmer
The Gadfly (1955 film)	director	Iosif Shapiro
A Farewell to Arms (1957 film)	director	Charles Vidor
Krazana	director	Kote Marjanishvili
April 1st Vidudhala	director	Vamsy
La prima notte di quiete	director	Valerio Zurlini
Nine Days in One Year	director	Mikhail Romm
Pirivom Santhippom	director	Karu Pazhaniappan
An American Soldier	director	Edet Belzberg
Mädchen, Mädchen 2 – Loft oder Liebe	director	Peter Gersina
Flow: For Love of Water	director	Irena Salina
Gonzo: The Life and Work of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson	director	Alex Gibney
The Greatest Silence: Rape in the Congo	director	Lisa F. Jackson
I.O.U.S.A.	director	Patrick Creadon
The Betrayal – Nerakhoon	director	Ellen Kuras
The Betrayal – Nerakhoon	director	Thavisouk Phrasavath
The Order of Myths	director	Margaret Brown (American director of film)
Patti Smith: Dream of Life	director	Steven Sebring
Roman Polanski: Wanted and Desired	director	Marina Zenovich
Secrecy (film)	director	Peter Galison
Secrecy (film)	director	Robb Moss
Slingshot Hip Hop	director	Jackie Salloum
Traces of the Trade: A Story from the Deep North	director	Katrina Browne
Traces of the Trade: A Story from the Deep North	director	Alla Kovgan
Traces of the Trade: A Story from the Deep North	director	Jude Ray
Trouble the Water	director	Tia Lessin
Trouble the Water	director	Carl Deal
The Helen Morgan Story	director	Michael Curtiz
The Lady of Musashino	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Voicelugger	director	Tōru Hirayama
A Terrible Beauty (film)	director	Tay Garnett
Robin Hood (1912 film)	director	Herbert Blaché
American Gladiators (2008 TV series)	director	J. Rupert Thompson
Colonel Chabert (1994 film)	director	Yves Angelo
Temptation Harbour	director	Lance Comfort
Meet Mr. Lucifer	director	Anthony Pelissier
Wuthering Heights (1970 film)	director	Robert Fuest
Brooklyn Bridge (film)	director	Ken Burns
Turned Out Nice Again	director	Marcel Varnel
Dinotopia (TV miniseries)	director	Marco Brambilla
Lucky Break	director	Peter Cattaneo
Doctor in Clover	director	Ralph Thomas
Barefoot to Jerusalem	director	Nietzchka Keene
Unfaithfully Yours (1984 film)	director	Howard Zieff
The Hard Word	director	Scott Roberts
Men Don't Leave	director	Paul Brickman
Psy (film)	director	Władysław Pasikowski
Chocolate (2008 film)	director	Prachya Pinkaew
The Night Brings Charlie	director	Tom Logan
Desperate Characters	director	Frank D. Gilroy
Fight It Out	director	Albert Russell (director)
The Man with the Punch	director	Edward Laemmle
The Trail of the Hound	director	Albert Russell (director)
The Saddle King	director	Edward Laemmle
The Driftin' Kid	director	Albert Russell (director)
On Golden Pond (1981 film)	director	Mark Rydell
Tru Love	director	Norberto Barba
The Bellflower Bunnies	director	Moran Caouissin
The Bellflower Bunnies	director	Eric Berthier
Crime of Passion (1957 film)	director	Gerd Oswald
The Wrestler (2008 film)	director	Darren Aronofsky
The Statue of Liberty (film)	director	Ken Burns
Used People	director	Beeban Kidron
Drive, He Said	director	Jack Nicholson
9012Live (video)	director	Steven Soderbergh
Space (miniseries)	director	Lee Philips (actor)
Space (miniseries)	director	Joseph Sargent
Hearts Divided	director	Frank Borzage
Stowaway (1936 film)	director	William A. Seiter
MVP (TV series)	director	T. W. Peacocke
MVP (TV series)	director	Michel Poulette
MVP (TV series)	director	Chris Grismer
MVP (TV series)	director	Stefan Scaini
Bloody Moon	director	Jesús Franco
The Million Dollar Mystery	director	Howell Hansel
A Change of Seasons (film)	director	Noel Black
After Shave (2005 film)	director	Hany Tamba
Aag Se Khelenge	director	Bhaskar Shetty
Torso (1973 film)	director	Sergio Martino
Sweet Revenge (1921 film)	director	Edward Laemmle
Kickaroo	director	Albert Russell (director)
The Fightin' Fury	director	Hoot Gibson
Out o' Luck	director	Hoot Gibson
Out of Luck	director	Edward Sedgwick
The Cactus Kid	director	Lee Kohlmar
Private Benjamin (TV series)	director	William Asher
Private Benjamin (TV series)	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
Private Benjamin (TV series)	director	Bruce Bilson
Private Benjamin (TV series)	director	Marc Daniels
Private Benjamin (TV series)	director	Herbert Kenwith
Private Benjamin (TV series)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Private Benjamin (TV series)	director	Tony Mordente
Private Benjamin (TV series)	director	Howard Morris
Private Benjamin (TV series)	director	Alan Myerson
Private Benjamin (TV series)	director	Bob Sweeney (director)
The Merry Widow (1934 film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
The Merry Widow (1952 film)	director	Curtis Bernhardt
Border Cafe (film)	director	Lew Landers
King of the Cowboys	director	Joseph Kane
Like Water for Chocolate (film)	director	Alfonso Arau
Unnatural & Accidental	director	Carl Bessai
Tumbling Tumbleweeds (1935 film)	director	Joseph Kane
Reprise (film)	director	Joachim Trier
The Hobart Shakespeareans	director	Mel Stuart
Hiding and Seeking	director	Menachem Daum
Hiding and Seeking	director	Oren Rudavsky
Wrestling With Angels: Playwright Tony Kushner	director	Freida Lee Mock
One Terrible Day	director	Charley Chase
One Terrible Day	director	Robert F. McGowan
One Terrible Day	director	Tom McNamara (director)
Fire Fighters (film)	director	Charley Chase
Fire Fighters (film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Fire Fighters (film)	director	Tom McNamara (director)
Our Gang (film)	director	Charley Chase
Our Gang (film)	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Our Gang (film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Our Gang (film)	director	Tom McNamara (director)
Young Sherlocks	director	Charley Chase
Young Sherlocks	director	Robert F. McGowan
Young Sherlocks	director	Tom McNamara (director)
In the Electric Mist	director	Bertrand Tavernier
We of the Never Never	director	Igor Auzins
Em4Jay	director	Alkinos Tsilimidos
The Mating Call (film)	director	James Cruze
The Sea Hawk (1924 film)	director	Frank Lloyd
Mistresses (2008 TV series)	director	Philip John
Milk (film)	director	Gus Van Sant
Ivy (film)	director	Sam Wood
The Bliss of Mrs. Blossom	director	Joseph McGrath (film director)
Prison Town, USA	director	Katie Galloway
Prison Town, USA	director	Po Kutchins
Beast (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
Color Adjustment	director	Marlon Riggs
Blacks and Jews	director	Deborah Kaufman
Blacks and Jews	director	Alan Snitow
The Burglar	director	Paul Wendkos
Mafia vs. Ninja	director	Robert Tai
Sapne Sajan Ke	director	Lawrence D'Souza
12 Rounds (film)	director	Renny Harlin
Graansha	director	Darnell Martin
A Good Man in Africa (film)	director	Bruce Beresford
Alif Laila	director	Ramanand Sagar
The C.G.E. Show	director	Bruce Macpherson
The C.G.E. Show	director	Norman Jewison
The Thin Line Between Chuck and Nate	director	Norman Buckley
Little Toys	director	Sun Yu (director)
The Savage Eye	director	Ben Maddow
The Savage Eye	director	Sidney Meyers
The Savage Eye	director	Joseph Strick
The Twelve Months (1972 film)	director	Anatoli Granik
Red Mercury (film)	director	Roy Battersby
Chicago Massacre: Richard Speck	director	Michael Feifer
Who Was the Man?	director	Lee Kohlmar
Crossed Clues	director	William James Craft
Double Crossers	director	William James Craft
The Wild Wild West (1921 film)	director	Lee Kohlmar
Bandits Beware	director	Lee Kohlmar
The Man Who Woke Up	director	Lee Kohlmar
Friday Night (2000 film)	director	Danijel Sraka
Beating the Game	director	Lee Kohlmar
Action (1921 film)	director	John Ford
Red Courage	director	B. Reeves Eason
Aliens in the Attic	director	John Schultz (director)
Sure Fire	director	John Ford
The Fire Eater	director	B. Reeves Eason
Mosquito (film)	director	Gary Jones
Pathogen (film)	director	Emily Hagins
Alphabet Soup (TV series)	director	Dennis Coles (director)
The Knight on the Grid	director	Dwight H. Little
¡Dispara!	director	Carlos Saura
Saturday Morning (film)	director	Tom McNamara (director)
Saturday Morning (film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Chronicle of a Death Foretold (film)	director	Francesco Rosi
The Raging Tide	director	George Sherman
Al diablo con los guapos	director	Sergio Cataño
Laredo (TV series)	director	Irving J. Moore
Headin' West	director	William James Craft
The Bearcat	director	Edward Sedgwick
Step on It! (film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Trimmed	director	Harry A. Pollard
The Loaded Door	director	Harry A. Pollard
A Substantial Gift (The Broken Promise)	director	Jim Abrahams
A Substantial Gift (The Broken Promise)	director	David Zucker (filmmaker)
A Substantial Gift (The Broken Promise)	director	Jerry Zucker (film director)
Barbara Frum (TV series)	director	Dino Marcuz
Barbara Frum (TV series)	director	Bryn Matthews
The Things of Life	director	Claude Sautet
The Galloping Kid	director	Nat Ross
The Lone Hand (1922 film)	director	B. Reeves Eason
Ridin' Wild	director	Nat Ross
Kindled Courage	director	William Worthington (actor)
The Naked Man (film)	director	J. Todd Anderson
The Gentleman from America	director	Edward Sedgwick
Single Handed (1923 film)	director	Edward Sedgwick
Taras Bulba (2009 film)	director	Vladimir Bortko
Dead Game	director	Edward Sedgwick
Double Dealing (1923 film)	director	Henry Lehrman
The Caller (1987 film)	director	Arthur Allan Seidelman
Ring of Fear (A Dangerous Assignment)	director	Joe Dante
Iron Wall (film)	director	Mohammed Alatar
Julia Misbehaves	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
The Bituminous Coal Queens of Pennsylvania	director	David Hunt (actor)
The Bituminous Coal Queens of Pennsylvania	director	Jody Eldred
Cisco Pike	director	Bill L. Norton
Speak Easily	director	Edward Sedgwick
What! No Beer?	director	Edward Sedgwick
The Passionate Plumber	director	Edward Sedgwick
Falling From Earth	director	Chadi Zeneddine
Journey for Margaret	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Khalass	director	Borhane Alaouié
Abangan Ang Susunod Na Kabanata	director	Johnny Manahan
Abangan Ang Susunod Na Kabanata	director	Ipe Pelino
Around the World in 80 Days (TV miniseries)	director	Buzz Kulik
Where in the World Is Osama Bin Laden?	director	Morgan Spurlock
Krodhi	director	Subhash Ghai
The Four Feathers (1977 film)	director	Don Sharp
A Price Above Rubies	director	Boaz Yakin
The Swan and the Wanderer	director	Timo Koivusalo
The Camden 28 (film)	director	Anthony Giacchino
A Quiet Street	director	Tom McNamara (director)
A Quiet Street	director	Robert F. McGowan
The Champeen	director	Robert F. McGowan
The Cobbler (film)	director	Tom McNamara (director)
Gemini (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
Mee Sreyobhilashi	director	V. Eshwar Reddy
Anasuya (2007 film)	director	Ravi Babu
This Above All (film)	director	Anatole Litvak
Moontide	director	Archie Mayo
Moontide	director	Fritz Lang
Shootin' for Love	director	Edward Sedgwick
Out of the Fog (film)	director	Anatole Litvak
Eye of the Eagle (film)	director	Peter Flinth
Tan de repente	director	Diego Lerman
Bumbarash	director	Abram Naroditsky
Bumbarash	director	Nikolai Rasheyev
Zee and Co.	director	Brian G. Hutton
Fuego en la sangre (telenovela)	director	Miguel Córcega
Gnothi Seauton (Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles)	director	David Nutter
The Barretts of Wimpole Street (1957 film)	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
Green Dragon (film)	director	Timothy Linh Bui
Phantom Beirut	director	Ghassan Salhab
Foreign Intrigue (film)	director	Sheldon Reynolds (producer)
The Shower (short film)	director	Michel Kammoun
Who Shot Patakango?	director	Robert Brooks
But Not Forgotten	director	Constantine Makris
Confirmed Dead	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Rain in a Dry Land	director	Anne Makepeace
Following Sean	director	Ralph Arlyck
Slumdog Millionaire	director	Danny Boyle
Standing Silent Nation	director	Suree Towfighnia
I Woke Up Early The Day I Died	director	Aris Iliopulos
Nynne	director	Jonas Elmer (director)
Revolution '67	director	Marylou Tibaldo-Bongiorno
Arctic Son	director	Andrew Walton
Blinky (film)	director	Edward Sedgwick
The Ramblin' Kid	director	Edward Sedgwick
The Thrill Chaser	director	Edward Sedgwick
Lost Angel (film)	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
Libby, Montana (film)	director	Drury Gunn Carr
Made in L.A.	director	Almudena Carracedo
Private Buckaroo	director	Edward F. Cline
Never Ever (film)	director	Charles Finch (director)
Hamburger... The Motion Picture	director	Mike Marvin
The Travelling Players	director	Theodoros Angelopoulos
Floating Clouds	director	Mikio Naruse
Floating Clouds	director	Kihachi Okamoto
The Time to Live and the Time to Die	director	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
A Moment of Innocence	director	Mohsen Makhmalbaf
Still Life (1974 film)	director	Sohrab Shahid-Saless
The House of Clocks	director	Lucio Fulci
Manhattan Baby	director	Lucio Fulci
Elvis' Grave	director	David Westbrook Hughens
Waiting for the Hearse	director	Alejandro Doria
My Brilliant Career (film)	director	Gillian Armstrong
A Woman's Tale	director	Paul Cox
A Cage of Nightingales	director	Jean Dréville
Top Bet	director	Jeffrey Lau
Top Bet	director	Corey Yuen
Be My Wife (1921 film)	director	Max Linder
The Twin (film)	director	Yves Robert
Lumo	director	Bent-Jorgen Perlmutt
Lumo	director	Nelson Walker III
Lumo	director	Louis Abelman
Lumo	director	Lynn True
No More Tears Sister	director	Helene Klodawsky
The Fall of Fujimori	director	Ellen Perry
Al Otro Lado (To the Other Side)	director	Natalia Almada
Killshot (film)	director	John Madden (director)
Zoonotic (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Don Scardino
Dark Waters (1944 film)	director	André de Toth
Two:Thirteen	director	Charles Adelman
Buud Yam	director	Gaston Kaboré
Springfield Rifle (1952 film)	director	André de Toth
Blast of Silence	director	Allen Baron
K-9: P.I.	director	Richard J. Lewis
The Foreman Went to France	director	Charles Frend
Silent Storm (film)	director	Peter Butt
Indian Institute of Science Education and Research, Pune	director	Krishna N. Ganesh
Little Caesar (film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Kuselan	director	P. Vasu
Lomax the Songhunter	director	Rogier Kappers
The Silent Passenger	director	Reginald Denham
The Hexer (film)	director	Marek Brodzki
The Bribe	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Ghundi Run	director	Pervez Rana
Man of the Moment (1935 film)	director	Monty Banks
Man of the Moment (1955 film)	director	John Paddy Carstairs
Almost Angels	director	Steve Previn
Wend Kuuni	director	Gaston Kaboré
The Soloist	director	Joe Wright
Embryo (1976 film)	director	Ralph Nelson
The Dark Tower (1943 film)	director	John Harlow (director)
Good (film)	director	Vicente Amorim
Aching Heart	director	Oscar Hedin
Naked Blood	director	Hisayasu Satō
Stray (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C. – Individual Eleven	director	Kenji Kamiyama
Meu Nome Não É Johnny	director	Mauro Lima
Great Expectations (1917 film)	director	Robert G. Vignola
Great Expectations (1917 film)	director	Paul West (film director)
The Homecoming (film)	director	Peter Hall (director)
A Dangerous Profession	director	Ted Tetzlaff
CSNY/Déjà Vu	director	Neil Young
Hook and Ladder (1924 film)	director	Edward Sedgwick
Men in Black (1934 film)	director	Ray McCarey
Ride for Your Life	director	Edward Sedgwick
Mithya	director	Rajat Kapoor
Hold You Tight	director	Stanley Kwan
Waging a Living	director	Roger Weisberg
Episode 210	director	Richard Shepard
Hawaii, Oslo	director	Erik Poppe
Perri (film)	director	N. Paul Kenworthy
Perri (film)	director	Ralph Wright
The Secret of the Selenites	director	Jean Image
Berlin Beirut	director	Myrna Maakaron
Deadline – U.S.A.	director	Richard Brooks
Sandwich (film)	director	Anees Bazmee
Bandwagon with Bob Francis	director	Barry Cranston
The Last Bohemian (1912 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Captive Souls	director	Michael Curtiz
Bánk Bán (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
A Murderer Among Us	director	Steve Shill
The Karthauzer	director	Michael Curtiz
L'Homme à tout faire	director	Micheline Lanctôt
The Red Samson	director	Michael Curtiz
La Habanera (film)	director	Douglas Sirk
The Last Dawn	director	Michael Curtiz
The Hounds of Notre Dame	director	Zale Dalen
Kursi Aur Qanoon	director	Masood Butt
Spring in Winter	director	Michael Curtiz
Lalach	director	Shankar Nag
The Fantasticks (film)	director	Michael Ritchie (film director)
Nobody's Son	director	Michael Curtiz
Leather Jacket Love Story	director	David DeCoteau
The Charlatan (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Colonel (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Merry Widow (1918 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Three Wishes (film)	director	Martha Coolidge
The Color of Paradise	director	Majid Majidi
Kahaani	director	Sujoy Ghosh
Illuminata (film)	director	John Turturro
The She Creature	director	Edward L. Cahn
Udaan (1997 film)	director	Asrani (actor)
ChilePuede	director	Ricardo Larraín
Above the Limit	director	Frederick S. Armitage
Love on the Dole (film)	director	John Baxter (director)
Lulu (1918 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
99 (1918 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Sunflower Woman	director	Michael Curtiz
Liliom (1919 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Third Man on the Mountain	director	Ken Annakin
Jön az öcsém	director	Michael Curtiz
The Lady with the Black Gloves	director	Michael Curtiz
Eto Na Ang Susunod Na Kabanata	director	Johnny Manahan
Kaya ni Mister, Kaya ni Misis	director	Johnny Manahan
The Star of Damascus	director	Michael Curtiz
The Scourge of God (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Miss Tutti Frutti	director	Michael Curtiz
Good and Evil (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Opera Jawa	director	Garin Nugroho
Mrs. Dane's Confession	director	Michael Curtiz
Sound Bodies	director	Jean de Segonzac
Sound Bodies	director	Frank Prinzi
Labyrinth of Horror	director	Michael Curtiz
The Butler Did It (A Bird in the Hand)	director	Georg Stanford Brown
Young Medardus	director	Michael Curtiz
On Any Sunday: Motocross, Malcolm, & More	director	Dana Brown
Top Gear (U.S. TV series)	director	Ben Silverman
Resident Evil: Afterlife	director	Paul W. S. Anderson
Kokey	director	Wenn V. Deramas
Kokey	director	Ruel S. Bayani
Way Out	director	Daniel Petrie
Heavy Metal (Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles)	director	Sergio Mimica-Gezzan
The Pixar Story	director	Leslie Iwerks
Fovou tous Ellines	director	John Tatoulis
18 Again!	director	Paul Flaherty
The Whistle Blower	director	Simon Langton (television director)
Tarzan's Secret Treasure	director	Richard Thorpe
Shades of Guilt	director	Perry Lang
And the Violins Stopped Playing	director	Alexander Ramati
Neptune's Daughter (1914 film)	director	Herbert Brenon
The Rising of the Moon (film)	director	John Ford
Disha	director	Sai Paranjpye
A Will of their Own	director	Karen Arthur
Mr. Wu	director	William Nigh
El Húsar de la Muerte	director	Pedro Sienna
The Little Mermaid: Ariel's Beginning	director	Peggy Holmes
Avalanche (1923 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Defiance (2008 film)	director	Edward Zwick
Nameless (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Moon of Israel	director	Michael Curtiz
Mrs Ratcliffe's Revolution	director	Bille Eltringham
Genova (film)	director	Michael Winterbottom
W. (film)	director	Oliver Stone
Shady Deal at Sunny Acres	director	Leslie H. Martinson
The Kings of Appletown	director	Robert Moresco
13 Rue Madeleine	director	Henry Hathaway
Motorvision	director	Kevin Kerslake
Pas de Deux (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
Slither (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Bill L. Norton
Duel at Sundown (Maverick)	director	Arthur Lubin
Build Thy House	director	Fred Goodwins
The Harem World Tour: Live from Las Vegas	director	Bruce Gowers
The Harem World Tour: Live from Las Vegas	director	David Mallet (director)
Green Zone (film)	director	Paul Greengrass
The Wedding Song (film)	director	Alfréd Deésy
A Régiséggyüjtö	director	Alfréd Deésy
Leoni Leo	director	Alfréd Deésy
Maang Bharo Sajana	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
The Last Supper (1994 film)	director	The Real World: Miami
Twelve Disciples of Nelson Mandela	director	Thomas Allen Harris
Baby Take a Bow	director	Harry Lachman
Bade Dil Wala	director	Bhappi Sonie
Ice Planet (film)	director	Winrich Kolbe
War/Dance	director	Sean Fine
Dirty Pictures	director	Frank Pierson
No Bigger Than a Minute	director	Steven Delano
Maquilapolis: City of Factories	director	Vicky Funari
Maquilapolis: City of Factories	director	Sergio de la Torre
The Song of Ceylon	director	Basil Wright
Threshold (2003 film)	director	Charles Calvin Bowman
Casanova (1918 film)	director	Alfréd Deésy
Masked Ball	director	Alfréd Deésy
Hardwood (film)	director	Hubert Davis (filmmaker)
The Leopard (1918 film)	director	Alfréd Deésy
The Picture of Dorian Gray (1918 film)	director	Alfréd Deésy
Christmas Is Here Again	director	Robert Zappia
Big Enough (film)	director	Jan Krawitz
WΔZ	director	Tom Shankland
A Banda das Velhas Virgens	director	Amácio Mazzaropi
Law with Two Phases	director	Danny Lee (actor)
Funky Forest	director	Katsuhito Ishii
Funky Forest	director	Hajimine Ishimine
Funky Forest	director	Shunichiro Miki
John Schneider's Collier & Co. – Hot Pursuit	director	John Schneider (television actor)
Transsiberian (film)	director	Brad Anderson (director)
Bandslam	director	Todd Graff
The Return of Doctor X	director	Vincent Sherman
Love on the Rocks (film)	director	Dante Lam
Private Crimes	director	Sergio Martino
Bianco, rosso e Verdone	director	Carlo Verdone
Omiai Kekkon	director	Kinoshita Takao
Omiai Kekkon	director	Takahashi Masayuki
Omiai Kekkon	director	Suzuki Masataka
The Big Show (1923 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
A Pleasant Journey	director	Robert F. McGowan
The Wildcats of St Trinian's	director	Frank Launder
Boys to Board	director	Tom McNamara (director)
Giants vs. Yanks	director	Robert F. McGowan
Back Stage (1923 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Appaloosa (film)	director	Ed Harris
Drifting Clouds (film)	director	Aki Kaurismäki
A Rage to Live	director	Walter Grauman
Chemical Wedding (film)	director	Julian Doyle (filmmaker)
Hamlet 2	director	Andrew Fleming
Mad Hops	director	Christopher Swartout
Mission: Impossible (film series)	director	Brian De Palma
Mission: Impossible (film series)	director	John Woo
Mission: Impossible (film series)	director	J. J. Abrams
Mission: Impossible (film series)	director	Brad Bird
Mona McCluskey	director	Richard Whorf
Blast! (2004 film)	director	Anthony Hickox
Kiss the Bride (2008 film)	director	C. Jay Cox
Barakat!	director	Djamila Sahraoui
Parking Wars	director	Daniel Elias
Parking Wars	director	Po Kutchins
The Private Life of Don Juan	director	Alexander Korda
Two Fathers	director	Kim Manners
One Son	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
In the Affirmative	director	Claude Lelouch
E.S.P. (TV series)	director	Joaquin Bordado
Narradores de Javé	director	Eliane Caffé
Muqabla	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
The Unblinking Eye	director	Frank Prinzi
Au Secours!	director	Abel Gance
The Curse of Man	director	Richard Eichberg
Business as Usual (film)	director	Lezli-An Barrett
The Devil Worshippers	director	Muhsin Ertuğrul
Eggtown	director	Stephen Williams (director)
.com for Murder	director	Nico Mastorakis
Killer (1998 film)	director	Darezhan Omirbaev
A Arte de Amar Bem	director	Fernando de Barros
Cubers	director	Richard LeBlanc (director)
Cutie Honey (film)	director	Hideaki Anno
Hypnosis (film)	director	Richard Eichberg
Dance on the Volcano	director	Richard Eichberg
Nat Pinkerton in the Fight	director	Wolfgang Neff
The Deerslayer and Chingachgook	director	Arthur Wellin
In the Ecstasy of Billions	director	Richard Eichberg
The Last of the Mohicans (1920 German film)	director	Arthur Wellin
Codename: Robotech	director	Robert V. Barron
Codename: Robotech	director	Ippei Kuri
A Distant Trumpet	director	Raoul Walsh
John Hopkins the Third	director	Wolfgang Neff
Ihre Hoheit die Tänzerin (film)	director	Richard Eichberg
The Silent Command	director	J. Gordon Edwards
Time Signs	director	Tim Taylor (producer)
Time Team Digs	director	Tim Taylor (producer)
Machine Project	director	Mark Allen
Frozen (House)	director	David Straiton
Don't Ever Change (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
Striker (film)	director	Chandan Arora
Anjathe	director	Mysskin
Arai En 305-il Kadavul	director	Chimbu deven
Kanchivaram	director	Priyadarshan
Shoot Down	director	Cristina Khuly
Our Gang Follies of 1938	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Long John Silver (film)	director	Byron Haskin
The American Ruling Class	director	John Kirby (director)
Lodge Night	director	Robert F. McGowan
A Snake of June	director	Shinya Tsukamoto
Time Without Pity	director	Joseph Losey
A Sailor-Made Man	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Ground Zero (1987 film)	director	Bruce Myles
Ground Zero (1987 film)	director	Michael Pattinson
The Rejected Woman	director	Albert Parker (director)
Le Distrait	director	Pierre Richard
The Mr. Men Show	director	Mark Risley
Noah's Ark: The New Beginning	director	John Stronach (filmmaker)
Noah's Ark: The New Beginning	director	Bill Boyce
The Midnight Girl	director	Wilfred Noy
Daughters Who Pay	director	George Terwilliger
Lucille Love, Girl of Mystery	director	Francis Ford (actor)
Shikari (2000 film)	director	N. Chandra
The Master Key (1914 serial)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
The Trey o' Hearts	director	Wilfred Lucas
The Trey o' Hearts	director	Henry MacRae
Legends of Hockey	director	Derik Murray
Where East Is East	director	Tod Browning
Snowbeast	director	Herb Wallerstein
While the City Sleeps (1928 film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
The Kaiser, the Beast of Berlin	director	Rupert Julian
AVH: Alien vs. Hunter	director	United States House of Representatives elections in Illinois, 2010#District 13
Super Friends (1973 TV series)	director	Charles August Nichols
After Stonewall	director	John Scagliotti
Follow the Sun (TV series)	director	Ted Post
Kagbeni (film)	director	Bhusan Dahal
Cuci	director	Hans Isaac
Roberto Succo (film)	director	Cédric Kahn
The Colonel (1974 film)	director	Chatrichalerm Yukol
Hit the Saddle	director	Mack V. Wright
Hit the Saddle	director	George Blair (director)
Riders of the Whistling Skull	director	Mack V. Wright
Riders of the Whistling Skull	director	Louis Germonprez
The Incredible World of James Bond	director	Jack Haley, Jr.
Bloodthirsty Butchers (film)	director	Andy Milligan
Papi Gudia	director	Lawrence D'Souza
Moordwijven	director	Dick Maas
Andaz (1994 film)	director	David Dhawan
July Days (film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
No Noise	director	Robert F. McGowan
Lahu Ke Do Rang (1997 film)	director	Mehul Kumar
Mis-Labeled	director	Joyce Chopra
Underworld: Rise of the Lycans	director	Patrick Tatopoulos
Aatish: Feel the Fire	director	Sanjay Gupta (director)
What If God Were the Sun?	director	Stephen Tolkin
HaPijamot	director	Ruby Duenyas
Beyond Reality (TV series)	director	Allan Kroeker
Beyond Reality (TV series)	director	Mario Azzopardi
Beyond Reality (TV series)	director	René Bonnière
Beyond Reality (TV series)	director	Bruce Pittman
Beyond Reality (TV series)	director	Randy Bradshaw
Beyond Reality (TV series)	director	Eleanor Lindo
Beyond Reality (TV series)	director	Jorge Montesi
The Saint (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
Giorgino	director	Laurent Boutonnat
The Black Box (serial)	director	Otis Turner
Smilla's Sense of Snow (film)	director	Bille August
The Hunchback (1997 film)	director	Peter Medak
Stage Fright (1923 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
I See a Dark Stranger	director	Frank Launder
National Lampoon's Adam & Eve	director	Jeff Kanew
Dunia Baru: The Movie	director	Yeop Hitler Zami
Chicken Park	director	Jerry Cala
The Painted Hills	director	Harold F. Kress
The Gallant Hours	director	Robert Montgomery (actor)
Main Madhuri Dixit Banna Chahti Hoon	director	Chandan Arora
Les Parents terribles (film)	director	Jean Cocteau
Dangerous Mind (TV series)	director	Yee Chin-yen
Kaputol ng Isang Awit	director	Mike Tuviera
D.A.W. (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
The Broken Coin	director	Francis Ford (actor)
Under the Crescent	director	Burton L. King
The Adventures of Peg o' the Ring	director	Francis Ford (actor)
The Adventures of Peg o' the Ring	director	Jacques Jaccard
Aba (film)	director	Jackson Anthony
Continental, un film sans fusil	director	Stéphane LaFleur
Silencer (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Dean White
Blood Monkey	director	Robert Young (director)
Jannat (film)	director	Kunal Deshmukh
Return to Lonesome Dove	director	Mike Robe
Hex (film)	director	Leo Garen
The Door with Seven Locks (1940 film)	director	Norman Lee
Hooked on You	director	Law Wing-cheung
The Mad Genius	director	Michael Curtiz
Arts '73	director	John McGreevy
Sangram (1993 film)	director	Lawrence D'Souza
The Baader Meinhof Complex	director	Uli Edel
100 Days (2001 film)	director	Nick Hughes
Quicksand (2002 film)	director	Sam Firstenberg
Ma tante Aline	director	Gabriel Pelletier
Fico di Capo	director	Alex Zakrzewski
Diamond Dogs (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Norberto Barba
Liberty (serial)	director	Jacques Jaccard
Liberty (serial)	director	Henry MacRae
The Mystery Ship	director	Henry MacRae
The Red Ace	director	Jacques Jaccard
The Gray Ghost (serial)	director	Stuart Paton
Dinner Party (The Office)	director	Paul Feig
Entr'acte (film)	director	René Clair
Beto Rockfeller	director	Lima Duarte
Beto Rockfeller	director	Wálter Avancini
SeinfeldVision	director	Don Scardino
Les 3 p'tits cochons	director	Patrick Huard
Lady Killer (1933 film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
Who Loves the Sun	director	Matt Bissonnette
An Affair of the Skin	director	Ben Maddow
D Tour: A Tenacious Documentary	director	Jeremy Konner
Grey Owl (film)	director	Richard Attenborough
Late Editions	director	Joe Chappelle
–30– (The Wire)	director	Clark Johnson
The Road to Wellville (film)	director	Alan Parker
The Good (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Christopher Swartout
The Black Pirates	director	Allen H. Miner
Revenge and Remorse (The Guilty Alibi)	director	Paul Krasny
The Brass Bullet	director	Ben F. Wilson
Abadan (film)	director	Mani Haghighi
Bull's Eye (serial)	director	James W. Horne
The Millionaire (1931 film)	director	John G. Adolfi
Cheech (film)	director	Patrice Sauvé
Bluff (film)	director	Simon Olivier Fecteau
Bluff (film)	director	Marc-André Lavoie
Oh, God! You Devil	director	Paul Bogart
Man on Wire	director	James Marsh (director)
Ping-pongkingen	director	Jens Jonsson
Plan 10 from Outer Space	director	Trent Harris
Krishnarjuna	director	P. Vasu
The Day Mars Invaded Earth	director	Maury Dexter
Penguin Pool Murder	director	George Archainbaud
Surviving My Mother	director	Émile Gaudreault
Malibu U	director	Jack Shea (director)
Dallas Reunion: The Return to Southfork	director	Michael Dempsey (producer)
I Thank You (film)	director	Marcel Varnel
Murder on the Blackboard	director	George Archainbaud
Murder on a Honeymoon	director	Lloyd Corrigan
The Lion's Claws	director	Jacques Jaccard
Lure of the Circus	director	J. P. McGowan
The Red Glove	director	J. P. McGowan
The Great Radium Mystery	director	Robert F. Hill
The Lion Man (serial)	director	Albert Russell (director)
Fashion (film)	director	Madhur Bhandarkar
Gutterballs (film)	director	Ryan Nicholson
The Umbrella Coup	director	Gérard Oury
Fix (film)	director	Tao Ruspoli
The Purple Taxi	director	Yves Boisset
The Challengers (CBC TV film)	director	Eric Till
Fast Workers	director	Tod Browning
Great Guy	director	John G. Blystone
The Midnight Man (1919 film)	director	James W. Horne
The Flaming Disc	director	Robert F. Hill
The Moon Riders (serial)	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Moon Riders (serial)	director	Theodore Wharton
The Collaborators	director	Peter Carter (director)
The Collaborators	director	Rene Bonniere
The Collaborators	director	Don Haldane
The Collaborators	director	Graham Parker (director)
The Collaborators	director	Allan King
The Collaborators	director	Don Shebib
The Collaborators	director	Stan Olson
The Constant	director	Jack Bender
King of the Circus	director	J. P. McGowan
The Vanishing Dagger	director	Edward A. Kull
The Vanishing Dagger	director	Eddie Polo
The Dragon's Net	director	Henry MacRae
The Diamond Queen	director	Edward A. Kull
Do or Die (serial)	director	J. P. McGowan
The Boogie Man Will Get You	director	Lew Landers
The Secret Four	director	Albert Russell (director)
The Secret Four	director	Perry N. Vekroff
Terror Trail	director	Edward A. Kull
Lost Treasure (film)	director	Jim Wynorski
Black and White (2008 Indian film)	director	Subhash Ghai
I Met the Walrus	director	Josh Raskin
The White Horseman	director	Albert Russell (director)
Winners of the West (1921 serial)	director	Edward Laemmle
Come Next Spring	director	R. G. Springsteen
Welcome to Sajjanpur	director	Shyam Benegal
Death Roe	director	Rick Wallace
Cougar Club	director	Christopher Duddy
Providence (Quebec TV series)	director	Régent Bourque
Providence (Quebec TV series)	director	Anne Sénécal
Fortunes of War (TV series)	director	James Cellan Jones
Search and Rescue (Stargate Atlantis)	director	Andy Mikita
Swanee River (film)	director	Sidney Lanfield
Mungerilal Ke Haseen Sapne	director	Prakash Jha
The Adventures of Robinson Crusoe (serial)	director	Robert F. Hill
In the Days of Buffalo Bill	director	Edward Laemmle
The River King	director	Nick Willing
Perils of the Yukon	director	Jay Marchant
Perils of the Yukon	director	J. P. McGowan
Perils of the Yukon	director	Perry N. Vekroff
The Radio King	director	Robert F. Hill
With Stanley in Africa	director	William James Craft
With Stanley in Africa	director	Edward A. Kull
Around the World in Eighteen Days	director	B. Reeves Eason
Around the World in Eighteen Days	director	Robert F. Hill
Kasthooriman	director	A. K. Lohithadas
Soothradharan	director	A. K. Lohithadas
Paadam Onnu: Oru Vilapam	director	T. V. Chandran
The Ibsen Museum (Oslo)	director	Erik Henning Edvardsen
Beasts of Paradise	director	William James Craft
The Eagle's Talons	director	Duke Worne
The Ghost City	director	Jay Marchant
In the Days of Daniel Boone	director	William James Craft
King Arthur Was a Gentleman	director	Marcel Varnel
The Oregon Trail (1923 serial)	director	Edward Laemmle
La Tía Tula	director	Miguel Picazo
Ashoka (2008 film)	director	Prem (Indian actor)
Hidden in America	director	Martin Bell (director)
The Detectives Starring Robert Taylor	director	Lewis Allen (director)
The Detectives Starring Robert Taylor	director	Richard Carlson
The Detectives Starring Robert Taylor	director	Thomas Carr (director)
The Detectives Starring Robert Taylor	director	Arthur Hiller
The Detectives Starring Robert Taylor	director	Arnold Laven
The Detectives Starring Robert Taylor	director	Don Medford
The Detectives Starring Robert Taylor	director	Ted Post
The Detectives Starring Robert Taylor	director	Paul Wendkos
Jack and the Beanstalk: The Real Story	director	Brian Henson
The Rats of Tobruk (1944 film)	director	Charles Chauvel (filmmaker)
Kuchi Kuchi Hota Hai	director	Tarun Mansukhani
The Chicken Chronicles	director	Frank Simon (director)
Liquidation (miniseries)	director	Sergei Ursuliak
The Phantom Fortune	director	Robert F. Hill
Jet Storm	director	Cy Endfield
Big Buck Bunny	director	Sacha Goedegebure
The Social Buccaneer	director	Robert F. Hill
The Steel Trail	director	William Duncan (actor)
The Fast Express	director	William Duncan (actor)
The Fighting Ranger (serial)	director	Jay Marchant
Taken (film)	director	Pierre Morel
Henry Poole Is Here	director	Mark Pellington
Godmother (film)	director	Vinay Shukla
The Final Judgement	director	Gustavo Fuertes
The Onion Field (film)	director	Harold Becker
Expresso (film)	director	Kevin Powis
The Iron Man (serial)	director	Jay Marchant
The Riddle Rider	director	William James Craft
Wolves of the North	director	William Duncan (actor)
Pride Divide	director	Paris Poirier
Ghosts of Girlfriends Past	director	Mark Waters (director)
The Road (film)	director	John Hillcoat
The Queen of Spades (1949 film)	director	Thorold Dickinson
Miss London Ltd.	director	Val Guest
Cottage to Let	director	Anthony Asquith
Lawrence Leung's Choose Your Own Adventure	director	Craig Melville
Management (film)	director	Stephen Belber
The Sheep Has Five Legs	director	Henri Verneuil
Arrête ton char... bidasse!	director	Michel Gérard
The Proud and the Beautiful	director	Yves Allégret
Pilot (Sabrina, the Teenage Witch)	director	Robby Benson
Ace of Spades (serial)	director	Henry MacRae
The Merry Gentleman	director	Michael Keaton
The Ages of Lulu	director	Bigas Luna
Wedding Night	director	Émile Gaudreault
The Trouble with Cali	director	Paul Sorvino
21 Days	director	Basil Dean
Master of the World (1934 film)	director	Harry Piel
Series 1: Episode 1 (Life on Mars)	director	Bharat Nalluri
TxT (film)	director	Mike Tuviera
Bees in Paradise	director	Val Guest
Khovanshchina (film)	director	Vera Stroyeva
The Mandrake (1965 film)	director	Alberto Lattuada
Show Me Yours	director	T. W. Peacocke
Show Me Yours	director	Paul Fox (television director)
Show Me Yours	director	John Fawcett (director)
The Great Circus Mystery	director	Jay Marchant
Shut Up and Kiss Me (film)	director	Gary Brockette
The Celestine Prophecy (film)	director	Armand Mastroianni
I Love You, Beth Cooper (film)	director	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
The Shepherd: Border Patrol	director	Isaac Florentine
Cover Me Babe	director	Noel Black
Dark Rising	director	Andrew Cymek
It's a Bikini World	director	Stephanie Rothman
Fast & Furious	director	Justin Lin
Chervona Ruta (film)	director	Roman Oleksiv
A Yank in Viet-Nam	director	Marshall Thompson
Rendezvous at Big Gulch (Terror in the Neighborhood)	director	Reza Badiyi
The Scarlet Streak	director	Henry MacRae
Fighting with Buffalo Bill	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Mirugam	director	Samy (director)
Kanna (film)	director	Anand (director)
Puli Varudhu	director	G. V. Kumar
Agra (film)	director	Chitrai Selvan
Vegam	director	Udayashankar
Onbadhu Roobai Nottu	director	Thangar Bachan
Nam Naadu (2007 film)	director	Suresh
Doraemon: Nobita in the Wan-Nyan Spacetime Odyssey	director	Ranma ½
The Other Woman	director	Eric Laneuville
Sundarakanda (2008 film)	director	Bapu (artist)
Fright (film)	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
Killer Net	director	Geoffrey Sax
Strings of Steel	director	Henry MacRae
The Winking Idol	director	Francis Ford (actor)
Boarding Gate	director	Olivier Assayas
Blake of Scotland Yard (1927 serial)	director	Robert F. Hill
The Fire Fighters	director	Jacques Jaccard
The Return of the Riddle Rider	director	Robert F. Hill
The Trail of the Tiger	director	Henry MacRae
Denial (1998 film)	director	Adam Rifkin
Whispering Smith Rides	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Haunted Island	director	Robert F. Hill
Tarzan the Mighty	director	Jack Nelson (actor)
Tarzan the Mighty	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Detective (1968 film)	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
The Vanishing Rider	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Diamond Master	director	Jack Nelson (actor)
A Final Reckoning	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The House of Mirth (2000 film)	director	Terence Davies
The Pirate of Panama	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Not My Kid	director	Michael Tuchner
The Patriot (1986 film)	director	Frank Harris (director)
Lampa (film)	director	Roman Polanski
Student Exchange	director	Mollie Miller
Carmen Comes Home	director	Keisuke Kinoshita
Carmen Comes Home	director	Masaki Kobayashi
Carmen Comes Home	director	Zenzo Matsuyama
The Perils of Pauline (1914 serial)	director	Louis J. Gasnier
The Perils of Pauline (1933 serial)	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Perils of Pauline (1947 film)	director	George Marshall (director)
The Perils of Pauline (1967 film)	director	Herbert B. Leonard
The Perils of Pauline (1967 film)	director	Joshua Shelley
Three Days of the Kahndo	director	Lauren MacMullan
Licensed to Kill (1965 film)	director	Lindsay Shonteff
Veerasamy	director	Vijaya T. Rajendar
Ordeal in the Arctic	director	Mark Sobel
Super Friends (1980)	director	Oscar Dufau
Super Friends (1980)	director	George Gordon (animator)
Super Friends (1980)	director	Charles August Nichols
Super Friends (1980)	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Super Friends (1980)	director	Carl Urbano
Nieng Arp	director	Kam Chanty
The New Exploits of Elaine	director	Louis J. Gasnier
The New Exploits of Elaine	director	Leopold Wharton
The New Exploits of Elaine	director	Theodore Wharton
The Romance of Elaine	director	George B. Seitz
The Romance of Elaine	director	Leopold Wharton
The Romance of Elaine	director	Theodore Wharton
The Brute Man	director	Jean Yarbrough
Crazy Day or The Marriage of Figaro	director	Semen Gorov
Pearl of the Army	director	Edward José
The Shielding Shadow	director	Louis J. Gasnier
The Fatal Ring	director	George B. Seitz
The Hidden Hand (serial)	director	James Vincent
A Business Affair	director	Charlotte Brandstrom
The Mystery of the Double Cross	director	Louis J. Gasnier
The Seven Pearls	director	Louis J. Gasnier
Hands Up! (serial)	director	Louis J. Gasnier
Hands Up! (serial)	director	James W. Horne
The House of Hate	director	George B. Seitz
The Adventures of Ruth	director	George Marshall (director)
Bingo Bongo	director	Pasquale Festa Campanile
The Lightning Raider	director	George B. Seitz
Day of the Idiots	director	Werner Schroeter
Dusha	director	Alexander Stefanovich
Stars In My Crown	director	Jacques Tourneur
Boots Malone	director	William Dieterle
Killer Pad	director	Robert Englund
Year of Enlightment	director	Fernando Trueba
Las Tontas No Van al Cielo	director	Felipe Nájera
Las Tontas No Van al Cielo	director	Rodrigo Hernández
Meeting Se Meeting Tak	director	Anant Mahadevan
Mrs. Salkım's Diamonds	director	Tomris Giritlioğlu
Wombling Free	director	Lionel Jeffries
The Dick Tracy Show	director	Grant Simmons
The Dick Tracy Show	director	Clyde Geronimi
The Dick Tracy Show	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
The Dick Tracy Show	director	Brad Case
The Dick Tracy Show	director	Steve Clark (animator)
The Dick Tracy Show	director	John Walker (animator)
The Dick Tracy Show	director	David Detiege
The Dick Tracy Show	director	Paul Fennell
The Dick Tracy Show	director	Abe Levitow
Ganesh (film)	director	Tirupathi Swamy
Searching for Debra Winger	director	Rosanna Arquette
The Scarlet Pimpernel (1982 film)	director	Clive Donner
Aakhri Mujra	director	Hiren Nag
Aas Paas	director	J. Om Prakash
Agni Pareeksha (1981 film)	director	Kamal Majumdar
Terror of the Range	director	Stuart Paton
The Tiger's Trail	director	Robert Ellis (actor)
The Tiger's Trail	director	Louis J. Gasnier
The Tiger's Trail	director	Paul Hurst (actor)
Dead Leaves	director	Hiroyuki Imaishi
Germinal (1993 film)	director	Claude Berri
Giallo (film)	director	Dario Argento
Sous le sable	director	François Ozon
The Big Fall	director	Antoine Waked
Jennifer's Body	director	Karyn Kusama
Delhi Safari	director	Nikhil Advani
Demonios en el Jardín	director	Manuel Gutiérrez Aragón
Blessed Event	director	Roy Del Ruth
Three Smart Girls Grow Up	director	Henry Koster
Rape (film)	director	Anja Breien
Aegan	director	Raju Sundaram
Gift Horse (film)	director	Compton Bennett
Moonlight and Valentino	director	David Anspaugh
The Best Movie	director	Kirill Kuzin
Last Rites (film)	director	Donald Bellisario
The Jewel of Death	director	Laurence Lamers
Home For Life	director	Gordon Quinn
Refrigerator Mothers	director	David E. Simpson
Vietnam, Long Time Coming	director	Gordon Quinn
When Nietzsche Wept	director	Pinchas Perry
Daredevil Jack	director	W. S. Van Dyke
The Phantom Foe	director	Bertram Millhauser
Pirate Gold (1920 serial)	director	George B. Seitz
Sadhu Miranda	director	Siddique (director)
The Heavenly Body	director	Alexander Hall
Star Wars: The Clone Wars (film)	director	Dave Filoni
How Could You Jean?	director	William Desmond Taylor
Tightrope (TV series)	director	Abner Biberman
Tightrope (TV series)	director	Irving J. Moore
Tightrope (TV series)	director	Russell Rouse
How Death Came to Earth	director	Ishu Patel
The Oyster Princess	director	Ernst Lubitsch
The Lady Gambles	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
The Terrornauts	director	Montgomery Tully
The Night of Counting the Years	director	Shadi Abdel Salam
Superior Institute of Religious Sciences of St. Thomas Aquinas	director	Dominican Order
Julia and Julia	director	Peter Del Monte
Gemini Division	director	Stan Rogow
Schwarzfahrer	director	Pepe Danquart
Condor (Jericho episode)	director	Christopher Leitch
A Breed Apart	director	Philippe Mora
The Yellow Cab Man	director	Jack Donohue (director)
The Chinese Puzzle (TV series)	director	Alan J. W. Bell
The Third Eye (serial)	director	James W. Horne
Les Ambassadeurs (film)	director	Naceur Ktari
Trailed by Three	director	Perry N. Vekroff
My Sister's Keeper (film)	director	Nick Cassavetes
Ruth of the Rockies	director	George Marshall (director)
The Avenging Arrow	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Whither Shall I Wander?	director	Bill Bain (director)
Children of Hiroshima	director	Kaneto Shindō
Number, Please?	director	Hal Roach
Number, Please?	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Rose Hill (film)	director	Christopher Cain
Fake ID (film)	director	Gil D. Reyes
Dark Harbor	director	Adam Coleman Howard
A Very Serious Person	director	Charles Busch
The Kautokeino Rebellion	director	Nils Gaup
Les Amours de la reine Élisabeth	director	Louis Mercanton
Les Amours de la reine Élisabeth	director	Henri Desfontaines
Sisindri	director	Shiva Nageswara Rao
Work In Progress (short)	director	Tom Bertino
Dead Babies (film)	director	William Marsh
Double Adventure	director	W. S. Van Dyke
The Fortieth Door	director	George B. Seitz
Galloping Hoofs	director	George B. Seitz
Into the Net	director	George B. Seitz
Leatherstocking (serial)	director	George B. Seitz
The Way of a Man	director	George B. Seitz
Ready (2008 film)	director	Srinu Vaitla
Double Agent (film)	director	Mike Vejar
Swagatam	director	Kondapalli Dasaradh Kumar
The Red Beret	director	Terence Young (director)
Fairly OddBaby	director	Ken Bruce
Fairly OddBaby	director	Gary Conrad
Fairly OddBaby	director	Michelle Bryan
Seven Pounds	director	Gabriele Muccino
Rings on Her Fingers	director	Rouben Mamoulian
The Stepford Husbands	director	Fred Walton
Santouri (film)	director	Dariush Mehrjui
Pachamarathanalil	director	Leo Thaddeus (director)
Nenjathai Killadhe (2008 film)	director	Agathiyan
Dead Dudes in the House	director	James Riffel
The Princess and the Goblin (film)	director	József Gémes
Maniac Nurses Find Ecstasy	director	Léon Paul De Bruyn
Thotta	director	Selva (director)
The Last Enemy (TV series)	director	Iain B. MacDonald
Family Moving Day  Room to Move   1	director	Moran Caouissin
Denver and Rio Grande (film)	director	Byron Haskin
Within the Rock	director	Gary J. Tunnicliffe
Project Metalbeast	director	Alessandro De Gaetano
Horsemen (2009 film)	director	Jonas Åkerlund
The Secret Life of Happy People	director	Stéphane Lapointe
Man on a Tightrope	director	Elia Kazan
The Human Stain (film)	director	Robert Benton
The 7th Dawn	director	Lewis Gilbert
Shine a Light (The Rolling Stones album)	director	Martin Scorsese
Les 11 commandements	director	François Desagnat
Les 11 commandements	director	Thomas Sorriaux
Play It Again, Brian	director	John Holmquist
Hedwig and the Angry Inch (film)	director	John Cameron Mitchell
A Match Made in Heaven	director	Paul Wendkos
The Green Archer (1925 serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The House Without a Key (serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Idaho (serial)	director	Robert F. Hill
Sunken Silver	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Sunken Silver	director	George B. Seitz
The Archer (film)	director	John Palmer (director)
Wild West (serial)	director	Robert F. Hill
Play Ball (serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Bar-C Mystery	director	Robert F. Hill
The Fighting Marine	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
McLibel (film)	director	Franny Armstrong
McLibel (film)	director	Ken Loach
Snowed In (serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Hawk of the Hills (1927 serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Ballad of the Valiant Knight Ivanhoe	director	Sergey Tarasov
Streets of Laredo (film)	director	Leslie Fenton
Melting Millions	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
No Code of Conduct	director	Bret Michaels
Roughly Speaking (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Free Money (film)	director	Yves Simoneau
Series 1: Episode 2 (Life on Mars)	director	Bharat Nalluri
Series 1: Episode 3 (Life on Mars)	director	John MacKay
Series 1: Episode 4 (Life on Mars)	director	John MacKay
Series 1: Episode 5 (Life on Mars)	director	S. J. Clarkson
Series 1: Episode 6 (Life on Mars)	director	John Alexander
Series 1: Episode 7 (Life on Mars)	director	S. J. Clarkson
Series 1: Episode 8 (Life on Mars)	director	John Alexander
Revenge of the Stepford Wives	director	Robert Fuest
Series 2: Episode 1 (Life on Mars)	director	S. J. Clarkson
Series 2: Episode 2 (Life on Mars)	director	S. J. Clarkson
Series 2: Episode 3 (Life on Mars)	director	S. J. Clarkson
Shadowhunter	director	J. S. Cardone
Mute Witness	director	Anthony Waller
Danger Signal	director	Robert Florey
Series 2: Episode 4 (Life on Mars)	director	Richard Clark
Series 2: Episode 5 (Life on Mars)	director	Andrew Gunn
Series 2: Episode 6 (Life on Mars)	director	Andrew Gunn
The Clay Pigeon	director	Richard Fleischer
Series 2: Episode 7 (Life on Mars)	director	S. J. Clarkson
Dear Ruth	director	William D. Russell
Series 2: Episode 8 (Life on Mars)	director	S. J. Clarkson
The Dead Sleep Easy	director	Lee Demarbre
Branded (film)	director	Rudolph Maté
Nuits Rouges	director	Georges Franju
The Sign of the Ram	director	John Sturges
The Man Without a Face (1928 serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
National Lampoon's Barely Legal	director	David M. Evans
The Terrible People	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Tiger's Shadow	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Yellow Cameo	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Black Book (serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Final Approach (1991 film)	director	Eric Steven Stahl
The Fire Detective	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Silent Flyer	director	William James Craft
Heroes of the Wild	director	Harry S. Webb
Isle of Sunken Gold	director	Harry S. Webb
The Golden Stallion	director	Harry S. Webb
The Vanishing West	director	Richard Thorpe
Young Tom Edison	director	Norman Taurog
Vultures of the Sea	director	Richard Thorpe
Meet Kevin Johnson	director	Stephen Williams (director)
The Fatal Warning	director	Richard Thorpe
Perils of the Wild	director	Francis Ford (actor)
Patalghar	director	Abhijit Choudhury
Blue Smoke	director	David Carson (director)
Yeti: Curse of the Snow Demon	director	Paul Ziller
Saroja (film)	director	Venkat Prabhu
De Udstillede	director	Jesper Jargil
Tech N9ne: The Psychumentary	director	Soren Baker
Tech N9ne: The Psychumentary	director	Steven Reissner
The Corn Is Green (1945 film)	director	Irving Rapper
Devil's Doorway	director	Anthony Mann
Even Pigeons Go To Heaven	director	Samuel Tourneux
The Devil's Crown	director	Alan Cooke
The Devil's Crown	director	Jane Howell
Hills of Home (film)	director	Fred M. Wilcox
Banana Joe (film)	director	Stefano Vanzina
Formula of Love	director	Mark Zakharov
The Scarlet Runner	director	Wally Van
John Rabe (film)	director	Florian Gallenberger
Unstrung Heroes	director	Diane Keaton
Per Aspera Ad Astra (film)	director	Richard Viktorov
Per Aspera Ad Astra (film)	director	Nikolai Viktorov
Sidewalk magazine  Sidewalk: In Motion   1	director	Neil Chester
Sick Girl	director	Eben McGarr
Seven Billiard Tables	director	Gracia Querejeta
Solitary Fragments	director	Jaime Rosales
The Embryo Hunts in Secret	director	Kōji Wakamatsu
Final (film)	director	Campbell Scott
To the Ends of the Earth (film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Madea Goes to Jail	director	Tyler Perry
Dream Girl (1977 film)	director	Pramod Chakravorty
Static (film)	director	Mark Romanek
Hinemoa (1913 film)	director	Gaston Méliès
Hinemoa (1914 film)	director	George Tarr
La Garçonne (1936 film)	director	Jean de Limur
Long Pants	director	Frank Capra
Ecstasy of the Angels	director	Kōji Wakamatsu
His First Flame	director	Harry Edwards (director)
Codex Atanicus	director	Carlos Atanes
Day and Night (2004 Chinese film)	director	Wang Chao (director)
Journey to the Center of the Earth (1989 film)	director	Rusty Lemorande
Journey to the Center of the Earth (1989 film)	director	Albert Pyun
The Fatal Sign	director	Stuart Paton
The Blue Fox	director	Duke Worne
Nan of the North	director	Duke Worne
The Twentieth Century Approaches	director	Igor Maslennikov
Tamagotchi: The Movie	director	Jôji Shimura
Davy Crockett and the River Pirates	director	Norman Foster (director)
Foolish Wives	director	Erich von Stroheim
The Master of Ballantrae (film)	director	William Keighley
Old Dogs (film)	director	Walt Becker
84 Charing Cross Road (film)	director	David Hugh Jones
Soul Men	director	Malcolm D. Lee
The Fighting Skipper	director	Francis Ford (actor)
A Letter from Death Row (film)	director	Marvin Baker
A Letter from Death Row (film)	director	Bret Michaels
The Santa Fe Trail (1923 film)	director	Ashton Dearholt
The Santa Fe Trail (1923 film)	director	Robert A. Dillon
Riders of the Plains	director	Jacques Jaccard
Neal of the Navy	director	William Bertram
SS Experiment Camp	director	Sergio Garrone
Monte Carlo (1930 film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Black August (film)	director	Samm Styles
Manners of Dying	director	Jeremy Peter Allen
Citizen Duane	director	Michael Mabbott
Blue City (film)	director	Michelle Manning
Tight Spot	director	Phil Karlson
La vaquilla	director	Luis García Berlanga
Mumbai Matinee	director	Anant Balani
Ek Din 24 Ghante	director	Anant Balani
Jazbaat (1980 film)	director	Suraj Prakash
Jazbaat (1994 film)	director	Anant Balani
Tum Se Achcha Kaun Hai	director	Deepak Anand
Yaad Rakhegi Duniya	director	Deepak Anand
Balwaan	director	Deepak Anand
The Neglected Wife	director	William Bertram
The Voice from the Sky	director	Ben F. Wilson
Ghost Town (film)	director	David Koepp
Thunderbolt Jack	director	Francis Ford (actor)
Thunderbolt Jack	director	Murdock MacQuarrie
Du Pappa	director	René Bjerke
Parugu	director	Bhaskar
Bad Boys (2003 Finnish film)	director	Aleksi Mäkelä
Pojat	director	Mikko Niskanen
Seven Years Bad Luck	director	Max Linder
Living With the Enemy	director	Philippe Gagnon
Walk on the Wild Side (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
The History of Sex	director	Jim Milio
The History of Sex	director	Shyam Benegal
The History of Sex	director	Melissa Jo Peltier
Lady of the Palace	director	Samir Habchi
The Final Destination	director	David R. Ellis
The Old Dark House (1963 film)	director	William Castle
Born to Win	director	Ivan Passer
Heartworn Highways	director	James Szalapski
Oriana (film)	director	Fina Torres
Officer 666 (1916 film)	director	Fred Niblo
The Song of Sparrows	director	Majid Majidi
Island of the Fishmen	director	Sergio Martino
Gurminj Museum of Musical Instruments	director	Iqbol Zavqibekov
Two Mafiamen in the Far West	director	Giorgio Simonelli
In the Raw (documentary)	director	Cousin Creep
Madame Bovary (1991 film)	director	Claude Chabrol
The Silent Mystery	director	Francis Ford (actor)
The Mystery of 13	director	Francis Ford (actor)
The Hawk's Trail	director	W. S. Van Dyke
The Great Reward	director	Francis Ford (actor)
Vanishing Trails	director	Leon De La Mothe
Dealers (film)	director	Colin Bucksey
Filming Othello	director	Orson Welles
The Secret of the Grain	director	Abdellatif Kechiche
Fighting Tommy Riley	director	Eddie O'Flaherty
They Drive by Night (1938 film)	director	Arthur B. Woods
Serious Moonlight (2009 film)	director	Cheryl Hines
Sole Survivor (1970 film)	director	Paul Stanley (director)
Ab Tak Chhappan	director	Shimit Amin
Arsène Lupin contra Sherlock Holmes	director	Viggo Larsen
The Man Who Disappeared	director	Charles Brabin
The Crimson Stain Mystery	director	T. Hayes Hunter
The Strange Case of Mary Page	director	J. Charles Haydon
The Old Man and the Sea (1958 film)	director	John Sturges
Bharatha Vilas	director	A. C. Tirulokchandar
Ghost (TV series)	director	Ng Ping Ho
Solino	director	Fatih Akın
L: Change the World	director	Hideo Nakata
Adavi Donga	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Fantômas (1920 serial)	director	Edward Sedgwick
Fantômas (1913 serial)	director	Louis Feuillade
Ante Gia	director	Phoebus (songwriter)
Mumbai Se Aaya Mera Dost	director	Apoorva Lakhia
The Hellfire Club (film)	director	Robert S. Baker
The Hellfire Club (film)	director	Monty Berman
Who's Your Daddy? (film)	director	Andy Fickman
A Tight Spot	director	Mića Milošević
Common Places	director	Adolfo Aristarain
Notorious Woman	director	Waris Hussein
Chandu the Magician (film)	director	William Cameron Menzies
Chandu the Magician (film)	director	Marcel Varnel
Bride 13	director	Richard Stanton
The Invisible Ray (1920 serial)	director	Harry A. Pollard
Aage Ki Soch	director	Dada Kondke
Six of One (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Anthony Hemingway
The Ties That Bind (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Nankin
Escape Velocity (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Edward James Olmos
Faith (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Nankin
Revelations (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Rymer
The Hub (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Paul A. Edwards
Love (2008 Indonesian film)	director	Kabir Bhatia
Tih Minh	director	Louis Feuillade
Parisette	director	Louis Feuillade
The Black Secret	director	George B. Seitz
Velvet Fingers	director	George B. Seitz
Hurricane Hutch	director	George B. Seitz
Donga (film)	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
The Sky Ranger	director	George B. Seitz
Mahanagaramlo Mayagadu	director	Vijaya Bapineedu
Go Get 'Em Hutch	director	George B. Seitz
Nobody Will Speak of Us When We're Dead	director	Agustín Díaz Yanes
Walking to the Waterline	director	Matt Mulhern
Nunca pasa nada	director	Juan Antonio Bardem
Mission Istaanbul	director	Apoorva Lakhia
Black Sun (film)	director	Gary Tarn
Speed (serial)	director	George B. Seitz
Plunder (serial)	director	George B. Seitz
King of the Corner	director	Peter Riegert
Officer 444	director	Francis Ford (actor)
Officer 444	director	Ben F. Wilson
The Radio Detective	director	William James Craft
Better Living	director	Max Meyer (director)
Elmo the Mighty	director	Henry MacRae
Elmo the Fearless	director	J. P. McGowan
Guilty Hearts	director	George Augusto
Guilty Hearts	director	Phil Dornfeld
Guilty Hearts	director	Ravi Kumar
Guilty Hearts	director	Savina Dellicour
Guilty Hearts	director	Benjamin Ross
Barbie and the Diamond Castle	director	Gino Nichele
Cargo 200	director	Aleksei Balabanov
Tanner Hall (film)	director	Tatiana von Fürstenberg
Tanner Hall (film)	director	Francesca Gregorini
Solomon Kane (film)	director	Michael J. Bassett
Monologue of Love (film)	director	Larisa Maslyuk
Freeheld	director	Cynthia Wade
The Park Is Mine (1986 film)	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
Le Mozart des pickpockets	director	Philippe Pollet-Villard
Please Don't Eat the Daisies (TV series)	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
Please Don't Eat the Daisies (TV series)	director	Bruce Bilson
Please Don't Eat the Daisies (TV series)	director	John Erman
Please Don't Eat the Daisies (TV series)	director	Tay Garnett
Please Don't Eat the Daisies (TV series)	director	Jeffrey Hayden
Please Don't Eat the Daisies (TV series)	director	Gary Nelson (director)
Please Don't Eat the Daisies (TV series)	director	Richard Whorf
Weekend Warriors (film)	director	Bert Convy
Avatar (2004 film)	director	Kuo Jian Hong
Cannibal Apocalypse	director	Antonio Margheriti
Dance of the Wind	director	Rajan Khosa
The Cannibal Man	director	Eloy de la Iglesia
The Dorm That Dripped Blood	director	Stephen Carpenter (screenwriter)
The Dorm That Dripped Blood	director	Jeffrey Obrow
Perfume (2001 film)	director	Michael Rymer
Perfume (2001 film)	director	Hunter Carson
The Bear (1984 film)	director	Richard C. Sarafian
The Timber Queen	director	Fred Jackman
Try to Remember (TV movie)	director	Jeff Beesley
White Eagle (1922 serial)	director	Fred Jackman
White Eagle (1922 serial)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Karavan lyubvi	director	Sofia Rotaru
Virus Called The Blues	director	Craig Duncan
High and Dizzy	director	Hal Roach
Arakimentari	director	Travis Klose
Carolina Cannonball	director	Charles Lamont
The Amateur (1981 film)	director	Charles Jarrott
Anzio (film)	director	Duilio Coletti
Anzio (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Hombisilu	director	Geetapriya
The Man Who Owed a Death	director	Mario Soffici
Want So Much To Believe	director	Gunnar Höglund
Dead Husbands	director	Paul Shapiro (director)
Transporter 3	director	Olivier Megaton
Broken Angel (film)	director	Aclan Bates
Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil	director	Mike Disa
A Pyromaniac's Love Story	director	Joshua Brand
The Lucky Star (film)	director	Max Fischer (screenwriter)
A Summer in the Cage	director	Ben Selkow
Ping Pong Playa	director	Jessica Yu
Harry Tracy, Desperado	director	William A. Graham (director)
Latitude 55°	director	John Juliani
The Weekenders (UK TV series)	director	Sandy Johnson (director)
Lady in Cement	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
The Curse of Steptoe	director	Michael Samuels (director)
Three of Hearts: A Postmodern Family	director	Susan Kaplan
Lucky 7 (film)	director	Harry Winer
Solovey iz sela Marshintsy	director	Sofia Rotaru
Her Dangerous Path	director	Roy Clements (director)
The Trail of the Octopus	director	Duke Worne
Android 207	director	Paul Whittington
Storm Over the Pacific (film)	director	Shūe Matsubayashi
Hatim (TV series)	director	Amrit Sagar
Gold Diggers of 1937	director	Lloyd Bacon
Gold Diggers of 1937	director	Busby Berkeley
The Love Specialist	director	Luigi Zampa
Gold Diggers in Paris	director	Ray Enright
Gold Diggers in Paris	director	Busby Berkeley
Independenţa României	director	Aristide Demetriade
Crossfire Trail	director	Simon Wincer
Nine (film)	director	Rob Marshall
Bajarse al moro	director	Fernando Colomo
The Evil Eye (1920 serial)	director	Wally Van
The Screaming Shadow	director	Ben F. Wilson
The Screaming Shadow	director	Duke Worne
The Dark Backward	director	Adam Rifkin
King of the Jungle (serial)	director	Webster Cullison
Marius and Jeannette	director	Robert Guédiguian
The Oil Factor	director	Gerard Ungerman
Afghan Star (film)	director	Havana Marking
Kissed by Winter	director	Sara Johnsen
The Pact (film)	director	Andrea Kalin
Karma (2008 film)	director	M R Shahjahan
Dinosaurs: Giants of Patagonia	director	Marc Fafard
Glitch!	director	Nico Mastorakis
Mikey (film)	director	Dennis Dimster
Kiss Loves You	director	Jim Heneghan
To Want to Fly	director	Guido Manuli
To Want to Fly	director	Maurizio Nichetti
The Story of an African Farm (film)	director	Dave Lister
Episode 1 (Silverwing)	director	Stephanie Louise Vallance
Daisy Miller (1974 film)	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Love and Bullets (1979 film)	director	Stuart Rosenberg
From the Hip (film)	director	Bob Clark
The Gold Diggers (1923 film)	director	Harry Beaumont
Anti-Corruption	director	Ng See-yuen
The Bedeviled	director	Lo Wei
Sena/Quina, la inmortalidad del cangrejo	director	Paolo Agazzi
No One Will Play with Me	director	Werner Herzog
Souli (film)	director	Alexander Abela
Big Bang (film)	director	Jeong-woo Park
The Tit and the Moon	director	Bigas Luna
Scared (film)	director	Pakphum Wonjinda
Cataclysmo and the Time Boys	director	Kevin Christensen
Ananda Tandavam	director	Gandhi Krishna
Sila Nerangalil	director	Jayaraj
Looking for Mr. Goodbar (film)	director	Richard Brooks
'Til We Meet Again	director	Edmund Goulding
'Til We Meet Again	director	Anatole Litvak
'Til We Meet Again	director	William Keighley
'Til We Meet Again	director	William K. Howard
In Buddy's Eyes	director	Larry Shaw
The Amazing Truth About Queen Raquela	director	Olaf de Fleur
Be Like Others	director	Tanaz Eshaghian
Mister Roberts (1955 film)	director	John Ford
Mister Roberts (1955 film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Hush! (2001 film)	director	Ryōsuke Hashiguchi
Bienvenue chez les Ch'tis	director	Dany Boon
The Northerners	director	Alex van Warmerdam
The Story of Temple Drake	director	Stephen Roberts (director)
The Uncle Ruckus Reality Show	director	Seung Eun Kim
Kamen Rider Den-O & Kiva: Climax Deka	director	Osamu Kaneda
Mysteries of a Barbershop	director	Erich Engel
The Big Punch	director	John Ford
Jackie (1921 film)	director	John Ford
Still Growing Up: Live & Unwrapped	director	Hamish Hamilton
Little Miss Smiles	director	John Ford
Silver Wings (film)	director	Edwin Carewe
Silver Wings (film)	director	John Ford
The Village Blacksmith (film)	director	John Ford
Night People (film)	director	Nunnally Johnson
The Face on the Bar-Room Floor (1923 film)	director	John Ford
The Great Santa Claus Switch	director	John Moffitt (director)
Mere Baap Pehle Aap	director	Priyadarshan
If They Tell You I Fell	director	Vicente Aranda
My Bloody Valentine 3D	director	Patrick Lussier
El Lute II: Tomorrow I'll be Free	director	Vicente Aranda
Third Man Out (film)	director	Ron Oliver
Her Right to Live	director	Paul Scardon
Rock-N-Roll Family	director	Satish Dutt
The Senator Was Indiscreet	director	George S. Kaufman
Kitty (1945 film)	director	Mitchell Leisen
Assassination of a High School President	director	Brett Simon
Of The People	director	Jayaraj
She Couldn't Say No (1954 film)	director	Lloyd Bacon
Laura's Star	director	Piet De Rycker
Laura's Star	director	Thilo Rothkirch
Chained Heat	director	Paul Nicholas (writer/director)
Cruel But Necessary	director	Saul Rubinek
The Tree of Life (film)	director	Terrence Malick
Three Jumps Ahead	director	John Ford
Cameo Kirby	director	John Ford
Violets Are Blue (film)	director	Jack Fisk
North of Hudson Bay	director	John Ford
Revenge of the Snakes	director	Metin Erksan
Just Heroes	director	John Woo
Just Heroes	director	Wu Ma
Killer's Paradise	director	Giselle Portenier
The Challenge (1982 film)	director	John Frankenheimer
Delfy and His Friends	director	Antoni D'Ocón
Aristocrats (TV series)	director	David Caffrey
Lord Love a Duck	director	George Axelrod
Jocks (film)	director	Steve Carver
Emanuelle and the Last Cannibals	director	Joe D'Amato
Emanuelle's Revenge	director	Joe D'Amato
Jonathan Livingston Seagull (film)	director	Hall Bartlett
Hoodman Blind	director	John Ford
Peculiarities of the National Hunt	director	Aleksandr Rogozhkin
Hearts of Oak (film)	director	John Ford
Okoge	director	Takehiro Nakajima
The Mechanical Man	director	André Deed
Cornetti alla crema	director	Sergio Martino
Chop Shop (film)	director	Ramin Bahrani
Walking (film)	director	Ryan Larkin
Everybody Does It	director	Edmund Goulding
The Watch (film)	director	Jim Donovan
Rancid Aluminium	director	Edward Thomas
Busters verden	director	Bille August
Innocence (2004 film)	director	Lucile Hadžihalilović
Lightnin'	director	John Ford
Stella Dallas (1937 film)	director	King Vidor
Stella Dallas (1925 film)	director	Henry King (director)
Slightly Dangerous	director	Wesley Ruggles
Vendetta dal futuro	director	Sergio Martino
Chéri (film)	director	Stephen Frears
Second Sight: A Love Story	director	John Korty
Grand Central Murder	director	S. Sylvan Simon
Les maîtres fous	director	Jean Rouch
Tour Generación RBD En Vivo (DVD)	director	Pedro Damián
Hello, Little Girl	director	Bethany Rooney
Peter the Great (TV series)	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
Peter the Great (TV series)	director	Lawrence Schiller
Beautiful Noise (film)	director	Eric Green (director)
Flash of Genius (film)	director	Marc Abraham
The American Revolution (miniseries)	director	Peter Schnall
Puli (film)	director	S. J. Surya
Ang Lihim ni Antonio	director	Joselito Altarejos
Fade to Black (2006 film)	director	Oliver Parker
Kentucky Pride	director	John Ford
Thank You (1925 film)	director	John Ford
The Fighting Heart (1925 film)	director	John Ford
The Scoundrel's Wife	director	Glen Pitre
Encarnación (film)	director	Anahí Berneri
Benji: Off the Leash!	director	Joe Camp
When She Jumped	director	Sabrina Farji
Gawain and the Green Knight (1973 film)	director	Stephen Weeks
Draw!	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
Chiche bombón	director	Fernando Musa
Pushcarts and Plantations: Jewish Life in Louisiana	director	Brian Cohen
Hard Ball	director	Don Scardino
Enter Batgirl, Exit Penguin	director	Oscar Ruldolph
The Late Show (film)	director	Robert Benton
Obsessed (1987 film)	director	Robin Spry
Voltaire (film)	director	John G. Adolfi
A Winter Tan	director	Jackie Burroughs
A Winter Tan	director	Louise Clark
A Winter Tan	director	John Frizzell
A Winter Tan	director	John Walker (Canadian filmmaker)
A Winter Tan	director	Aerlyn Weissman
Vampire Bats (film)	director	Eric Bross
The Woman in the Rumor	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Shin Heike Monogatari (film)	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Princess Yang Kwei-Fei	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Street of Shame	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Street of Shame	director	Yasuzo Masumura
Smile (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Michael Smith (director)
Lonelyville (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Constantine Makris
Courtship (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
Self-Made (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Ken Girotti
Offense (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Tom DiCillo
Untethered (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Ken Girotti
Senseless (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
A Time for Defiance	director	Antonio Mercero
Ah Long Pte Ltd	director	Jack Neo
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson	director	Igor Maslennikov
Two of Us (1987 film)	director	Roger Tonge (director)
Beautiful Losers (film)	director	Aaron Rose
Beautiful Losers (film)	director	Joshua Leonard
I'm Going Home (film)	director	Manoel de Oliveira
James Pandu	director	Selva (director)
Kannan Varuvaan	director	Sundar C.
Maayi	director	Surya Prakash
Sabhash	director	Subash
Simhasanam	director	Krishna (actor)
Asathal	director	P. Vasu
Dhosth	director	Thulasidas
Seerivarum Kaalai	director	Ramarajan
Samudhiram	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Azhagana Naatkal	director	Sundar C.
The Taking of Pelham 123 (2009 film)	director	Tony Scott
Ullam Kollai Poguthae	director	Sundar C.
Vaanchinathan	director	Shaji Kailas
Vedham	director	Arjun Sarja
Thulluvadho Ilamai	director	Kasthuri Raja
Album (film)	director	Vasanthabalan
Five Star (film)	director	Susi Ganeshan
Hey! Nee Romba Azhaga Irukke	director	Vasanth
Kadhal Virus	director	Kathir
Thenkasi Pattanam	director	Rafi Mecartin
Chokka Thangam	director	K. Bhagyaraj
Dum (2003 Tamil film)	director	A. Venkatesh (director)
Julie Ganapathi	director	Balu Mahendra
Kurumbu	director	Vishnuvardhan (director)
Ragasiyamai	director	Amuthan
Student Number 1	director	Selva (director)
Azhagiya Theeye	director	Radha Mohan
Devathayai Kanden	director	Boopathy Pandian
Engal Anna	director	Siddique (director)
Kudaikul Mazhai	director	R. Parthiban
Kuththu	director	A. Venkatesh (director)
Sullan	director	Ramana (director)
Vaanam Vasappadum	director	P. C. Sreeram
6'2	director	V. Senthil Kumar
Alaiyadikkuthu	director	Kalimuthu
Amudhey	director	S.Ezhil
Think Fast, Mr. Moto	director	Norman Foster (director)
The Jar: A Tale From the East	director	Ammar Al Sharbaji
The Awaken Punch	director	Fong Lung-Seung
A Captain's Honor	director	Pierre Schoendoerffer
Calcutta News	director	Blessy
Joot	director	Azhagam Perumal
I Aim at the Stars	director	J. Lee Thompson
Kannadi Pookal	director	K. Shajahan
Kana Kandaen	director	K. V. Anand
Karka Kasadara	director	R. V. Udayakumar
Oru Naal Oru Kanavu	director	Fazil
Ponniyin Selvan (2005 film)	director	Radha Mohan
Thaka Thimi Tha	director	Sundar C.
Vetrivel Sakthivel	director	Lakshmi Priyan
Idhu Kadhal Varum Paruvam	director	Kasthuri Raja
Kaivantha Kalai	director	Pandiarajan
Jerry (film)	director	S. B. Khanthan
Sasanam	director	J. Mahendran
Firestarter (film)	director	Mark L. Lester
The Foot Fist Way	director	Jody Hill
Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?	director	Curtis Harrington
Fairytale of Kathmandu	director	Neasa Ní Chianáin
Popcorn Khao! Mast Ho Jao	director	Kabir Sadanand
The Two-Headed Spy	director	André de Toth
Façade (film)	director	Carl Colpaert
Zombie Nation (film)	director	Ulli Lommel
Fanny by Gaslight (film)	director	Anthony Asquith
Attack (1956 film)	director	Robert Aldrich
The Slammin' Salmon	director	Kevin Heffernan (actor)
Joyless Street	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Nobleza gaucha (1915 film)	director	Eduardo Martinez de la Pera
Nobleza gaucha (1915 film)	director	Humberto Cairo
Nobleza gaucha (1915 film)	director	Ernesto Gunche
Unstable Fables	director	Hoho santa
Unstable Fables	director	Arish Fyzee
Unstable Fables  Tortoise vs. Hare   1	director	Howard E. Baker
Unstable Fables  Tortoise vs. Hare   1	director	Arish Fyzee
Unstable Fables  The Goldilocks and the 3 Bears Show   1	director	Howard E. Baker
Unstable Fables  The Goldilocks and the 3 Bears Show   1	director	Arish Fyzee
Aid Station (M*A*S*H)	director	William K. Jurgensen
Peg o' My Heart (1933 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Une journée en taxi	director	Robert Ménard (director)
Emanuelle Around the World	director	Joe D'Amato
A Crime	director	Manuel Pradal
La Femme de l'hôtel	director	Léa Pool
A Walk to Beautiful	director	Mary Olive Smith
A Walk to Beautiful	director	Amy Bucher
Armin (film)	director	Ognjen Sviličić
Days of Eclipse	director	Alexander Sokurov
Perdón, viejita	director	José A. Ferreyra
A Life in the Death of Joe Meek	director	Howard S. Berger
A Life in the Death of Joe Meek	director	Susan Stahmann
I'll Never Forget You (film)	director	Roy Ward Baker
The Shamrock Handicap	director	John Ford
Kipps (1941 film)	director	Carol Reed
Courting Condi	director	Sebastian Doggart
Tire dié	director	Fernando Birri
Sailor of the King	director	Boulting brothers
Where No Vultures Fly	director	Harry Watt (director)
The Lady In The Bottle	director	Gene Nelson
Hard Rock Treasures	director	Martin Melhuish
Canyon Passage	director	Jacques Tourneur
The Rebel Son	director	Adrian Brunel
The Rebel Son	director	Albert de Courville
The Rebel Son	director	Alexis Granowsky
Something Money Can't Buy	director	Pat Jackson
Wiener Takes All: A Dogumentary	director	Shane MacDougall
Bedtime Stories (film)	director	Adam Shankman
Brenda Starr (film)	director	Robert Ellis Miller
The Devil's Messenger	director	Herbert L. Strock
Mario (film)	director	Jean Beaudin
Mutter Krausens Fahrt ins Glück	director	Phil Jutzi
Levitation (film)	director	Scott D. Goldstein
Love and Marriage (M*A*S*H)	director	Lee Philips (actor)
Split Second (1953 film)	director	Dick Powell
Goodnight Cleveland	director	Jim Heneghan
Tonsil Trouble	director	Trey Parker
La Boîte noire	director	Richard Berry (actor)
Jassy (film)	director	Bernard Knowles
The Brothers (1947 film)	director	David MacDonald (director)
The Emperor's Candlesticks (film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
When the Bough Breaks (1947 film)	director	Lawrence Huntington
Conspiracy of Hearts	director	Ralph Thomas
Tribute to a Bad Man	director	Robert Wise
Le Matou	director	Jean Beaudin
Chichu Art Museum	director	Soichiro Fukutake
Centro de Relaciones Internacionales	director	Ignacio Martínez Cortés
The Prisoner of Zenda (1922 film)	director	Rex Ingram (director)
Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves (1944 film)	director	Arthur Lubin
Adventures of Don Quixote (film)	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Brigaden	director	Erik Poppe
Brigaden	director	Berit Nesheim
Brigaden	director	Christian Brym
Brigaden	director	Tor Tørstad
Slapsgiving	director	Pamela Fryman
Oliver Twist (1982 TV film)	director	Clive Donner
Dancing in the Dark (1986 film)	director	Leon Marr
Revolution of Pigs	director	René Reinumägi
Revolution of Pigs	director	Jaak Kilmi
The Phantom of Hollywood	director	Gene Levitt
The Barbarian (1933 film)	director	Sam Wood
The Skin of the South	director	Ishirō Honda
Unbelievable Adventures of Italians in Russia	director	Eldar Ryazanov
Unbelievable Adventures of Italians in Russia	director	Franco Prosperi
All My Friends Are Leaving Brisbane	director	Louise Alston
Operation Homecoming: Writing the Wartime Experience	director	Richard E. Robbins
Aaja Nachle	director	Anil Mehta
Violent Saturday	director	Richard Fleischer
Shaurya	director	Samar Khan
The Last of Mrs. Cheyney (1937 film)	director	Richard Boleslavsky
The Last of Mrs. Cheyney (1937 film)	director	Dorothy Arzner
Alina (film)	director	Giorgio Pastina
47 morto che parla	director	Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia
Bellezze in bicicletta	director	Carlo Campogalliani
Welcome, Reverend!	director	Aldo Fabrizi
The Informant!	director	Steven Soderbergh
Mother Love (TV series)	director	Simon Langton (television director)
One Love (film)	director	Rick Elgood
One Love (film)	director	Don Letts
Party Line (film)	director	William Webb
John and the Missus	director	Gordon Pinsent
Too Scared to Scream	director	Tony Lo Bianco
To kafe tis Charas	director	Kostas Lychnaras
Pulitzer Prize Playhouse	director	Lawrence Carra
Pulitzer Prize Playhouse	director	Alex Segal
Consenting Adults (BBC)	director	Richard Curson Smith
The Echo (2008 film)	director	Yam Laranas
L' Amore di Norma	director	Giuseppe De Martino
Il Brigante Musolino	director	Mario Camerini
Beauty and the Devil	director	René Clair
Sur – The Melody of Life	director	Tanuja Chandra
All the Rage (film)	director	Roland Tec
Densen Uta	director	Masato Harada
Ealing Comedy (film)	director	Neville Raschid
Ooty Varai Uravu	director	C. V. Sridhar
Pouvoir intime	director	Yves Simoneau
The Vicious Kind	director	Lee Toland Krieger
Hail! Hail! Rock 'n' Roll	director	Taylor Hackford
Ballad of the Little Soldier	director	Werner Herzog
Ballad of the Little Soldier	director	Denis Reichle
Scream of Stone	director	Werner Herzog
A Woman Named Jackie	director	Larry Peerce
Coffee Date	director	Stewart Wade
The Best of Everything (1959 film)	director	Jean Negulesco
Family Viewing	director	Atom Egoyan
Kailashey Kelenkari (film)	director	Sandip Ray
Premabhishekam (2008 film)	director	S. S. Vikram Gandhi
The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency (TV series)	director	Anthony Minghella
The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency (TV series)	director	Charles Sturridge
The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency (TV series)	director	Tim Fywell
Some Dudes Can Fight	director	William Garwood
Paar Magale Paar	director	A. Bhimsingh
Adolescence Part II	director	Ishirō Honda
The Man Who Came to Port	director	Ishirō Honda
The Blue Pearl	director	Ishirō Honda
Farewell Rabaul	director	Ishirō Honda
Eagle of the Pacific	director	Ishirō Honda
Julia (2008 film)	director	Erick Zonca
Ma-ma	director	Elisabeta Bostan
Life Classes	director	William D. MacGillivray
Black River (1957 film)	director	Masaki Kobayashi
King & Country	director	Joseph Losey
Give Us Our Skeletons	director	Paul-Anders Simma
Love Makeup	director	Ishirō Honda
The Unborn (2009 film)	director	David S. Goyer
Enemy Territory (film)	director	Peter Manoogian
Les Portes tournantes	director	Francis Mankiewicz
Flight From Glory	director	Lew Landers
The Wombles (TV series)	director	Ivor Wood
The Wombles (TV series)  The Wombles   1	director	John Ellis
Anastasia: The Mystery of Anna	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
Flatworld	director	Daniel Greaves (animator)
So You Think You Can Dance (Malaysia, season 1)	director	Zebedee De Costa
So You Think You Can Dance (Malaysia, season 1)	director	Tengku Firhad
Sunday (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Grossman
Smugglers' Cove	director	William Beaudine
Three Godfathers (1936 film)	director	Richard Boleslavsky
No Way to Treat a Lady	director	Jack Smight
Arizona Summer	director	Joey Travolta
My Bad Too	director	Linda Mendoza
Hustle (1975 film)	director	Robert Aldrich
Demons of the Mind	director	Peter Sykes
Dead Roses	director	Robert McCorkle
The Runner (1999 film)	director	Ron Moler
Oen-san	director	Ishirō Honda
Night School (1956 film)	director	Ishirō Honda
A Farewell to the Woman Called My Sister	director	Ishirō Honda
People of Tokyo, Goodbye	director	Ishirō Honda
À corps perdu	director	Léa Pool
Paris (1926 film)	director	Edmund Goulding
Counter-Attack	director	Zoltan Korda
I Remember Everything, Richard	director	Rolands Kalniņš
Vilapangalkkappuram	director	T. V. Chandran
Somers Town (film)	director	Shane Meadows
D'ække bare, bare Bernt	director	Trond Lie
American Drug War: The Last White Hope	director	Kevin Booth
Stella (2008 film)	director	Sylvie Verheyde
The Blood of Hussain	director	Jamil Dehlavi
Magdusa Ka	director	Maryo J. de los Reyes
Count Five and Die	director	Victor Vicas
Be Happy, These Two Lovers	director	Ishirō Honda
A Rainbow Plays in My Heart	director	Ishirō Honda
Young Tree (film)	director	Ishirō Honda
A Teapicker's Song of Goodbye	director	Ishirō Honda
The Mountain Pass of Love and Hate	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Sound of the Mountain	director	Mikio Naruse
A Wife's Heart	director	Mikio Naruse
In Search of a Midnight Kiss	director	Alex Holdridge
The Hart of London	director	Jack Chambers
Evolusi KL Drift	director	Syamsul Yusof
Twist of Faith	director	Kirby Dick
Britney's New Look	director	Trey Parker
Tokyo Chorus	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Chaindance	director	Allan A. Goldstein
Kailan Mali ang Pagibig	director	Joyce E. Bernal
Naiyya	director	Prashanta Nanda
Dog Altogether	director	Paddy Considine
Batteuse à vapeur	director	Georges Méliès
Le Bivouac	director	Georges Méliès
Soccer Mom (film)	director	Gregory McClatchy
Les Blanchisseuses	director	Georges Méliès
Bois de Boulogne (film)	director	Georges Méliès
Duplicity (film)	director	Tony Gilroy
Engal Aasan	director	Kalaimani
Siva Manasula Sakthi	director	M. Rajesh (director)
Achchamundu! Achchamundu!	director	Arun Vaidyanathan
Peranmai	director	S. P. Jananathan
Moyl: The Story of a Traveling Jewish Ritual Circumciser	director	Moti Krauthamer
Ai margini della metropoli	director	Carlo Lizzani
Ai margini della metropoli	director	Massimo Mida
Jacobo Ortis	director	Giuseppe Sterni
Quiet City (film)	director	Aaron Katz (filmmaker)
The Man Who Smiles	director	Mario Mattoli
Bye Bye Birdie (film)	director	George Sidney
Pagliacci (1948 film)	director	Mario Costa (director)
Angadi Theru	director	Vasanthabalan
152 (film)	director	Darryl Knickrehm
I, the Other	director	Mohsen Melliti
Prisoner of Paradise	director	Malcolm Clarke
Prisoner of Paradise	director	Stuart Sender
Aanaval Mothiram	director	G. S. Vijayan
Where Do You Hide the Sun?	director	Abdallah al-Mubahi
Paul Blart: Mall Cop	director	Steve Carr
Full Speed	director	Mario Mattoli
I Love You Only	director	Mario Mattoli
La Damigella di Bard (film)	director	Mario Mattoli
The Babysitter	director	Guy Ferland
Gli ultimi giorni di Pompeo	director	Mario Mattoli
Sette giorni all'altro mondo	director	Mario Mattoli
Musica in piazza	director	Mario Mattoli
These Children	director	Mario Mattoli
Felicità Colombo	director	Mario Mattoli
Dead On: The Life and Cinema of George A. Romero	director	Rusty Nails (filmmaker)
Champagnegaloppen	director	George Schnéevoigt
Une histoire inventée	director	André Forcier
The Sting II	director	Jeremy Kagan
American Raspberry (film)	director	Bradley R. Swirnoff
Beyond the Sunset	director	Jacob Cheung
Death's Requiem	director	Marc Furmie
The Leading Man	director	John Duigan
Fever (1989 film)	director	Craig Lahiff
The King of Fighters (film)	director	Gordon Chan
Water Lilies (film)	director	Céline Sciamma
The Backlot Murders	director	David DeFalco
Terry Pratchett's Going Postal	director	Jon Jones (director)
La sfida	director	Francesco Rosi
Ca. Lykkelig	director	Arild Brubakk
Ca. Lykkelig	director	Trond Lie
P (film)	director	Paul Spurrier
Layanam	director	Thulasidas
My Best Girl (1927 film)	director	Sam Taylor (director)
Pollyanna (1920 film)	director	Paul Powell (director)
Menno's Mind	director	Jon Kroll
Evil Calls: The Raven	director	Richard Driscoll
Gunnin' for That No. 1 Spot	director	Adam Yauch
Oliver Twist (1982 film)	director	Richard Slapczynski
Billu	director	Priyadarshan
Broken (2007 film)	director	Alan White
Nissene på låven	director	Espen Eckbo
Nissene på låven	director	Kristian Ødegård
Pilot (The Shield)	director	Clark Johnson
First Picture	director	Akram Al-Ashqar
Man Friday (film)	director	Jack Gold
I Don't Know You Anymore	director	Nunzio Malasomma
Flashbacks of a Fool	director	Baillie Walsh
Nass Mlah City	director	Djafar Gacem
Lost (TV series)	director	Jack Bender
Lost (TV series)	director	Stephen Williams (director)
3 Bad Men	director	John Ford
The Blue Eagle	director	John Ford
The Blank Generation	director	Ivan Kral
Evergreen (film)	director	Victor Saville
Finding Amanda	director	Peter Tolan
The English Surgeon (film)	director	Geoffrey Smith (filmmaker)
Polar Bears (TV movie)	director	Polly Draper
Come Play With Me	director	Harrison Marks
The Shape of Things to Come (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
The Viking Sagas	director	Michael Chapman (cinematographer)
Lorna's Silence	director	Dardenne brothers
University of Florida Athletic Association	director	Jeremy Foley
Tongan Ninja	director	Jason Stutter
Zomerhitte	director	Monique van de Ven
Against a Crooked Sky	director	Earl Bellamy
Take a Deep Breath	director	Dragan Marinković (director)
Secret Talents of the Stars	director	Don Weiner
Kiss or Kill (film)	director	Bill Bennett (director)
D.O.A.: A Rite of Passage	director	Lech Kowalski
The Spiral Staircase (1975 film)	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
Denial (1990 film)	director	Erin Dignam
Anaconda 3: Offspring	director	Don E. FauntLeRoy
Francis of Assisi (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Alice in Wonderland (1988 film)	director	Rich Trueblood
The Wrecking Crew (1999 film)	director	Albert Pyun
Pie in the Sky (1996 film)	director	Bryan Gordon
Dostana (2008 film)	director	Tarun Mansukhani
Kondattam	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Kovil (film)	director	Hari (director)
Vaitheeswaran	director	M. L. Raja
Kokki (film)	director	Prabu Solomon
Requiem for a Lightweight	director	Hy Averback
Seval	director	Hari (director)
Nandalala	director	Mysskin
Rasikkum Seemane	director	R. K. Vidhyadaran
Poo (film)	director	Sasi (director)
Padikathavan	director	Suraj (director)
Aadukalam	director	Vetrimaaran
Modhi Vilayadu	director	Saran (director)
Alpha Protocol	director	Chris Parker (Obsidian Entertainment)
Take it Out in Trade: The Outtakes	director	Ed Wood
The Man Inside	director	John Gilling
So What Now?	director	Tony Dow
The Rape of Richard Beck	director	Karen Arthur
Blue Valley Songbird	director	Richard A. Colla
Take It Out in Trade	director	Ed Wood
La Misma Luna	director	Patricia Riggen
Bhale Dongalu	director	K. Vijaya Bhaskar
Sargam (1992 film)	director	Hariharan (director)
The Human League Video Single (1983)	director	Steve Barron
Conspiracy (2008 film)	director	Adam Marcus
Black Magic (1949 film)	director	Gregory Ratoff
The Garage (1979 film)	director	Eldar Ryazanov
The Trust That Has Burst	director	Aleksandr Pavlovsky
Testosterone (film)	director	David Moreton
Ángeles S.A.	director	Eduard Bosch
Upstream (film)	director	John Ford
Kotha Bangaru Lokam	director	Srikanth Addala
Napoleon's Barber	director	John Ford
Riley the Cop	director	John Ford
Pilot (Everybody Loves Raymond)	director	Michael Lembeck
École nationale supérieure de chimie de Paris	director	Alain Fuchs
My Dog Tulip	director	Paul Fierlinger
Paranoid (2000 horror film)	director	Ash Smith
Rock Monster	director	Declan O'Brien
Homecoming (Miss Guided)	director	Todd Holland
Strong Boy	director	John Ford
Major Boobage	director	Trey Parker
Seas Beneath	director	John Ford
Peace to Him Who Enters	director	Aleksandr Alov
Peace to Him Who Enters	director	Vladimir Naumov
Days of Youth	director	Yasujirō Ozu
The Brat	director	John Ford
State Fair (1945 film)	director	Walter Lang
State Fair (1962 film)	director	José Ferrer
I'm Dancing as Fast as I Can	director	Jack Hofsiss
Like Mom, Like Me	director	Michael Pressman
Wind in the Willows (1988 film)	director	Geoff Collins (director)
Beverly Hills Cop (film series)	director	Martin Brest
Beverly Hills Cop (film series)	director	Tony Scott
Beverly Hills Cop (film series)	director	John Landis
Nass Mlah City 2	director	Maouid Maâel
Going Ape!	director	Jeremy Joe Kronsberg
The Moses Code	director	James Twyman
Kushi (2000 film)	director	S. J. Surya
Poco... Little Dog Lost	director	Dwight Brooks
Sidewalks of London	director	Tim Whelan
Ayan (film)	director	K. V. Anand
Adam and Evelyne	director	Harold French
The Imposter (film)	director	Daniel Millican
Nass Mlah City 3	director	Djafar Gacem
Assembly (film)	director	Feng Xiaogang
Brown on Resolution (film)	director	Walter Forde
Brown on Resolution (film)	director	Anthony Asquith
Virus (1995 film)	director	Armand Mastroianni
*Corpus Callosum	director	Michael Snow
The A-Team (film)	director	Joe Carnahan
Straight (film)	director	Parvati Balagopalan
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1936 film)	director	John Cromwell (director)
Quality Time (film)	director	Chris LaMont
Næturvaktin	director	Ragnar Bragason
Svet na Kajžarju	director	France Štiglic
Back and Forth (film)	director	Michael Snow
Amandus (film)	director	France Štiglic
Stronghold of Toughs	director	Jože Pogačnik
A Yank at Eton	director	Norman Taurog
Millennium (The X-Files)	director	Thomas J. Wright
Moscow-Cassiopeia	director	Richard Viktorov
American Cousins	director	Don Coutts
Teens in the Universe	director	Richard Viktorov
Valery Chkalov (film)	director	Mikhail Kalatozov
Hostile Whirlwinds	director	Mikhail Kalatozov
Nerdcore Rising (film)	director	Negin Farsad
Nerdcore Rising (film)	director	Kim Gatewood
Airmail (film)	director	John Ford
Pilgrimage (1933 film)	director	John Ford
The Boat That Rocked	director	Richard Curtis
The One with the Sonogram at the End	director	James Burrows
The Visitor (2008 film)	director	Thomas McCarthy (entertainer)
Gamyam	director	Radhakrishna Jagarlamudi
International Hareport	director	Jan Bultheel
International Hareport	director	Fabrice Fouquet
Jack and Jill vs. the World	director	Vanessa Parise
The Tunnel (1935 film)	director	Maurice Elvey
Nevidni bataljon	director	Jane Kavčič
Blind Spot (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Norberto Barba
Ne čakaj na maj	director	František Čáp
Vesna (film)	director	František Čáp
Sigma Harmonics	director	Hiroki Chiba
Doual'art	director	Marilyn Douala Bell
Tähdet kertovat, komisario Palmu	director	Matti Kassila
The Turning Point (1945 film)	director	Fridrikh Ermler
Killer's Moon	director	Alan Birkinshaw
Prelude to a Kiss (film)	director	Norman René
Hot Sub (Miss Guided episode)	director	Todd Holland
The Round-Up (1965 film)	director	Miklós Jancsó
Kennedy (TV miniseries)	director	Jim Goddard
Doctor Bull	director	John Ford
The World Moves On	director	John Ford
Marsha, Queen of Diamonds	director	James B. Clark (director)
Night of the Bloody Apes (film)	director	René Cardona
Cadillac Records	director	Darnell Martin
Dancing in the Rain	director	Boštjan Hladnik
Baby Blood	director	Alain Robak
Exposé (film)	director	James Kenelm Clarke
China Town (1962 film)	director	Shakti Samanta
Reckless (1995 film)	director	Norman René
Kites (film)	director	Anurag Basu
Head Case (film)	director	Anthony Spadaccini
Vodkaa, komisario Palmu	director	Matti Kassila
Marsha's Scheme of Diamonds	director	James B. Clark (director)
Judge Priest	director	John Ford
Hunting and Gathering (film)	director	Claude Berri
Steamboat Round the Bend	director	John Ford
Fixed Bayonets!	director	Samuel Fuller
Caught (1996 film)	director	Robert M. Young (film director)
Carlton-Browne of the F.O.	director	Boulting brothers
Carlton-Browne of the F.O.	director	Jeffrey Dell
Flawless (2007 film)	director	Michael Radford
Yellowstone Kelly	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Return to Two Moon Junction	director	Farhad Mann
Four Men and a Prayer	director	John Ford
Torpedo Squadron	director	John Ford
Sex Hygiene	director	Otto Brower
Sex Hygiene	director	John Ford
The Straw Hat	director	Leonid Kvinikhidze
The Big Sky (film)	director	Howard Hawks
Inside (2007 film)	director	Julien Maury and Alexandre Bustillo
Inside (2007 film)	director	Julien Maury and Alexandre Bustillo
The Girl on a Motorcycle	director	Jack Cardiff
Dawg (film)	director	Victoria Hochberg
Sand (film)	director	Matt Palmieri
Love in Paris	director	Anne Goursaud
Hanky Panky (film)	director	Sidney Poitier
Lisa and the Devil	director	Mario Bava
Bunu Gerçekten Yapmalı Mıyım	director	Ismail Necmi
Alley Cat (film)	director	Victor M. Ordonez
Alley Cat (film)	director	Eduardo Palmos
Alley Cat (film)	director	Al Valletta
The Green Pastures (film)	director	Marc Connelly
The Green Pastures (film)	director	William Keighley
Hardbodies	director	Mark Griffiths (film director)
Impulse (1984 film)	director	Graham Baker (director)
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (1939 film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Brainsmasher... A Love Story	director	Albert Pyun
Gym Teacher: The Movie	director	Paul Dinello
Jeevana Chaitra	director	Dorai Bhagavan
Van Morrison in Ireland	director	Michael Radford
She's No Angel	director	Rachel Feldman
Failure of Engineer Garin	director	Leonid Kvinikhidze
The Incredible Journey of Doctor Meg Laurel	director	Guy Green (filmmaker)
Mary Poppins, Goodbye	director	Leonid Kvinikhidze
Arctic Blue	director	Peter Masterson
Wedlock (film)	director	Lewis Teague
Just Another Saturday	director	John Mackenzie (director)
The Bandit (1946 film)	director	Alberto Lattuada
Impulse (1990 film)	director	Sondra Locke
Dans Paris	director	Christophe Honoré
Come Spy with Me (film)	director	Marshall Stone (director)
All in a Night's Work (film)	director	Joseph Anthony
Dark Journey (film)	director	Victor Saville
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Undead	director	Jordan Galland
The Slender Thread	director	Sydney Pollack
Lily (1973 special)	director	Rick Wallace
Canada on Strike	director	Trey Parker
Storm in a Teacup (film)	director	Ian Dalrymple
Storm in a Teacup (film)	director	Victor Saville
Hammer Bay	director	Ben Briand
Manifestations of Shiva	director	Malcolm Leigh
Lost in Austen	director	Dan Zeff
Ikaw Na Sana	director	Mac Alejandre
Ikaw Na Sana  The Movie   1	director	Mac Alejandre
Algie the Miner	director	Harry Schenck
Algie the Miner	director	Edward Warren (director)
Algie the Miner	director	Alice Guy-Blaché
The Siege of the Alcazar	director	Augusto Genina
Bread and Tulips	director	Silvio Soldini
Alfie Darling	director	Ken Hughes
La vendedora de rosas	director	Víctor Gaviria
State of Fear: The Truth about Terrorism	director	Pamela Yates
Ex Stasis	director	Bill L. Norton
Shibboleth (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Darnell Martin
The Family Man (American TV series)	director	Rich Correll
The Family Man (American TV series)	director	Mark Linn-Baker
The Ghouls	director	Chad Ferrin
The Good Child	director	Jean de Segonzac
Argo (film)	director	Jordan Bayne
Argo (film)	director	Michael Knowles
The Surrogate (The Outer Limits)	director	Ken Girotti
MILF Island	director	Kevin Rodney Sullivan
Echo (1997 film)	director	Charles Correll
King (2008 film)	director	Srinu Vaitla
Who's Been Sleeping in My Bed?	director	Daniel Mann
Rough Night in Jericho (film)	director	Arnold Laven
Rock the Cradle	director	Jonathan Bullen
Night Out	director	Ken Whittingham
The Vessel (The Outer Limits)	director	Jimmy Kaufman
I Love You, Man	director	John Hamburg
Year at Danger	director	Steve Metze
Year at Danger	director	Don Swaynos
Watch (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Alex Chapple
Dark Mansions	director	Jerry London
Grissom's Divine Comedy	director	Richard J. Lewis
The Bracket	director	Pamela Fryman
It Happened in the Donbass	director	Leonid Lukov
Exposing Homelessness	director	Kerri Gawryn
The Tell-Tale Heart (1941 film)	director	Jules Dassin
Kūsō no Sora Tobu Kikaitachi	director	Hayao Miyazaki
Armored (film)	director	Nimród Antal
December Heat (film)	director	Asko Kase
Being Human (documentary)	director	Denys Desjardins
Zigs (film)	director	Mars Callahan
My Eye for a Camera	director	Denys Desjardins
Strong with Spirit	director	Viktor Georgiyev
I.T.A.L.Y.	director	Mark A. Reyes
10:30 P.M. Summer	director	Jules Dassin
The Great Resistance	director	Denys Desjardins
Up Tight!	director	Jules Dassin
Rebel with a Camera	director	Denys Desjardins
Promise at Dawn	director	Jules Dassin
Gunmen (1994 film)	director	Deran Sarafian
Chicago Joe and the Showgirl	director	Bernard Rose (director)
Une chambre en ville	director	Jacques Demy
The Hurt Locker	director	Kathryn Bigelow
The Mummy (franchise)	director	The Mummy (1999 film)
The Mummy (franchise)	director	The Mummy Returns
The Mummy (franchise)	director	Stephen Sommers
The Mummy (franchise)	director	The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor
The Mummy (franchise)	director	Rob Cohen
Hollywood Canteen (film)	director	Delmer Daves
Haseena Atom Bomb	director	Saeed Ali Khan
On the Silver Globe (film)	director	Andrzej Żuławski
Mister Eleven	director	Paul Gay
Defendor	director	Peter Stebbings
Les Spécialistes	director	Patrice Leconte
A Dream of Passion	director	Jules Dassin
Saving Face (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Rick Wallace
Anna's Storm	director	Kristoffer Tabori
Live in Hawaii (Janet Jackson DVD)	director	David Mallet (director)
Scared Crazy	director	Marisol Torres
Dollhouse (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
The Secret Life of Bees (film)	director	Gina Prince-Bythewood
The Raccoons and the Lost Star	director	Kevin Gillis
Almanach 1999-2000	director	Denys Desjardins
The Velvet Rope Tour – Live in Concert	director	David Mallet (director)
Amour d'Enfants	director	Fares Khalil
The Dark Hour (2007 film)	director	Elio Quiroga
The Marriage of a Young Stockbroker	director	Lawrence Turman
Congkak (film)	director	Ahmad Idham
1 For 3	director	Bert De Leon
Prisoner (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Rick Wallace
Unchained (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Alex Zakrzewski
Acts of Contrition	director	Frank Prinzi
Cabfair	director	Justin Chenier
The Little Foxes (film)	director	William Wyler
Lucy (film)	director	Glenn Jordan
The Open Road	director	Michael Meredith
Max Payne (film)	director	John Moore (director)
Die Brücke (film)	director	Bernhard Wicki
He That Believeth in Me	director	Michael Rymer
Lovingly Yours, Helen	director	Marilou Diaz-Abaya
Lovingly Yours, Helen	director	Gilbert Perez
Lovingly Yours, Helen	director	Mario O'Hara
Lovingly Yours, Helen	director	Laurice Guillen
Something Nice Back Home	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Tokyo March	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Dramma Giocoso (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	John David Coles
Vacancy (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
The Healer (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
Cruise to Nowhere	director	Marisol Torres
To the Bone (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
On Fire (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
Kujiratori	director	Hayao Miyazaki
The Unholy Three (1930 film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
The Unholy Three (1925 film)	director	Tod Browning
The Pickwick Papers (film)	director	Noel Langley
Another Part of the Forest (film)	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
Peter and the Penny	director	Denys Desjardins
Peter and the Penny	director	Stéphane Thibault
The Informers (1963 film)	director	Ken Annakin
Three Plus Two	director	Genrikh Oganisyan
Saturday Night Live Weekend Update Thursday	director	Don Roy King
Macbeth (1960 film)	director	George Schaefer (director)
Love Me, Love My Money	director	Wong Jing
Graduation (film)	director	Mike Mayer
Do It for Johnny	director	Haylar Garcia
Megalodon (film)	director	Pat Corbitt
Son of Stimpy	director	John Kricfalusi
Son of Fury: The Story of Benjamin Blake	director	John Cromwell (director)
Love at Stake	director	John Moffitt (director)
His Majesty, the American	director	Joseph Henabery
The Prince and Betty (film)	director	Robert Thornby
Obsessed (2009 film)	director	Steve Shill
The Deadlier Sex	director	Robert Thornby
Lawyer Man	director	William Dieterle
The Hope Diamond Mystery	director	Stuart Paton
Blondie Johnson	director	Ray Enright
Without Benefit of Clergy	director	James Young (director)
The Greeks Had a Word for Them	director	Lowell Sherman
Quarantine (film)	director	John Erick Dowdle
Millie (film)	director	John Francis Dillon (director)
Cheated Hearts (film)	director	Hobart Henley
The Man from Downing Street	director	Edward José
Olivia (film)	director	Jacqueline Audry
Havana Widows	director	Ray Enright
Shipbreakers	director	Michael Kot
I've Got Your Number	director	Ray Enright
Andata e ritorno	director	Daniele Segre
Rendu Jella Sita	director	Jandhyala Subramanya Sastry
Nosound: The World Is Outside  Nosound: The World is Outside   1	director	Nosound
Gulabi (film)	director	Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi
Eek, a Penis!	director	Trey Parker
I ragazzi di via Panisperna	director	Gianni Amelio
Subdivision (film)	director	Sue Brooks
Child Museum (Cairo)	director	Suzanne Mubarak
Very Blue Beard	director	Vladimir Samsonov (film director)
Archaeological Museum of Patras	director	Geologist
Colleen (1936 film)	director	Alfred E. Green
Hangmen, Women and Soldiers	director	Johannes Meyer
The Infidel (1922 film)	director	James Young (director)
The Altar Stairs	director	Lambert Hillyer
Star Runner	director	Daniel Lee (film director)
The Woman Conquers	director	Tom Forman
For Chastity	director	Osman Fahir Seden
Des Teufels General	director	Helmut Käutner
Did I Stutter?	director	Randall Einhorn
National Lampoon's Pucked	director	Arthur Hiller
Big City Blues (1932 film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Omar the Tentmaker (film)	director	James Young (director)
Isaac in America: A Journey with Isaac Bashevis Singer	director	Amram Nowak
The Prisoner (1923 film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Dark City (1990 film)	director	Chris Curling
Japan Japan	director	Lior Shamriz
The Most Distant Course	director	Lin Ching-chieh
Brave (2012 film)	director	Mark Andrews (filmmaker)
Brave (2012 film)	director	Brenda Chapman
Cars 2	director	John Lasseter
Cars 2	director	Brad Lewis
Youth Runs Wild	director	Mark Robson
Butch Patterson: Private Dick	director	Greg Lawrence
I Want a Divorce	director	Ralph Murphy (film director)
Three Girls About Town	director	Leigh Jason
Európa expressz	director	Horváth Csaba
College of International Education	director	Kenichi Ikeno
Blondie Goes to College	director	Frank R. Strayer
Forbidden Cargo (1925 film)	director	Tom Buckingham
The Prairie Wife	director	Hugo Ballin
Something to Shout About (film)	director	Gregory Ratoff
The African Lion	director	James Algar
Parwana (2003 film)	director	Deepak Bahry
Don't Touch the White Woman!	director	Marco Ferreri
Easy Virtue (2008 film)	director	Stephan Elliott
How Time Flys	director	David Ossman
How Time Flys	director	Steve Gillmor
The Joey Bishop Show (sitcom)	director	Mel Ferber
The Joey Bishop Show (sitcom)	director	Jerry Paris
Di Ba't Ikaw	director	Maryo J. delos Reyes
Dil Hai Betaab	director	K. C. Bokadia
Divya Shakti	director	Sameer Malkan
Ek Hi Raasta (1993 film)	director	Deepak Bahry
The Girls (1961 film)	director	Yuri Chulyukin
Edo Maajka – Sevdah o Rodama	director	Silvija Mirošničenka
Minor Adjustments	director	Stan Lathan
Minor Adjustments	director	Gary Halvorson
Minor Adjustments	director	Dinah Manoff
Presto (film)	director	Doug Sweetland
Suburban Legends: The Show	director	Jeremy Svenson
Aur Ek Prem Kahani	director	Balu Mahendra
Kung Mawawala Ka	director	Joel Lamangan
Dizzy Dishes	director	Dave Fleischer
I Do (1921 film)	director	Hal Roach
Lizzie (film)	director	Hugo Haas
The Seekers (1954 film)	director	Ken Annakin
This Could Be the Night (film)	director	Robert Wise
L'as des as	director	Gérard Oury
Hanggang Kailan	director	José Javier Reyes
Hanggang Kailan	director	Mark A. Reyes
Christmas Eve (film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
The Photographers' Gallery	director	Brett Rogers (photography curator)
Four Friends (film)	director	Arthur Penn
Predictions of Fire	director	Michael Benson (filmmaker)
The Reality of the Virtual	director	Ben Wright
Help Me Eros	director	Lee Kang-sheng
Let the Right One In (film)	director	Tomas Alfredson
Lady Robinhood	director	Ralph Ince
The Last Debate	director	John Badham
Cabin Fever (Lost)	director	Paul A. Edwards
Show Boat (1951 film)	director	George Sidney
Peshavar Waltz	director	Timur Bekmambetov
Peshavar Waltz	director	Gennadi Kayumov
Sita Sings the Blues	director	Nina Paley
The Seventh Companion	director	Grigori Aronov
The Seventh Companion	director	Aleksei German
Sweeney! (1977 film)	director	David Wickes
There's No Place Like Home	director	Jack Bender
There's No Place Like Home	director	Stephen Williams (director)
The Jazz Singer (1959 film)	director	Ralph Nelson
Un rey en la Habana	director	Alexis Valdés
Big Mac (M*A*S*H)	director	Don Weis
Yawny Come Lately / Petition Impossible	director	Adam De Vries
Yawny Come Lately / Petition Impossible	director	Nathan Little
Kahit Kailan	director	Ruel Bayani
Never the Twain Shall Meet	director	Maurice Tourneur
Parisian Nights	director	Alfred Santell
Opening Doors	director	David Grossman
The Man in the Saddle	director	Lynn Reynolds
Job Fair (The Office)	director	Tucker Gates
Her Honor, the Governor	director	Chester Withey
The Bells (1926 film)	director	James Young (director)
Walking Tall Part 2	director	Earl Bellamy
Walking Tall: Final Chapter	director	Jack Starrett
Blackline: The Beirut Contract	director	Christian Johnston
Chair Model	director	Jeffrey Blitz
The Adversary (film)	director	Nicole Garcia
To Die in Jerusalem	director	Hilla Medalia
Bereft (film)	director	Tim Daly
Confessions of a Superhero	director	Matthew Ogens
Subway Hero	director	Don Scardino
Herb Alpert: Music for Your Eyes	director	Tom Neff
Forbidden (1932 film)	director	Frank Capra
Sweeney 2	director	Tom Clegg (director)
The Italian Job	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
Krishna (2006 film)	director	Aman Khan
The Golden Web	director	Walter Lang
The Eagle of the Sea	director	Frank Lloyd
Flaming Fury	director	James P. Hogan (director)
Valencia (film)	director	Dimitri Buchowetzki
The Ultimate Truth (film)	director	Nick Clark
The Ultimate Truth (film)	director	Tom Swanston
You're a Sweetheart	director	David Butler (director)
Mother Said	director	David Warren (director)
Fast and Furious	director	Busby Berkeley
Let It Rain (film)	director	Edward F. Cline
Emanuelle Escapes from Hell	director	Bruno Mattei
The Meddlin' Stranger	director	Richard Thorpe
The Phantom Buster	director	William Bertram
Soft Cushions	director	Edward F. Cline
Sword for Hire	director	Hiroshi Inagaki
The Love Mart	director	George Fitzmaurice
Sharp Shooters	director	John G. Blystone
The Lone Journey	director	Hiroshi Inagaki
A Little Thing Called Murder	director	Richard Benjamin
Cool School Camp	director	Faruk Aksoy
Alive (2006 film)	director	Aleksandr Veledinsky
Over Logging	director	Trey Parker
Cross My Heart (film)	director	Armyan Bernstein
Agnes of God (film)	director	Norman Jewison
Bullet to Beijing	director	George Mihalka
Darmiyaan: In Between	director	Kalpana Lajmi
The Gay Cavalier (film)	director	William Nigh
Burning the Wind	director	Herbert Blaché
Burning the Wind	director	Henry MacRae
April in Portugal (film)	director	Euan Lloyd
The Devil's Chaplain	director	Duke Worne
Martian Child	director	Menno Meyjes
Khrustalyov, My Car!	director	Aleksei German
The End of Man	director	José Mojica Marins
Where Do We Go from Here? (film)	director	Gregory Ratoff
The Tenth Level	director	Charles S. Dubin
Ako si Kim Samsoon	director	Dominic Zapata
Ako si Kim Samsoon	director	Khryss Adalia
Ako si Kim Samsoon	director	Louie Ignacio
She's Out of My League	director	Jim Field Smith
Dick Ho: Asian Male Porn Star	director	Jeffrey Lei
Paromitar Ek Din	director	Aparna Sen
Izzatdaar	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
The Space Movie	director	Tony Palmer
Max Manus (film)	director	Joachim Rønning
Max Manus (film)	director	Espen Sandberg
Two Sisters (1929 film)	director	Scott Pembroke
Anne Against the World	director	Duke Worne
The Phantom of the North	director	Harry S. Webb
Kung Fu Tootsie	director	Jaturong Mokjok
Red Line (1996 film)	director	John M. Sjogren
Behind That Curtain (film)	director	Irving Cummings
The Return (1980 film)	director	Greydon Clark
Comme elle respire	director	Pierre Salvadori
A+ Pollux	director	Luc Pagès
Best of Times	director	Don Mischer
Touch and Go (1986 film)	director	Robert Mandel
Basant Bahar (film)	director	Raja Nawathe
Virtuality (TV series)	director	Peter Berg
The Paper (TV series)	director	Dave Sirulnick
The Great Lover (1949 film)	director	Alexander Hall
The Escapist (2008 film)	director	Rupert Wyatt
Motherland (film)	director	Owen 'Alik Shahadah
Radio Inside	director	Jeffrey Jackson Bell
Inferno (1999 film)	director	John G. Avildsen
The Gamblers (2007 film)	director	Sebastian Bieniek
Mahabharat (2008 TV series)	director	Chandraprakash Dwivedi
Siyama	director	Preecha Songsakul
The Last Airbender	director	M. Night Shyamalan
Jamai Shashthi	director	Amar Choudhury
Video Clip (2007 film)	director	Pakphum Wonjinda
Smouldering Fires (film)	director	Clarence Brown
Smouldering Fires (film)	director	Charles Dorian
The Unholy Night	director	Lionel Barrymore
Ghost-Cat of Gojusan-Tsugi	director	Bin Kado
Handle Me With Care	director	Kongdej Jaturanrasamee
A.V. (film)	director	Pang Ho-cheung
Kallang Roar the Movie	director	Cheng Ding An
Sport Goofy in Soccermania	director	Matt O'Callaghan
Sport Goofy in Soccermania	director	Darrell Van Citters
Bach's Fight for Freedom	director	Stuart Gillard
Roggue Doggz	director	Samuel Gordon
Mujhe Meri Biwi Se Bachaao	director	Harry Baweja
BattleGround: 21 Days on the Empire's Edge	director	Stephen Marshall (activist)
Crossplot (film)	director	Alvin Rakoff
The Adams Chronicles	director	Paul Bogart
The Adams Chronicles	director	James Cellan Jones
The Adams Chronicles	director	William St. John Glenn
The Adams Chronicles	director	Fred Coe
Hollywood Chinese	director	Arthur Dong
Bent (film)	director	Sean Mathias
Four of a Kind	director	Fiona Cochrane
Urduja (film)	director	Mike Tuviera
Urduja (film)	director	Antonio Tuviera
Her Highness and the Bellboy	director	Richard Thorpe
Endgame (2009 film)	director	Pete Travis
Flag Wars	director	Linda Goode Bryant
Ankhon Mein Tum Ho	director	Ashim Samanta
A Closer Walk	director	Robert Bilheimer
Dark Side Romance	director	Prachya Pinkaew
The Take (2008 film)	director	Brad Furman
Where's Marlowe?	director	Daniel Pyne
Father Is a Bachelor	director	Abby Berlin
Father Is a Bachelor	director	Norman Foster (director)
My Manhood	director	Michael McDonald (comedian)
The Last Dinosaur	director	Alex Grasshoff
Images in a Convent	director	Joe D'Amato
Satya Harishchandra (1965 film)	director	Hunsur Krishnamurthy
Dayere Zangi	director	Parisa Bakhtavar
Country Music: The Spirit of America	director	Steven Goldmann
Country Music: The Spirit of America	director	Tom Neff
Three Women (1924 film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Caravan (1946 film)	director	Arthur Crabtree
On Trial	director	Archie Mayo
The Men in Her Life	director	Gregory Ratoff
The City That Never Sleeps (film)	director	James Cruze
The Nest (1927 film)	director	William Nigh
Music Is Magic	director	George Marshall (director)
The Big 4-0	director	Rick Pendleton
The Big 4-0	director	Brian Smith
The Bad One	director	George Fitzmaurice
The Sea Bat	director	Lionel Barrymore
The Sea Bat	director	Wesley Ruggles
Pound (film)	director	Robert Downey, Sr.
Wallander (British TV series)	director	Philip Martin (director)
Wallander (British TV series)	director	Niall MacCormick
The Utah Kid (1930 film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Stripped (tour)	director	Sarah Townsend
Glago's Guest	director	Chris Williams (director)
Week-End in Havana	director	Walter Lang
The Thing Below	director	Jim Wynorski
Cracked Nuts	director	Edward F. Cline
Little Old New York	director	Henry King (director)
She Learned About Sailors	director	George Marshall (director)
365 Nights in Hollywood	director	George Marshall (director)
Mexican Bus Ride	director	Luis Buñuel
Young Donovan's Kid	director	Fred Niblo
El Bruto	director	Luis Buñuel
Amelia (film)	director	Mira Nair
Mother and Child Reunion (Degrassi: The Next Generation)	director	Bruce McDonald (film director)
American Mormon	director	Jed Knudsen
Bloodmoon (film)	director	Tony Leung Siu Hung
Beyond the Limits (film)	director	Olaf Ittenbach
Gran Torino	director	Clint Eastwood
The Public Defender	director	J. Walter Ruben
Brothers Under the Skin	director	E. Mason Hopper
I Like Your Nerve	director	William C. McGann
Marilena from P7	director	Cristian Nemescu
Graft (1931 film)	director	Christy Cabanne
Lost and Found on a South Sea Island	director	Raoul Walsh
Rosario (film)	director	Miguel Zacarías
Savage Guns (1961 film)	director	Michael Carreras
Three Weeks (film)	director	Alan Crosland
True As Steel	director	Rupert Hughes
Picture This (film)	director	Stephen Herek
DNA (film)	director	William Mesa
The Yellow Ticket	director	Raoul Walsh
The Guilty Generation	director	Rowland V. Lee
Alive from the Apocalypse	director	Doug Spangenberg
Thun Man Handiya	director	Mahagama Sekera
The Book of Stars	director	Michael Miner
Nailed (film)	director	David O. Russell
On the Avenue	director	Roy Del Ruth
My Princess	director	Zach Braff
Super Fun Time	director	Trey Parker
The Incident (1990 film)	director	Joseph Sargent
A Thousand Days on Earth	director	Kenneth Fink
La vie promise	director	Olivier Dahan
Gunfighters of Casa Grande	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
San Diego Museum of Man	director	Mari Lyn Salvador
Despair (film)	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Kaash	director	Mahesh Bhatt
The Liberation of L.B. Jones	director	William Wyler
Zombie! vs. Mardi Gras	director	Mike Lyddon
Zombie! vs. Mardi Gras	director	Will Frank
Zombie! vs. Mardi Gras	director	Karl DeMolay
Tonight or Never	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Behind the Mask (1932 film)	director	John Francis Dillon (director)
Princess (2008 film)	director	Mark Rosman
Kahkashan	director	Jalal Agha
Crüe Fest	director	P. R. Brown
Artemis Eternal	director	Jessica Mae Stover
The Shape of Things to Come (The O.C.)	director	Doug Liman
War of the Birds	director	Jannik Hastrup
Greaser's Palace	director	Robert Downey, Sr.
Waar Parriwar	director	Rajeev Arora, Dr. Abhishek Dwivedi, Vibhore Ratna, Pankaj Purandare
Boat People (film)	director	Ann Hui
Rawhide (1938 film)	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Paradise for Three	director	Edward Buzzell
Suez (film)	director	Allan Dwan
Julie & Julia	director	Nora Ephron
The Lost Empire (1983 film)	director	Jim Wynorski
A Thousand Years of Good Prayers	director	Wayne Wang
Expired	director	Cecilia Miniucchi
Business and Pleasure	director	David Butler (director)
On the Job Training	director	Geff Zamor
The Rotten Fruit	director	Eli Roth
Times and Winds	director	Reha Erdem
Chowdaheads	director	Eli Roth
Balalayka (film)	director	Ali Özgentürk
The Simple-Minded Murder	director	Hans Alfredson
Offside (2000 film)	director	Serdar Akar
Beans (film)	director	Bora Tekay
The Raindrop	director	Zeki Ökten
Kahpe Bizans	director	Gani Müjde
Illusion (film)	director	Michael A. Goorjian
Red Grooms: Sunflower in a Hothouse	director	Tom Neff
Courage of Lassie	director	Fred M. Wilcox
I Come with the Rain	director	Tran Anh Hung
Bana Şans Dile	director	Çağan Irmak
Codename: Asero	director	Mark A. Reyes
Codename: Asero	director	Mike Tuviera
The Belly Dancer	director	Savaş Ay
Elephants and Grass	director	Derviş Zaim
Hemşo	director	Ömer Uğur
Herkes Kendi Evinde	director	Semih Kaplanoğlu
Tales from the Crapper	director	Gabriel Friedman
Tales from the Crapper	director	Chad Ferrin
Tales from the Crapper	director	Lloyd Kaufman
Summer Love (2001 film)	director	Barış Pirhasan
Somersault in a Coffin	director	Derviş Zaim
The Waterfall	director	Semir Aslanyürek
5th Ave Girl	director	Gregory La Cava
Fate (2001 film)	director	Zeki Demirkubuz
Good Sam	director	Leo McCarey
When in Rome (2010 film)	director	Mark Steven Johnson
Earth Trek	director	Rich Oliphant
Dinosaurs Alive!	director	Brett Leonard
A Royal Scandal (film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
A Royal Scandal (film)	director	Otto Preminger
Ways to Strength and Beauty	director	Nicholas Kaufmann
Ways to Strength and Beauty	director	Wilhelm Prager
Hormones (2008 film)	director	Songyos Sugmakanan
Once Upon a Time (1994 film)	director	Bhandit Rittakol
Chances: The Women of Magdalene	director	Tom Neff
Beautiful Wonderful Perfect	director	Poj Arnon
One Night in Eden	director	David Mallet (director)
One Night in Eden	director	Frank Peterson
Land of College Prophets	director	Mike Aransky
The Miracle Man (1932 film)	director	Norman Z. McLeod
The Proposal (film)	director	Anne Fletcher
Passage (2008 film)	director	John Walker (Canadian filmmaker)
Mr. Garagasa	director	Dinesh Baboo
Book of Blood (2008 film)	director	John Harrison (filmmaker)
My Dumb Luck	director	Rick Blue
Celia (TV series)	director	José Luis Borau
My Waste of Time	director	Chris Koch
Welikathara	director	D. B. Nihalsinghe
The Woman I Love	director	Anatole Litvak
The Borgia Stick	director	David Lowell Rich
Accident (2008 film)	director	Ramesh Aravind
Argai: The Prophecy	director	Jean-César Suchorski
Cuba (film)	director	Richard Lester
Race to Witch Mountain	director	Andy Fickman
Confessions of a Shopaholic (film)	director	P. J. Hogan
Goodbye, Toby	director	Paul Feig
Tarzan Triumphs	director	Wilhelm Thiele
Betty's Baby Bump	director	Linda Mendoza
Without a Trace (film)	director	Stanley R. Jaffe
Bunraku (film)	director	Guy Moshe
Frank and Ollie	director	Theodore Thomas (filmmaker)
Sabapathy (1941 film)	director	Avichi Meiyappa Chettiar
Sabapathy (1941 film)	director	Sabapathy (1941 film)
Focus (film)	director	Neal Slavin
Arjun (1985 film)	director	Rahul Rawail
The Unholy	director	Camilo Vila
Into the Fire (1988 film)	director	Graeme Campbell (director)
The Road Less Traveled (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Rymer
The Gaiety Girl (film)	director	King Baggot
The Midnight Express (film)	director	George W. Hill
Drops Out	director	Jeffrey Hunt
Circe, the Enchantress	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Whore (2008 film)	director	Thomas Dekker (actor)
So This Is Marriage?	director	Hobart Henley
The Invisibles (TV series)	director	Will Sinclair
The Invisibles (TV series)	director	Metin Hüseyin
The Windows of Heaven (film)	director	Wetzel Whitaker
1968 Tunnel Rats	director	Uwe Boll
Silk (2006 film)	director	Su Chao-Bin
Time of the Wolf (2002 film)	director	Rod Pridy
The World Changes	director	Mervyn LeRoy
University of North Florida Jazz Department	director	Bunky Green
Sweet Rosie O'Grady	director	Irving Cummings
Spy Chasers	director	Edward Bernds
Don't Look Down (film)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
L for Love L for Lies	director	Patrick Kong
Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married    1	director	Brian Grant (director)
West of Shanghai	director	John Farrow
The Exquisite Cadaver	director	Vicente Aranda
In the City of Sylvia	director	José Luis Guerín
Do Not Disturb (1999 film)	director	Dick Maas
The Invisible Menace	director	John Farrow
The Restless Sex	director	Leon D'Usseau
The Restless Sex	director	Robert Z. Leonard
All the Way Home (film)	director	Alex Segal
Mr. Wong, Detective	director	William Nigh
Succession (30 Rock)	director	Gail Mancuso
Life Begins (film)	director	James Flood
Life Begins (film)	director	Elliott Nugent
Devil's Island (1939 film)	director	William Clemens (film director)
Sozin's Comet: The Final Battle	director	Ethan Spaulding
Sozin's Comet: The Final Battle	director	Giancarlo Volpe
Sozin's Comet: The Final Battle	director	Joaquim Dos Santos
The Glory Guys	director	Arnold Laven
The Evil That Men Do (film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
Louise Dahl-Wolfe: Painting with Light	director	Tom Neff
La Roue	director	Abel Gance
Thank You, Mr. Moto (film)	director	Norman Foster (director)
The Vintner's Luck (film)	director	Niki Caro
Imaginary Playmate (film)	director	Christine Gallagher
The Sign on the Door	director	Herbert Brenon
The Mating of Millie	director	Henry Levin
The Handler (TV series)	director	Rob Bailey (director)
The Handler (TV series)	director	Jeremy Kagan
Favorite Deadly Sins	director	David Jablin
Favorite Deadly Sins	director	Denis Leary
The Mystery of Mr. Wong	director	William Nigh
Naya Roop Nayi Zindagi	director	Bimal Unnikrishnan
Sight (2008 film)	director	Adam Ahlbrandt
D@bbe	director	Hasan Karacadag
Hong Kong Bronx	director	Billy Chung
Battle for Terra	director	Aristomenis Tsirbas
Kaalpurush	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Samayer Kache	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Dholer Raja Khirode Natta	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Dooratwa	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Neem Annapurna	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Grihajuddha	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Andhi Gali	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Contemporary Indian Sculpture	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Ami, Yasin Ar Amar Madhubala	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Mondo Meyer Upakhyan	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Swapner Din	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Charachar	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Bagh Bahadur	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Phera	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Lal Darja	director	Buddhadeb Dasgupta
Triage (film)	director	Danis Tanović
Shriek of the Mutilated	director	Michael Findlay
The Diamond Fleece	director	Al Waxman
Akaler Shandhaney	director	Mrinal Sen
No More Mr. Nice Guy (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
Mr. Wong in Chinatown	director	William Nigh
Wilson's Heart	director	Katie Jacobs
Living the Dream (House)	director	David Straiton
House's Head	director	Greg Yaitanes
Action Tae Kwon Do	director	Yang Man Yi
The Admarid Girl	director	Li Han-hsiang
Battles With The Red Boy	director	Wu Chia Chun
The Big Fight	director	Sung Ting Mei
The Black Enforcer	director	Ho Meng Hua
Blind Boxer	director	Cheung Sam
The Kids Are Alright (Ugly Betty)	director	Wendey Stanzler
The Bride from Hell	director	Chow Yuk Kong
Bronze Head And Steel Arm	director	Gam Sing Yan
The Brutal Boxer	director	Guan Shan
Black List (film)	director	John Law
The Champion Of Champions	director	Lee Ga
Changing Love	director	Faan Daan
Chaochow Guy	director	Tian Han
Cheating Panorama	director	Li Han-hsiang
Chow Ken	director	Ding Sin Saai
Crimes Are To Be Paid	director	Chow Yuk Kong
Crush (1972 film)	director	Tu Guangqi
Sandcastles in the Sand	director	Pamela Fryman
The Casino (film)	director	Cheung Chang Chak
Utsab	director	Rituparno Ghosh
The Dark Alley	director	Ng Woon
The Death Duel	director	Chiang Ping Han
Delightful Forest	director	Chang Cheh
The Devil's Mirror	director	Sun Chung
The Escape (1972 film)	director	Peter Yang
The Escape (1972 film)	director	Florence Yu Fung Chi
Ferocious Brothers	director	Chui Daai Gwan
Finger of Doom	director	Pao Hsueh Li
Fingers That Kill	director	Hui Kwok
The Chain of Screaming	director	Pamela Fryman
The Fists of Vengeance	director	Cheung Yat Woo
Ten Sessions	director	Pamela Fryman
Four Girls From Hong Kong	director	Lee Sun Fubg
Flower In The Rain	director	Gam Chue Yung
Four Riders	director	Chang Cheh
Flippin' Burgers	director	Rhode Montijo
Doomsday Machine (1972 film)	director	Harry Hope
Doomsday Machine (1972 film)	director	Lee Sholem
National Lampoon's Van Wilder: The Rise of Taj	director	Mort Nathan
The Fugitive (1972 film)	director	Cheung Chang Chak
Furious Slaughter	director	Ding Sin Saai
The Ghostly Face	director	Yeung Sai Hing
The Human Goddess	director	Ho Meng Hua
Legends Of Lust	director	Li Han-hsiang
Forever and Ever (1977 film)	director	John Law (film director)
Lion's Heart	director	Ding Sin Saai
Intimate Confessions of a Chinese Courtesan	director	Chor Yuen
Man of Iron (1972 film)	director	Chang Cheh
I cadetti di Guascogna	director	Mario Mattoli
Canzone di primavera	director	Mario Costa
Spoiler Alert (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Canzoni per le strade	director	Mario Landi
I Condottieri, Giovanni delle bande nere	director	Luis Trenker
Cavalcata d'eroi	director	Mario Landi
Il Cielo è rosso	director	Claudio Gora
Being Erica	director	Holly Dale
Angelo tra la folla	director	Leonardo de Mitri
Il Conte di Sant'Elmo	director	Guido Brignone
Il Diavolo in convento	director	Nunzio Malasomma
Hearts at Sea (film)	director	Giorgio Bianchi
Donne senza nome	director	Géza von Radványi
Sunday in August	director	Luciano Emmer
Due mogli sono troppe	director	Mario Camerini
Donne e briganti	director	Mario Soldati
Faddija – La legge della vendetta	director	Roberto Bianchi Montero
Due sorelle amano	director	Jacopo Comin
Gli Inesorabili	director	Camillo Mastrocinque
La Funivia del faloria	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Kings and Queen	director	Arnaud Desplechin
Mad About Music	director	Norman Taurog
Full Metal Village	director	Sung-Hyung Cho
Post Grad	director	Vicky Jenson
L'Insoumis	director	Alain Cavalier
My Father's Glory (film)	director	Yves Robert
My Mother's Castle (film)	director	Yves Robert
The Experts (1989 film)	director	Dave Thomas (actor)
University of Florida Alumni Association	director	Katie Marquis
Varudu	director	Gunasekhar
Dangerous Moonlight	director	Brian Desmond Hurst
Cavalleria rusticana (1953 film)	director	Carmine Gallone
Bikini Bloodbath	director	Thomas Edward Seymour
Loose Women (film)	director	Paul F. Bernard
The Man with Nine Lives (film)	director	Nick Grinde
Get Back (film)	director	Richard Lester
Regular Lovers (film)	director	Philippe Garrel
You Can't Have Everything	director	Norman Taurog
Leading to War	director	Barry J. Hershey
Nothing Like the Holidays	director	Alfredo De Villa
Crude Oil (film)	director	Wang Bing (director)
Prison-A-Go-Go!	director	Barak Epstein
Ill wind	director	Stéphane Allagnon
Muthirai	director	Srinath (actor)
Guru En Aalu	director	Selva (director)
Anniversary Present (film)	director	Doug Karr
The Unnatural (The X-Files)	director	David Duchovny
You'll Find Out	director	David Butler (director)
The Devil Commands	director	Edward Dmytryk
The Straitjacket Lottery	director	Doug Karr
The Inbetweeners	director	Gordon Anderson (director)
The Inbetweeners	director	Ben Palmer
The Inbetweeners	director	Damon Beesley
The Inbetweeners	director	Iain Morris
Shubho Mahurat	director	Rituparno Ghosh
Dahan (film)	director	Rituparno Ghosh
La Luna: Live in Concert	director	Bruce Gowers
La Luna: Live in Concert	director	Frank Peterson
Paroma	director	Aparna Sen
The Theory of Everything (CSI)	director	Chris Leitch
The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner (film)	director	Tony Richardson
Ten for Grandpa	director	Doug Karr
Dog Eat Dog (2007 film)	director	Carlos Moreno
Ecumenical Christian Centre	director	The Reverend
Khan!	director	Bill Derwin
Khan!	director	Ivan Dixon
Ek Din Pratidin	director	Mrinal Sen
Thyagabhoomi (1939 film)	director	K. Subramaniam
Lifecycles: A Story of AIDS in Malawi	director	Sierra Bellows
Lifecycles: A Story of AIDS in Malawi	director	Doug Karr
LSD 25 (film)	director	Walter Forsyth
LSD 25 (film)	director	Doug Karr
Wake Up and Live	director	Sidney Lanfield
Ultraman Story	director	Kōichi Takano
Love Is Not All Around	director	Patrick Kong
Roman de Gare	director	Claude Lelouch
Alamo Bay	director	Louis Malle
Fengming, a Chinese Memoir	director	Wang Bing (director)
Kaidan Shin Mimibukuro: Yirei Manshon	director	Akio Yoshida
Hello, I'm Your Aunt!	director	Viktor Titov
Homecoming (2009 film)	director	Morgan J. Freeman
Cosy Dens	director	Jan Hřebejk
Jaggubhai	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Piece of My Heart (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Mark Tinker
The Lucky Transfer	director	Tod Browning
The Slave Girl	director	Tod Browning
An Image of the Past	director	Tod Browning
The Highbinders	director	Tod Browning
Francis Goes to the Races	director	Arthur Lubin
The Story of a Story	director	Tod Browning
Francis Goes to West Point	director	Arthur Lubin
Francis Covers the Big Town	director	Arthur Lubin
Francis Joins the WACS	director	Arthur Lubin
Wild West Comedy Show: 30 Days & 30 Nights – Hollywood to the Heartland	director	Ari Sandel
A Pistol for Ringo	director	Duccio Tessari
Thaskara Veeran	director	Pramod Pappan
Lovely Day (TV series)	director	Tata Betita
The Spell of the Poppy	director	Tod Browning
Cléopâtre (1899 film)	director	Georges Méliès
The Electric Alarm	director	Tod Browning
The Living Death	director	Tod Browning
The Burned Hand	director	Tod Browning
Little Marie	director	Tod Browning
The Woman from Warren's	director	Tod Browning
Star Wars Gangsta Rap	director	Thomas Lee
The Fatal Glass of Beer (1916 film)	director	Tod Browning
Keoma (film)	director	Enzo G. Castellari
Everybody's Doing It	director	Tod Browning
Puppets (film)	director	Tod Browning
The Dennis O'Keefe Show	director	Don Weis
The Dennis O'Keefe Show	director	Abby Berlin
Chamku (film)	director	Kabeer Kaushik
Go, Man, Go!	director	James Wong Howe
Jim Bludso	director	Tod Browning
Jim Bludso	director	Wilfred Lucas
A Love Sublime	director	Tod Browning
A Love Sublime	director	Wilfred Lucas
Hands Up! (1917 film)	director	Tod Browning
Hands Up! (1917 film)	director	Wilfred Lucas
Peggy, the Will O' the Wisp	director	Tod Browning
The Jury of Fate	director	Tod Browning
Give Us This Day	director	Edward Dmytryk
The Legion of Death	director	Tod Browning
We Need to Talk about Kevin (film)	director	Lynne Ramsay
The Eyes of Mystery	director	Tod Browning
L'Annulaire	director	Diane Bertrand
Revenge (1918 film)	director	Tod Browning
Which Woman?	director	Tod Browning
Which Woman?	director	Harry A. Pollard
Playing with Death	director	Hamid Tamjidi
¡Que viva México!	director	Sergei Eisenstein
Stalags (film)	director	Ari Libsker
Three Men on a Horse (film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
The Deciding Kiss	director	Tod Browning
The Brazen Beauty	director	Tod Browning
Set Free (film)	director	Tod Browning
The Wicked Darling	director	Tod Browning
The Strip (Australian TV series)	director	Shawn Seet
The Strip (Australian TV series)	director	Ken Cameron
The Strip (Australian TV series)	director	Ian Barry (director)
The Strip (Australian TV series)	director	Garth Maxwell
The Exquisite Thief	director	Tod Browning
The Unpainted Woman	director	Tod Browning
The Petal on the Current	director	Tod Browning
Bonnie Bonnie Lassie	director	Tod Browning
The Virgin of Stamboul	director	Tod Browning
Outside the Law (1920 film)	director	Tod Browning
The Favor (2006 film)	director	Eva Aridjis
Riders to the Stars	director	Richard Carlson
Riders to the Stars	director	Herbert L. Strock
No Woman Knows	director	Tod Browning
The Wise Kid	director	Tod Browning
Man Under Cover	director	Tod Browning
Out of the Past (Moonlight)	director	Fred Toye
Under Two Flags (1922 film)	director	Tod Browning
Last Ghost Standing	director	Billy Chung
Chelsea Walls	director	Ethan Hawke
Intimate Strangers	director	Patrice Leconte
Page Miss Glory (1935 film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
The Case of the Curious Bride	director	Michael Curtiz
The Case of the Lucky Legs	director	Archie Mayo
Night Caller from Outer Space	director	John Gilling
Manassinakkare	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Planet Hulk (film)	director	Sam Liu
The Pirates of Penzance (1983 film)	director	Wilford Leach
Cornman: American Vegetable Hero	director	Barak Epstein
New York, I Love You	director	Jiang Wen
New York, I Love You	director	Mira Nair
New York, I Love You	director	Shunji Iwai
New York, I Love You	director	Yvan Attal
New York, I Love You	director	Brett Ratner
New York, I Love You	director	Hughes brothers
New York, I Love You	director	Shekhar Kapur
New York, I Love You	director	Natalie Portman
New York, I Love You	director	Fatih Akın
New York, I Love You	director	Joshua Marston
New York, I Love You	director	Randy Balsmeyer
Drifting (film)	director	Tod Browning
The Case of the Velvet Claws	director	William Clemens (film director)
The Day of Faith	director	Tod Browning
White Tiger (film)	director	Tod Browning
It Might Get Loud	director	Davis Guggenheim
Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol	director	Brad Bird
Stay As You Are	director	Alberto Lattuada
Bus Lane (2007 film)	director	Kittikorn Liasirikun
Blood on the Highway	director	Barak Epstein
Lego Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Brick	director	Peder Pedersen (director)
Yentl (film)	director	Barbra Streisand
Young@Heart (film)	director	Stephen Walker (filmmaker)
Green Porno	director	Jody Shapiro
Green Porno	director	Isabella Rossellini
Substitute (film)	director	Vikash Dhorasoo
Bride Wars	director	Gary Winick
Rappakal	director	Kamal (director)
An Awfully Big Adventure	director	Mike Newell (director)
The Dangerous Flirt	director	Tod Browning
Silk Stocking Sal	director	Tod Browning
The Mystic	director	Tod Browning
Dollar Down	director	Tod Browning
Extreme Justice (film)	director	Mark L. Lester
Second Time Around (film)	director	Jeffrey Lau
Two and a Half Deaths	director	Alec Smight
The Business of Being Born	director	Abby Epstein
Reverend Billy and the Church of Stop Shopping (documentary film)	director	Dietmar Post
Reverend Billy and the Church of Stop Shopping (documentary film)	director	Lucia Palacios
Art of the Devil	director	Tanit Jitnukul
Jonda Iman Gunda	director	Chandra Mudoi
Speaking in Strings	director	Paola di Florio
FAQs (film)	director	Everett Lewis
Refusenik (2008 film)	director	Laura Bialis
Bhagya Chakra	director	Nitin Bose
Dhoop Chhaon	director	Nitin Bose
Drishtidan	director	Nitin Bose
Nam Iruvar	director	Avichi Meiyappa Chettiar
Cannibals – Welcome to the Jungle	director	Jonathan Hensleigh
120 (film)	director	Murat Saraçoğlu
120 (film)	director	Özhan Eren
The Hanged Man (1964 film)	director	Don Siegel
S. Darko	director	Chris Fisher
Hannah and Her Brothers	director	Vladimír Adásek
Moonlight & Magic (film)	director	Timothy Spanos
Jenny and the Soldier	director	Johan Jacobsen
Oranges (film)	director	Joseph Merhi
Kaddu Beykat	director	Safi Faye
Songbird (TV series)	director	Louie Ignacio
The Ghost in the Swamp	director	Branko Ištvančić
The Blackbird	director	Tod Browning
The Road to Mandalay (film)	director	Tod Browning
The Show (1927 film)	director	Tod Browning
The Big City (1928 film)	director	Tod Browning
The Thirteenth Chair	director	Tod Browning
Outside the Law (1930 film)	director	Tod Browning
Three Delivery	director	Andy Coyle
Three Delivery	director	Tavis Silbernagel
Shool	director	E. Nivas
Nitrate Kisses	director	Barbara Hammer
Paying Guests	director	Paritosh Painter
A Perfect Getaway	director	David Twohy
The Great Man Votes	director	Garson Kanin
St. George Shoots the Dragon	director	Srđan Dragojević
RFK Must Die	director	Shane O'Sullivan (filmmaker)
Ripley Under Ground (film)	director	Roger Spottiswoode
Winner Takes All (2000 film)	director	Clifton Ko
Iron Man (1931 film)	director	Tod Browning
Knowhutimean? Hey Vern, It's My Family Album	director	John R. Cherry III
Miracles for Sale	director	Tod Browning
Evening of Roses	director	Ng See-yuen
Introduction to Life	director	Igor Talankin
Night of the Living Doo	director	Chris "Casper" Kelly (writer)
Night of the Living Doo	director	Jeffrey G. Olsen
So This Is Harris!	director	Mark Sandrich
Treed Murray	director	William Phillips
La Cucaracha (1934 film)	director	Lloyd Corrigan
Episode 5 (Silverwing)	director	Stephanie Louise Vallance
Bilitis (film)	director	David Hamilton (photographer)
Eldorado (2008 film)	director	Bouli Lanners
Next Stop Paradise	director	Jon Bang Carlsen
That's Me, Too	director	Lise Roos
Modiga Mindre Män	director	Leif Krantz
Devil's Alphabet (The Twilight Zone)	director	Ben Bolt, Texas
Grace Note (The Twilight Zone)	director	Peter Medak
The Story of Seabiscuit	director	David Butler (director)
Alien Invasion Arizona	director	Dustin Rikert
Dimples (film)	director	William A. Seiter
The Girl in a Swing (film)	director	Gordon Hessler
The Expert (1995 film)	director	Rick Avery
The Expert (1995 film)	director	William Lustig
Without Warning (1980 film)	director	Greydon Clark
Footsteps in the Dark (film)	director	Lloyd Bacon
Son of Maryam	director	Hamid Jebeli
Never Cry Werewolf	director	Brenton Spencer
Kørsel med Grønlandske Hunde	director	Peter Elfelt
Capital Execution	director	Peter Elfelt
Ankit, Pallavi & Friends	director	Hari Yelleti
Oro, Plata, Mata	director	Peque Gallaga
Ransom (1975 film)	director	Caspar Wrede
Café Paradis	director	Bodil Ipsen
Café Paradis	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Floundering	director	Peter McCarthy
Wings Over Everest	director	Geoffrey Barkas
Wings Over Everest	director	Ivor Montagu
Give Me Liberty (1936 film)	director	B. Reeves Eason
Det Sande Ansigt	director	Bodil Ipsen
Det Sande Ansigt	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Adam and Eve (1953 film)	director	Erik Balling
Feux rouges	director	Cédric Kahn
Ring Out Your Dead	director	Sarah Hellings
Night of the Running Man	director	Mark L. Lester
Dombivali Fast	director	Nishikant Kamat
Dust Be My Destiny	director	Lewis Seiler
Yesterday Girl	director	Alexander Kluge
Living Proof (film)	director	Dan Ireland
Bright Star (film)	director	Jane Campion
Praesten i Vejlby (1922 film)	director	August Blom
Vismayathumbathu	director	Fazil
Union Depot (film)	director	Alfred E. Green
The Public Pays	director	Errol Taggart
Penny Wisdom	director	David Miller (director)
The Private Life of the Gannets	director	Julian Huxley
Torture Money	director	Harold S. Bucquet
Swimmers (film)	director	Doug Sadler
The Bloody Exorcism of Coffin Joe	director	José Mojica Marins
Moonlight and Pretzels	director	Karl Freund
Perversion (film)	director	José Mojica Marins
The Romance of Rosy Ridge	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
Young Cassidy	director	Jack Cardiff
4bia	director	Yongyoot Thongkongtoon
4bia	director	Banjong Pisanthanakun
4bia	director	Parkpoom Wongpoom
4bia	director	Paween Purijitpanya
Noise (2007 U.S. film)	director	Henry Bean
Chato's Land	director	Michael Winner
Tara Road (film)	director	Gillies MacKinnon
Nuremberg: Nazis on Trial	director	Paul Bradshaw (television)
That Mothers Might Live	director	Fred Zinnemann
Kispus	director	Erik Balling
Hip Hip Hurray	director	Nupur Asthana
Pretty Smart	director	Dimitrius Joyette
Killing Hitler	director	Jeremy Lovering
Black Widow (2007 film)	director	Armand Mastroianni
The Strange Hostel of Naked Pleasures	director	Marcelo Ramos Motta
The Strange Hostel of Naked Pleasures	director	José Mojica Marins
China is Near	director	Marco Bellocchio
A Girl in Every Port (1928 film)	director	Howard Hawks
Holiday (2006 Indian film)	director	Pooja Bhatt
A Girl in Every Port (1952 film)	director	Chester Erskine
Sssshhh..?	director	Pawan Kaul
Dhokha	director	Pooja Bhatt
En Soap	director	Pernille Fischer Christensen
Mistress (1992 film)	director	Barry Primus
Monks: The Transatlantic Feedback	director	Dietmar Post
Monks: The Transatlantic Feedback	director	Lucia Palacios
Kakushi Toride no San-Akunin: The Last Princess	director	Shinji Higuchi
Waltz with Bashir	director	Ari Folman
Plain Clothes (1988 film)	director	Martha Coolidge
Hindi Pa Tapos Ang Labada Darling	director	Tony Y. Reyes
MadWorld	director	Shigenori Nishikawa
Chandralekha (1948 film)	director	S. S. Vasan
Day of the wacko	director	Marek Koterski
All-American Murder	director	Anson Williams
Go (2007 film)	director	Manish Shrivastava
Subject to Change: Artists for a Hate-Free America	director	Bill Clodfelter
Løvejagten	director	Viggo Larsen
The Last Furlong (RTE Programe)	director	Kieran Carney
The Last Furlong (RTE Programe)	director	Tom Hall (director)
Tawny Pipit (film)	director	Bernard Miles
Tawny Pipit (film)	director	Charles Saunders (director)
Pathram	director	Joshi (director)
Abby in Wonderland	director	Kevin Clash
Landscape in the Mist	director	Theodoros Angelopoulos
A Girl Fighter	director	Yeung Sai Hing
Il piccolo cerinaio	director	Augusto Genina
La moglie di sua eccellenza	director	Augusto Genina
Il segreto del castello di Monroe	director	Augusto Genina
La parola che uccide	director	Augusto Genina
Dopo il veglione	director	Augusto Genina
La fuga degli amanti	director	Augusto Genina
L'anello di Siva	director	Augusto Genina
Lulu (1914 film)	director	Augusto Genina
Gelosia (1915 film)	director	Augusto Genina
La farfalla dalle ali d'oro	director	Augusto Genina
La doppia ferita	director	Augusto Genina
Mezzanotte (1915 film)	director	Augusto Genina
Cento H.P.	director	Augusto Genina
L'ultimo travestimento	director	Augusto Genina
Il sopravvissuto	director	Augusto Genina
Il sogno di un giorno	director	Augusto Genina
Il dramma della corona	director	Augusto Genina
La conquista dei diamanti	director	Augusto Genina
Hunger (2008 film)	director	Steve McQueen (artist)
Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi	director	Aditya Chopra
Let It Be (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
Thanks for the Memories (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Michael Dinner
Much Too Much	director	Wendey Stanzler
Owner of a Lonely Heart (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Daniel Minahan
Cup Final (film)	director	Eran Riklis
Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Peter Horton
Begin the Begin (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Jessica Yu
Tell Me Sweet Little Lies (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Adam Davidson (director)
Break on Through (Grey's Anatomy)	director	David Paymer
It's the End of the World	director	Peter Horton
(As We Know It)	director	Peter Horton
Declaration of Independence (film)	director	Crane Wilbur
Yesterday (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Rob Corn
What Have I Done to Deserve This? (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Wendey Stanzler
Band-Aid Covers the Bullet Hole	director	Julie Anne Robinson
Superstition (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Tricia Brock (director)
The Name of the Game (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Seith Mann
Blues for Sister Someone	director	Jeff Melman
Damage Case	director	Tony Goldwyn
Sons of Liberty (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Sciencenter	director	Charles Trautmann
Hank and Mike	director	Matthiew Klinck
For Gedda	director	Kenneth Fink
Eagle Riders	director	Eric S.Rollman
Herova? Zerova?	director	V. Priya
Time Has Come Today (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Daniel Minahan
I Am a Tree	director	Jeff Melman
Sometimes a Fantasy (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Adam Arkin
What I Am (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Dan Lerner
The Organization (film)	director	Don Medford
Why Shoot the Teacher?	director	Silvio Narizzano
Haridas (1944 film)	director	Sundar Rao Nadkarni
Hannah Takes the Stairs	director	Joe Swanberg
Tyson (2008 film)	director	James Toback
Quicker'n a Wink	director	George Sidney
Teddy, the Rough Rider	director	Ray Enright
Hook Ya Crook	director	David Dhawan
Wild Blood (2008 film)	director	Marco Tullio Giordana
Of Pups and Puzzles	director	George Sidney
Guess What's Coming to Dinner?	director	Wayne Rose
Main Street on the March!	director	Edward L. Cahn
Speaking of Animals and Their Families	director	Jerry Fairbanks
Beyond the Line of Duty	director	Lewis Seiler
Conduct Unbecoming (film)	director	Michael Anderson (director)
Lucky Cisco Kid	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
On a Clear Day You Can See Forever (film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
A Self Made Hero	director	Jacques Audiard
Nekromantik 2	director	Jörg Buttgereit
Bi the Way	director	Brittany Blockman
Bi the Way	director	Josephine Decker
Fugitive Pieces (film)	director	Jeremy Podeswa
Oh, the Guilt (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Jeff Melman
Let the Angels Commit	director	Jessica Yu
Where the Boys Are (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Daniel Minahan
From a Whisper to a Scream	director	Julie Anne Robinson
Don't Stand So Close to Me (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Seith Mann
Biyudo Si Daddy, Biyuda Si Mommy	director	Tony Y. Reyes
Ligaya Ang Itawag Mo Sa Akin	director	Carlos Siguion-Reyna
The Son of Tarzan (film)	director	Arthur J. Flaven
The Son of Tarzan (film)	director	Harry Revier
Five (1951 film)	director	Arch Oboler
Deewane	director	Harry Baweja
Aamir (film)	director	Raj Kumar Gupta
Amphibious Fighters	director	Jack Eaton
Heavenly Music	director	Josef Berne
I Won't Play	director	Crane Wilbur
The Interns (TV series)	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
The Interns (TV series)	director	David Lowell Rich
Stairway to Light	director	Sammy Lee
Star in the Night	director	Don Siegel
A Boy and His Dog (1946 film)	director	LeRoy Prinz
The Mark of Cain (2000 film)	director	Alix Lambert
Pater Familias	director	John Gray (director)
1977 (film)	director	G.N.Dinesh Kumar
Moscowin Kavery	director	Ravi Varman
Newtonin Moondram Vidhi	director	Thai Muthuselvan
Goodbye, Miss Turlock	director	Edward L. Cahn
Climbing the Matterhorn	director	Irving Allen
Symphony of a City	director	Arne Sucksdorff
Seal Island (film)	director	James Algar
A Blueprint for Murder	director	Andrew L. Stone
Van Gogh (1948 film)	director	Alain Resnais
The Steel Trap	director	Andrew L. Stone
3 Américas	director	Cristina Kotz Cornejo
Young American Bodies	director	Joe Swanberg
Young American Bodies	director	Kris Williams (filmmaker)
Nancy Nancy (film)	director	Timothy Spanos
Reunion (2001 film)	director	Leif Tilden
Reunion (2001 film)	director	Mark Poppi
Island Heat: Stranded	director	Kern Konwiser
Cloven Hoofed	director	Dietmar Post
At the Death House Door	director	Steve James (producer)
At the Death House Door	director	Peter Gilbert
In Beaver Valley	director	James Algar
World of Kids	director	Robert Youngson
Nature's Half Acre	director	James Algar
Bowl of Oatmeal	director	Dietmar Post
Water Birds	director	Ben Sharpsteen
Bear Country (film)	director	James Algar
Surviving Desire	director	Hal Hartley
Shiva (2006 film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Harry, He's Here to Help	director	Dominik Moll
The Revenge of Tarzan	director	Harry Revier
The Revenge of Tarzan	director	George M. Merrick
Science Ninja Team Gatchaman: The Movie	director	Hisayuki Toriumi
The Adventures of Tarzan	director	Robert F. Hill
The Adventures of Tarzan	director	Scott Sidney
The Machine Girl	director	Noboru Iguchi
Meet Market (film)	director	Charlie Loventhal
Take Me Out to the Ball Game (film)	director	Busby Berkeley
Vaada Raha	director	Samir Karnik
Head Against the Wall	director	Georges Franju
A Time Out of War	director	Denis Sanders
Sugo	director	Dominic Zapata
Sugo	director	Lore Reyes
The Face of Lincoln	director	Edward Freed
The Bespoke Overcoat	director	Jack Clayton
Ninja Assassin	director	James McTeigue
L'aile ou la cuisse	director	Claude Zidi
The Uninvited (2008 film)	director	Bob Badway
A Colt Is My Passport	director	Takashi Nomura
Pain of Love	director	Nils Malmros
Tarzan and the Valley of Gold	director	Robert Day (director)
Blue Tiger (film)	director	Norberto Barba
Hole in the Wall (U.S. game show)	director	Ron de Moraes
Hole in the Wall (U.S. game show)	director	Rob George
The Holly and the Ivy (film)	director	George More O'Ferrall
Of Time and the City	director	Terence Davies
Knowing (film)	director	Alex Proyas
Grand Canyon (1958 film)	director	James Algar
The Golden Fish (film)	director	Edmond Séchan
Underworld (1996 film)	director	Roger Christian (filmmaker)
Elina: As If I Wasn't There	director	Klaus Härö
Visioneers	director	Jared Drake
Sweet Crude	director	Sandy Cioffi
Tarzan and the Great River	director	Robert Day (director)
Guns of the Timberland	director	Robert D. Webb
Colin Fitz Lives!	director	Robert Bella
The Diary of a Chambermaid (1946 film)	director	Jean Renoir
Breathing Room	director	Gabriel Cowan
Flower in the Gun Barrel	director	Gabriel Cowan
Jacques Brel Is Alive and Well and Living in Paris (film)	director	Denis Héroux
Day of the Painter	director	Robert P. Davis
Seawards the Great Ships	director	Hilary Harris
Heureux Anniversaire	director	Pierre Étaix
The Chicken (film)	director	Claude Berri
Wild Wings	director	Patrick Carey (cinematographer)
The Land Has Eyes	director	Vilsoni Hereniko
Antha Ezhu Naatkal	director	K. Bhagyaraj
Tarzan and the Jungle Boy	director	Robert Gordon (film director)
Catharine Clark Gallery	director	Catharine Clark
The Soviet Story	director	Edvīns Šnore
What Doesn't Kill You	director	Brian Goodman
Pirates of the Plain	director	John R. Cherry III
Never Let Go	director	John Guillermin
Ball Don't Lie	director	Brin Hill
Listen, Darling	director	Edwin L. Marin
Tom Brown's School Days (1940 film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World	director	Edgar Wright
Kadhal Azhivathillai	director	Vijaya T. Rajendar
It's My Life (film)	director	Anees Bazmee
Tutta la vita davanti	director	Paolo Virzì
Sooriya Arana	director	Somaratne Dissanayake
Non pensarci	director	Gianni Zanasi
Gomorrah (film)	director	Matteo Garrone
The Bastard (film)	director	Seijun Suzuki
Il Divo (film)	director	Paolo Sorrentino
An Education	director	Lone Scherfig
Student Seduction	director	Peter Svatek
One Dark Night	director	Tom McLoughlin
Duggan (TV series)	director	John Laing (director)
Duggan (TV series)	director	Yvonne Mackay
Home Free (TV series)	director	James Widdoes
Carmen from Kawachi	director	Seijun Suzuki
Get Smart (1995 TV series)	director	Nick Marck
I Want to Destroy America	director	Peter I. Chang
The Art of Crying	director	Peter Schønau Fog
Gaano Kadalas ang Minsan (TV series)	director	Gil Tejada Jr.
Sentinels of Silence	director	Robert Amram
One-Eyed Men Are Kings	director	Edmond Séchan
Angel and Big Joe	director	Bert Salzman
In the Region of Ice	director	Peter Werner
Donald Duck's 50th Birthday	director	Andrew Solt
Donald Duck's 50th Birthday	director	Phil Savenick
I'll Find a Way	director	Beverly Shaffer
Teenage Father	director	Taylor Hackford
Board and Care	director	Ron Ellis (filmmaker)
Detective Bureau 23: Go to Hell, Bastards!	director	Seijun Suzuki
The Dollar Bottom	director	Roger Christian (filmmaker)
China Cry	director	James F. Collier
The Viking Watch of the Danish Seaman	director	Bodil Ipsen
The Viking Watch of the Danish Seaman	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Stories of Bastards: Born Under a Bad Star	director	Seijun Suzuki
Honeysuckle Rose (film)	director	Jerry Schatzberg
Ten North Frederick (film)	director	Philip Dunne (writer)
Green Dolphin Street	director	Victor Saville
Victory Is Mine	director	Seijun Suzuki
Molly's Pilgrim	director	Jeffrey D. Brown
Voice Without a Shadow	director	Seijun Suzuki
Company Man (2000 film)	director	Peter Askin
Company Man (2000 film)	director	Douglas McGrath
Cat's Eye (1997 film)	director	Kaizo Hayashi
Tom Horn (film)	director	William Wiard
Broken Barriers	director	Reginald Barker
Mostly Ghostly: Who Let the Ghosts Out?	director	Rich Correll
Licensed to Kill (1997 film)	director	Arthur Dong
The Under-Pup	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Un chapeau de paille d'Italie (film)	director	René Clair
The Kikiki Kid	director	André de Toth
Evidence of Things Unseen (CSI: Miami)	director	Joe Chappelle
The Stalking Moon	director	Robert Mulligan
Ray's Male Heterosexual Dance Hall	director	Bryan Gordon
Work Experience (film)	director	James Hendrie
The Lunch Date	director	Adam Davidson (director)
Man Conquers Space	director	David Sander
Keeping Company	director	S. Sylvan Simon
Ada... A Way of Life	director	Tanvir Ahmad
The Black Candle	director	M. K. Asante
Omnibus (film)	director	Sam Karmann
Trevor (film)	director	Peggy Rajski
Lieberman in Love	director	Christine Lahti
Cut of Ice	director	Charles F. Haas
Henry Goes Arizona	director	Edwin L. Marin
Election Night (film)	director	Anders Thomas Jensen
Gold Rush Maisie	director	Edwin L. Marin
An Unforgettable Summer	director	Lucian Pintilie
Outside These Walls	director	Ray McCarey
Fixer Dugan	director	Lew Landers
Fatal Cruise	director	André de Toth
Quiero ser (I want to be ...)	director	Florian Gallenberger
The Accountant (2001 film)	director	Ray McKinnon (actor)
This Charming Man (film)	director	Martin Strange-Hansen
The Hobbit (2012 film)	director	Peter Jackson
Two Soldiers	director	Aaron Schneider
Cheerleader Massacre	director	Jim Wynorski
Nuvvu Nenu	director	Teja (film director)
Davis Rules	director	John Bowab
Davis Rules	director	Ellen Gittelsohn
Davis Rules	director	James Widdoes
Bombs over Burma	director	Joseph H. Lewis
Forest Friends	director	Bernard Le Gall
Lady from Chungking	director	William Nigh
The Red Lantern	director	Albert Capellani
Bits of Life	director	Marshall Neilan
Three Monkeys	director	Nuri Bilge Ceylan
Capone Cries a Lot	director	Seijun Suzuki
The Very Thought of You (film)	director	Delmer Daves
Hong Kong Passage	director	Charles F. Haas
Reign of Terror (film)	director	Anthony Mann
Artemisia (film)	director	Agnès Merlet
Disputed Passage	director	Frank Borzage
Hitler Lives	director	Don Siegel
A Chance to Live	director	James L. Shute
So Much for So Little	director	Chuck Jones
Dashavatar (film)	director	Bhavik Thakore
The Class (2008 film)	director	Laurent Cantet
L'ultimo treno della notte	director	Aldo Lado
Long Lost Father	director	Ernest B. Schoedsack
After Tonight	director	George Archainbaud
Benjy	director	Fred Zinnemann
Haal–e–dil	director	Anil Devgan
Thursday's Children	director	Lindsay Anderson
Men Against the Arctic	director	Winston Hibler
The True Story of the Civil War	director	Louis Clyde Stoumen
Giuseppina	director	James Hill (British director)
Sword of the Samurai (Hawaiian Eye)	director	Jesse Hibbs
Dawn of the World	director	Abbas Fahdel
Il siluramento dell'Oceania	director	Augusto Genina
Maschiaccio (1917 film)	director	Augusto Genina
La signorina Ciclone	director	Augusto Genina
Lucciola (1917 film)	director	Augusto Genina
Trigger Man (2007 film)	director	Ti West
Il trono e la seggiola	director	Augusto Genina
Il principe dell'impossibile	director	Augusto Genina
Dylan Thomas (film)	director	Jack Howells
Nine from Little Rock	director	Charles Guggenheim
To Be Alive!	director	Alexandr Hackenschmied
Everybody's Fine (2009 film)	director	Kirk Jones (director)
Interviews with My Lai Veterans	director	Joseph Strick
Kiss of Death (TV drama)	director	Paul Unwin (film director)
Apple Jack (film)	director	Mark Whiting
What the Romans Did for Us	director	Inge Samuels
What the Industrial Revolution Did for Us	director	Simon Baker (television)
The Lost World of Friese-Greene	director	Annabel Hobley
The Lost World of Tibet	director	Emma Hindley
Towering Ambitions: Dan Cruickshank at Ground Zero	director	Sam Hobkinson
Gagambino	director	Topel Lee
Gagambino	director	Don Michael Perez
Young Breasts	director	Seijun Suzuki
Man with a Shotgun	director	Seijun Suzuki
Three in the Attic	director	Richard Wilson (producer)
Prisoner Queen	director	Timothy Spanos
Lost in the Stars (film)	director	Daniel Mann
Venussian Tabutasco	director	Daryush Shokof
Rajdhani (film)	director	Naresh Saigal
Talashe Haq	director	Chimanlal Luhar
Princeton: A Search for Answers	director	Julian Krainin
Princeton: A Search for Answers	director	DeWitt Sage
Don't (film)	director	Robin Lehman
The End of the Game (film)	director	Robin Lehman
Number Our Days	director	Lynne Littman
Gravity Is My Enemy	director	John C. Joseph
Phir Teri Kahani Yaad Aayee	director	Mahesh Bhatt
The Entrance (film)	director	Damon Vignale
The Cross of Lorraine	director	Tay Garnett
Linha de Passe	director	Walter Salles
Linha de Passe	director	Daniela Thomas
Rhythm Heaven	director	Kazuyoshi Osawa
This Is the Life (2008 film)	director	Ava DuVernay
The Dukes (film)	director	Robert Davi
Tekken (2010 film)	director	Dwight H. Little
Me and My Brother (film)	director	Robert Frank
Cycle (film)	director	Johny Antony
The Reenactment	director	Lucian Pintilie
The Flight of the Gossamer Condor	director	Ben Shedd
Paul Robeson: Tribute to an Artist	director	Saul J. Turell
Karl Hess: Toward Liberty	director	Peter Ladue
Close Harmony (1981 film)	director	Nigel Noble
Flamenco at 5:15	director	Cynthia Scott
The Stone Carvers (film)	director	Marjorie Hunt
The Stone Carvers (film)	director	Paul Wagner (film director)
Witness to War: Dr. Charlie Clements	director	Deborah Shaffer
Women – for America, for the World	director	Vivienne Verdon-Roe
Macon County Line	director	Richard Compton
You Don't Have to Die	director	Malcolm Clarke (film director)
You Don't Have to Die	director	Bill Guttentag
The Johnstown Flood (1989 film)	director	Charles Guggenheim
Anatahan (film)	director	Josef von Sternberg
The Fall (2006 film)	director	Tarsem Singh
Flodder	director	Dick Maas
Sine Qua Non (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Rod Hardy
Vulgar Video	director	Pantera
Long Night in 1943	director	Florestano Vancini
Cowboys from Hell: The Videos	director	Pantera
The Abandoned (1955 film)	director	Francesco Maselli
Orphan (film)	director	Jaume Collet-Serra
Public Hero No. 1	director	J. Walter Ruben
Days of Wrath	director	Celia Fox
The Bottom of the Bottle	director	Henry Hathaway
Accidents to the Taxes!!	director	Mario Mattoli
Gli amanti di Ravello	director	Luigi Capuano
Confessions of an Opium Eater	director	Albert Zugsmith
1 (film)	director	Pater Sparrow
Appointment for Murder	director	Baccio Bandini
Dann eben mit Gewalt	director	Rainer Kaufmann
Hochwürden erbt das Paradies	director	Otto Retzer
SOKO 5113	director	Johannes Grieser
SOKO 5113	director	Stefan Klisch
Lauras Entscheidung	director	Uwe Janson
Wipeout (2008 U.S. game show)	director	J. Rupert Thompson
Shangri-La Plaza (TV pilot)	director	Nick Castle
The Princess in the Birdcage Kingdom	director	Itsuro Kawasaki
B.A.D. Cats	director	Bernard L. Kowalski
Working Girl (TV series)	director	Robert Berlinger
Working Girl (TV series)	director	Matthew Diamond
Driven to Kill	director	Jeff King
Deadly Deception: General Electric, Nuclear Weapons and Our Environment	director	Debra Chasnoff
Educating Peter	director	Gerardine Wurzburg
Defending Our Lives	director	Margaret Lazarus
Defending Our Lives	director	Renner Wunderlich
Breathing Lessons: The Life and Work of Mark O'Brien	director	Jessica Yu
The Personals (1998 American film)	director	Keiko Ibi
Mighty Times: The Children's March	director	Robert Houston
Men Suddenly in Black	director	Pang Ho-cheung
Bless the Child (2003 film)	director	Jones Ma Wah-Kon
The Butler's in Love	director	David Arquette
McDull, Prince de la Bun	director	Yuen Toe
Me and Orson Welles	director	Richard Linklater
Dilwale	director	Harry Baweja
Anonymously Yours	director	Gayle Ferraro
The Loud Mouth	director	Del Lord
Scratch-As-Catch-Can	director	Mark Sandrich
Stout Hearts and Willing Hands	director	Bryan Foy
Slave Widow	director	Mamoru Watanabe
30 Frames a Second: The WTO in Seattle 2000	director	Rustin Thompson
The Big Timer	director	Edward Buzzell
Let Me Tell Ya 'bout Black Chicks	director	Gregory Dark
All Creatures Great and Small (film)	director	Claude Whatham
All Creatures Great and Small (TV series)	director	Peter Grimwade
It Shouldn't Happen to a Vet (film)	director	Eric Till
Swing High	director	Jack Cummings (director)
Mister Mugg	director	James W. Horne
Midnight Mary	director	William A. Wellman
Scottsboro: An American Tragedy	director	Daniel Anker
Scottsboro: An American Tragedy	director	Barak Goodman
A Preferred List	director	Leigh Jason
Menu (film)	director	Nick Grinde
The Sea (1933 film)	director	Wanda Jakubowska
The Sea (1933 film)	director	Stanislaw Wohl
The Sea (1933 film)	director	Jerzy Zarzycki
What, No Men!	director	Ralph Staub
We Iraqis	director	Abbas Fahdel
Resisting Enemy Interrogation	director	Bernard Vorhaus
Saturday Night (2006 film)	director	Rashid Dogar
La Linea (film)	director	James Cotten
Back to Babylon (film)	director	Abbas Fahdel
On the Doll	director	Thomas Mignone
Search and Destroy (film)	director	David Salle
In Pursuit of Honor	director	Ken Olin
High-Ballin'	director	Peter Carter (director)
Imaginary Bitches	director	Andrew Miller (actor)
Party Wire	director	Erle C. Kenton
Rendezvous (1935 film)	director	William K. Howard
Rendezvous (1935 film)	director	Lawrence Weingarten
Rendezvous (1935 film)	director	Sam Wood
A Family Affair (film)	director	George B. Seitz
Una Kang Naging Akin	director	Joel Lamangan
Iranian Center for Translation Studies	director	Hussein Mollanazar
Strikes and Spares	director	Felix E. Feist
Oh, My Nerves	director	Del Lord
La Fiesta de Santa Barbara	director	Louis Lewyn
Moscow Moods	director	Fred Waller
Wanted – A Master	director	Arthur Ornitz
Double or Nothing (1936 film)	director	Joseph Henabery
Nuremberg (2000 film)	director	Yves Simoneau
Dummy Ache	director	Leslie Goodwins
The Man Without a Country (1937 film)	director	Crane Wilbur
Blind Date (2008 film)	director	Stanley Tucci
Pilot (The Big Bang Theory)	director	James Burrows
Romance of Radium	director	Jacques Tourneur
Deep Valley	director	Jean Negulesco
Deep South (film)	director	Leslie Goodwins
Should Wives Work?	director	Leslie Goodwins
The Great Heart	director	David Miller (director)
Scam (film)	director	John Flynn (director)
To Spring	director	William Hanna
Große Freiheit Nr. 7	director	Helmut Käutner
The Experiment (film)	director	Paul Scheuring
Starship Invasions	director	Ed Hunt (producer)
Nagareru	director	Mikio Naruse
Sin Senos no hay Paraíso	director	Miguel Varoni
Beauty for Sale	director	Richard Boleslavsky
The Million Ryo Pot	director	Sadao Yamanaka
The London Rock and Roll Show (film)	director	Peter Clifton
Space Command (TV series)	director	Murray Chercover
Disaster Movie	director	Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer
Disaster Movie	director	Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer
The Girl of the Golden West (1938 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Rhythm on the River	director	Victor Schertzinger
Swapnakoodu	director	Kamal (director)
Comic Book Villains	director	James Robinson (comics)
Bottle Shock	director	Randall Miller
Hitch-Hike (film)	director	Pasquale Festa Campanile
Bottoms Up (2006 film)	director	Erik MacArthur
Ramona (1916 film)	director	Donald Crisp
The Clouded Yellow	director	Ralph Thomas
The Longshots	director	Fred Durst
Ramona (1928 film)	director	Edwin Carewe
Ramona (1936 film)	director	Henry King (director)
Torch Song (1993 film)	director	Michael Miller
Kiss Toledo Goodbye	director	Lyndon Chubbuck
Merci la vie	director	Bertrand Blier
Purgatory (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
The Strip (US TV series)	director	Félix Enríquez Alcalá
The Strip (US TV series)	director	Greg Beeman
The Strip (US TV series)	director	D. J. Caruso
The Strip (US TV series)	director	Vern Gillum
The Strip (US TV series)	director	Peter Markle
Art Thief Musical!	director	Linus Lau
National Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology	director	University of the Philippines Los Baños
National Institute of Molecular Biology and Biotechnology	director	University of the Philippines Diliman
Anubhav	director	Basu Bhattacharya
School Days (film)	director	Chu Yen-ping
Tarzan and the Lost Safari	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Last Orgy of the Third Reich	director	Cesare Canevari
Don't Talk to Strangers	director	Robert Michael Lewis
Trópico de Sangre	director	Juan Delancer
Beyond the Clouds (1995 film)	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Beyond the Clouds (1995 film)	director	Wim Wenders
That's So Suite Life of Hannah Montana	director	Rich Correll
That's So Suite Life of Hannah Montana	director	Rich Correll
That's So Suite Life of Hannah Montana	director	Roger Christiansen
Voyage to Cythera	director	Theodoros Angelopoulos
For Ever Mozart	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Crazy on the Outside	director	Tim Allen
Tongzhi in Love	director	Ruby Yang
Otis (film)	director	Tony Krantz
The Dragon Painter	director	William Worthington (actor)
Born to Be Bad (1950 film)	director	Nicholas Ray
Pistols 'n' Petticoats	director	Lawrence Dobkin
Pistols 'n' Petticoats	director	Leslie Goodwins
Pistols 'n' Petticoats	director	Harry Harris (director)
Pistols 'n' Petticoats	director	Sidney Lanfield
Pistols 'n' Petticoats	director	Joseph Pevney
Pistols 'n' Petticoats	director	Alan Rafkin
Born to Be Bad (1934 film)	director	Lowell Sherman
Blondie (1968 TV series)	director	Norman Abbott
Blondie (1968 TV series)	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
Blondie (1968 TV series)	director	Bruce Bilson
Blondie (1968 TV series)	director	Gene Nelson
Sylvia (1985 film)	director	Michael Firth
Apa Kata Hati	director	Saw Teong Hin
Warning Sign (film)	director	Hal Barwood
The Last Confession of Alexander Pearce	director	Michael James Rowland
Badnaam (1966 film)	director	Iqbal Shehzad
Devilwood (short film)	director	Sacha Bennett
Tarzan and the Trappers	director	Charles F. Haas
Tarzan and the Trappers	director	Sandy Howard
Tarzan and the Trappers	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Dirty Laundry (film)	director	Maurice Jamal
Brooklyn's Finest	director	Antoine Fuqua
The Big Bird Cage	director	Jack Hill
The Happiness Cage	director	Bernard Girard
Mothlight	director	Stan Brakhage
A Very Special Love	director	Cathy Garcia Molina
Banana Club	director	Sin Chi-Wai
Shanghai (2010 film)	director	Mikael Håfström
Primrose Path (film)	director	Gregory La Cava
Turnabout (film)	director	Hal Roach
LaLola (Philippine TV series)	director	Dominic Zapata
LaLola (Philippine TV series)	director	Jun Lana
Deadline (1987 film)	director	Nathaniel Gutman
Five Dollars a Day	director	Nigel Cole
The Sacrifice (Fear Itself)	director	Breck Eisner
Divorce American Style	director	Bud Yorkin
Il merlo maschio	director	Pasquale Festa Campanile
Trouble with Sex	director	Fintan Connolly
Lovely But Deadly	director	David Sheldon
Trance (film)	director	Michael Almereyda
Barrier Reef (TV series)	director	Brian Faull
Barrier Reef (TV series)	director	Eric Fullilove
Cooter (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
Code Name: Emerald	director	Jonathan Sanger
Flower in the Pocket	director	Liew Seng Tat
Tarzan the Fearless	director	Robert F. Hill
Tarzan's Revenge	director	D. Ross Lederman
Cannes Man (film)	director	Richard Martini
The Magic Hour (film)	director	Kōki Mitani
Hulk Hogan's Celebrity Championship Wrestling	director	Brian Smith
On a volé la cuisse de Jupiter	director	Philippe de Broca
Taking Chances (film)	director	Talmage Cooley
Free (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Grossman
The Gun Song	director	Bethany Rooney
Get-Rich-Quick Wallingford (1916 film)	director	Fred Niblo
The Marriage Ring	director	Fred Niblo
When Do We Eat? (1918 film)	director	Fred Niblo
Qayamat – A Love Triangle In Afghanistan	director	Sangeeta
Tous les matins du monde (film)	director	Alain Corneau
I've Loved You So Long	director	Philippe Claudel
Malihini Holiday	director	Howard W. Koch
God's Little Acre (film)	director	Anthony Mann
Tarzan's Deadly Silence	director	Robert L. Friend
Fuss and Feathers	director	Fred Niblo
Happy Though Married	director	Fred Niblo
Partners Three	director	Fred Niblo
The Law of Men	director	Fred Niblo
The Haunted Bedroom	director	Fred Niblo
The Virtuous Thief	director	Fred Niblo
Stepping Out (1919 film)	director	Fred Niblo
What Every Woman Learns	director	Fred Niblo
Dangerous Hours	director	Fred Niblo
Bloedbroeders	director	Arno Dierickx
Cuidado con el ángel	director	Víctor Manuel Fouilloux
Cuidado con el ángel	director	Victor Rodriguez
My Winnipeg	director	Guy Maddin
The Woman in the Suitcase	director	Fred Niblo
Sex (film)	director	Fred Niblo
The False Road	director	Fred Niblo
Hairpins	director	Fred Niblo
Her Husband's Friend	director	Fred Niblo
Silk Hosiery	director	Fred Niblo
Abandoned (1949 film)	director	Joseph M. Newman
Birds of America (film)	director	Craig Lucas
Lakota Woman: Siege at Wounded Knee	director	Frank Pierson
Alice Upside Down	director	Sandy Tung
Tarzan's Fight for Life	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
The Hollowmen	director	Rob Sitch
I Love My Family	director	Ying Da
I Love My Family	director	Lin Cong
Mother o' Mine	director	Fred Niblo
Greater Than Love	director	Fred Niblo
The Woman He Married	director	Fred Niblo
Rose o' the Sea	director	Fred Niblo
The Famous Mrs. Fair	director	Fred Niblo
Strangers of the Night	director	Fred Niblo
Thy Name Is Woman	director	Fred Niblo
The Red Lily	director	Fred Niblo
Tarzan and the Amazons	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
Story of Kennedy Town	director	Wu Ma
Kamen Rider Kiva: King of the Castle in the Demon World	director	Ryuta Tasaki
'Til There Was You	director	Scott Winant
Circle of Iron	director	Richard Moore
Strays (film)	director	Vin Diesel
Thakshak	director	Govind Nihalani
Hotel for Dogs (film)	director	Thor Freudenthal
Contract (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jonathan Herron
An American Carol	director	David Zucker (filmmaker)
Ikiteiru koheiji	director	Nobuo Aoyagi
Dare (film)	director	Adam Salky
Ever Since Eve	director	Lloyd Bacon
Vampire Moth	director	Nobuo Nakagawa
Reach for the Stars (game show)	director	Gilbert Cates
The Nine Ages of Nakedness	director	Harrison Marks
The Darling of Paris	director	J. Gordon Edwards
Tarzan and the Huntress	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
The Ways of Fate	director	Wallace Reid
Suspense (1913 film)	director	Phillips Smalley
Suspense (1913 film)	director	Lois Weber
Shon the Piper	director	Otis Turner
Document of the Dead	director	Roy Frumkes
How to Be	director	Oliver Irving
Amman Kovil Kizhakale	director	R. Sundarrajan
Itsy Bitsy Spider (film)	director	Matthew O'Callaghan
Itsy Bitsy Spider (TV series)	director	Mike Mitchell (director)
Itsy Bitsy Spider (TV series)	director	Conrad Vernon
Itsy Bitsy Spider (TV series)	director	Stephen J. Anderson
The 13th Alley	director	Bobb Hopkins
The Broken (film)	director	Sean Ellis
Young America (1932 film)	director	Frank Borzage
The Shopaholics	director	Wai Ka-Fai
Sarvam	director	Vishnuvardhan (director)
The Man from Majorca	director	Bo Widerberg
Tainy Sledstviya	director	Ilya Makarov
Tout ça... pour ça !	director	Claude Lelouch
Martyrs (film)	director	Pascal Laugier
It Started with Eve	director	Henry Koster
I'd Rather Be Rich	director	Jack Smight
Molière (1978 film)	director	Ariane Mnouchkine
Poor Jake's Demise	director	Allen Curtis
The Sea Urchin (1913 film)	director	Edwin August
Romantic Daughters	director	Toshio Sugie
Code Red (TV series)	director	J. Lee Thompson
The Blood Red Tape of Charity	director	Edwin August
The Trap (1913 film)	director	Edwin August
On Wings of Love	director	Toshio Sugie
Farlig Ungdom	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
The Restless Spirit	director	Allan Dwan
Almost an Actress	director	Allen Curtis
An Elephant on His Hands	director	Al Christie
Box Elder (film)	director	Todd Sklar
Last Will and Testament (Third Watch)	director	Matt Earl Beesley
Open Your Eyes (2008 film)	director	Susan Cohen
Dil Kabaddi	director	Anil Sharma (Senior)
The President Is Coming	director	Kunaal Roy Kapur
Thazhvaram	director	Bharathan
Chinna Gounder	director	R. V. Udayakumar
The Sleeping Tiger	director	Joseph Losey
Female Agents	director	Jean-Paul Salomé
Crash (1984 TV series)	director	Carsten Overskov
The Best Damn Tour – Live in Toronto	director	Wayne Isham
Dustclouds	director	Filip Jan Rymsza
Orders to Kill	director	Anthony Asquith
Confessionsofa Ex-Doofus-ItchyFooted Mutha	director	Melvin Van Peebles
The Secret Life of the American Teenager	director	Ron Underwood
The Secret Life of the American Teenager	director	Anson Williams
The Secret Life of the American Teenager	director	Jason Priestley
The Secret Life of the American Teenager	director	John Schneider (television actor)
The Secret Life of the American Teenager	director	Keith Truesdell
Madagascar (2005 film)	director	Eric Darnell
Madagascar (2005 film)	director	Tom McGrath (animator)
The Ugly Truth (film)	director	Robert Luketic
Uphill All the Way	director	Frank Q. Dobbs
City of Men (film)	director	Paulo Morelli
Burn Up (TV miniseries)	director	Omar Madha
The Collector (1965 film)	director	William Wyler
Vellanakalude Nadu	director	Priyadarshan
Moonnam Mura	director	K. Madhu
Hunger (1966 film)	director	Henning Carlsen
I Love You Phillip Morris	director	Glenn Ficarra
I Love You Phillip Morris	director	John Requa
The Courtneys of Curzon Street	director	Herbert Wilcox
The Adventures of Young Van Helsing: The Quest for the Lost Scepter	director	Kevin Summerfield (filmmaker)
The Daedalus Variations	director	Andy Mikita
Klondike (TV series)	director	William Conrad
Klondike (TV series)	director	Elliott Lewis (radio)
Klondike (TV series)	director	Sam Peckinpah
The Congress (film)	director	Ken Burns
Observe and Report	director	Jody Hill
The Notebook (film)	director	Nick Cassavetes
Witchcraft VIII: Salem's Ghost	director	Joseph John Barmettler
The Life of Wu Xun	director	Sun Yu (director)
Gidget Goes to Rome	director	Paul Wendkos
Three Sisters (1994 film)	director	Sergei Solovyov
Aram + Aram Kinnaram	director	Priyadarshan
Spooked (Fear Itself)	director	Brad Anderson (director)
All Good Things (film)	director	Andrew Jarecki
Straight on Till Morning	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
Rockula	director	Luca Bercovici
My Scene Goes Hollywood	director	Eric Fogel
3 Idiots	director	Rajkumar Hirani
Wish Upon a Star	director	Blair Treu
Melody of Murder	director	Bodil Ipsen
Hollywood on Parade	director	Lewis Lewyn
When Strangers Appear	director	Scott Reynolds (director)
A Woman Like Eve	director	Nouchka van Brakel
Mister Roberts (TV series)	director	Allen Baron
Mister Roberts (TV series)	director	Robert Butler (director)
Mister Roberts (TV series)	director	Lawrence Dobkin
Mister Roberts (TV series)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Mister Roberts (TV series)	director	Gene Reynolds
Mister Roberts (TV series)	director	Seymour Robbie
Bigger Than Life	director	Nicholas Ray
Congress (documentary)	director	Ken Burns
Spanish Judges	director	Oz Scott
Sista dansen	director	Colin Nutley
Mendez vs. Westminster: For All the Children	director	Sandra Robbie
The Firm (season 2)	director	Ng Ping Ho
California's Golden Beginning	director	Cecil B. DeMille
Ah, Wilderness! (film)	director	Clarence Brown
Poison Ivy: The Secret Society	director	Jason Hreno
Night School (film)	director	Ken Hughes
The Dead Are Alive	director	Armando Crispino
Simon (1980 film)	director	Marshall Brickman
Embodiment of Evil	director	José Mojica Marins
St. Louis Blues (1929 film)	director	Dudley Murphy
St. Louis Blues (1939 film)	director	Raoul Walsh
St. Louis Blues (1958 film)	director	Allen Reisner
The Bat Whispers	director	Roland West
Vägen till Gyllenblå!	director	Leif Krantz
Brilliant Future	director	Vicente Aranda
Sytten	director	Annelise Meineche
Salomé (2002 film)	director	Carlos Saura
The Richest Cat in the World	director	Greg Beeman
Back to Life (1913 film)	director	Allan Dwan
Red Margaret, Moonshiner	director	Allan Dwan
Bloodhounds of the North	director	Allan Dwan
The Lie (1914 film)	director	Allan Dwan
Le Nouveau monde	director	Alain Corneau
The Doll (2008 film)	director	Dante J. James
The Honor of the Mounted	director	Allan Dwan
Remember Mary Magdalen	director	Allan Dwan
Discord and Harmony	director	Allan Dwan
The Menace to Carlotta	director	Allan Dwan
Trick or Treats (1982 film)	director	Gary Graver
What's the Matter with Helen?	director	Curtis Harrington
Kidnapped (1986 film)	director	Geoff Collins
The Gay Falcon	director	Irving Reis
Hallucinations of a Deranged Mind	director	José Mojica Marins
The Strange World of Coffin Joe	director	José Mojica Marins
48 Hours of Hallucinatory Sex	director	José Mojica Marins
The Beniker Gang	director	Ken Kwapis
Strictly Dishonorable (1931 film)	director	John M. Stahl
Pollyanna (1960 film)	director	David Swift (director)
Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya	director	Rajat Mukherjee
Lancashire Luck	director	Henry Cass
Dickens (docudrama)	director	Chris Granlund
Choices of the Heart	director	Joseph Sargent
The Red Horses	director	Alice O'Fredericks
The Red Horses	director	Jon Iversen
Crows Zero	director	Takashi Miike
Heer Ranjha (film)	director	Masood Pervez
Hari Puttar: A Comedy of Terrors	director	Lucky Kohli
Hari Puttar: A Comedy of Terrors	director	Rajesh Bajaj
The Subject Was Roses (film)	director	Ulu Grosbard
Strictly Dishonorable (1951 film)	director	Melvin Frank
Strictly Dishonorable (1951 film)	director	Norman Panama
Bart Got a Room	director	Brian Hecker
Child of Manhattan (film)	director	Edward Buzzell
Heavenly Pursuits	director	Charles Gormley
Subramaniapuram (2008 film)	director	M. Sasikumar
Caregiver (film)	director	Chito Roño
Without the King	director	Michael Skolnik
Scattered Dreams	director	Neema Barnette
The Red Menace (film)	director	R. G. Springsteen
Smithereens (film)	director	Susan Seidelman
Life with Father (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
What's Your Raashee?	director	Ashutosh Gowariker
Brüno	director	Larry Charles
Never Say Die (1939 film)	director	Elliott Nugent
Circle of Friends (1995 film)	director	Pat O'Connor (director)
Universal Soldier II: Brothers in Arms	director	Jeff Woolnough
Universal Soldier III: Unfinished Business	director	Jeff Woolnough
Hotel Haywire	director	Arthur Archainbaud
Irupatham Noottandu	director	K. Madhu
Pattanapravesham	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Akkare Akkare Akkare	director	Priyadarshan
Abhimanyu (1991 film)	director	Priyadarshan
Sadayam	director	Sibi Malayil
True Confession	director	Wesley Ruggles
Thenmavin Kombath	director	Priyadarshan
Pavithram	director	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
Kalippattam	director	Venu Nagavally
Rajavinte Makan	director	Thampi Kannanthanam
No.20 Madras Mail	director	Joshi (director)
His Highness Abdullah	director	Sibi Malayil
Rakthasakshikal Sindabad	director	Venu Nagavally
Hello My Dear Wrong Number	director	Priyadarshan
Kadathanadan Ambadi	director	Priyadarshan
Sreekrishna Parunthu	director	A. Vincent
Pappan Priyappetta Pappan	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Mazha Peyyunnu Maddalam Kottunnu	director	Priyadarshan
Naduvazhikal	director	Joshi (director)
Kutty Srank	director	Shaji N. Karun
The Shrine	director	Andy Mikita
Chathurangam	director	K. Madhu
Daisy (1988 film)	director	Prathap K. Pothan
Sweet Mud	director	Dror Shaul
The Executioner's Song (film)	director	Lawrence Schiller
Concert in Hawaii	director	Robert Sparr
The Good Fairy (film)	director	William Wyler
The Black Orchid (1958 film)	director	Martin Ritt
Breakheart Pass (film)	director	Tom Gries
Children of the Dust (TV miniseries)	director	David Greene (director)
Now and Forever (1934 film)	director	Henry Hathaway
Fools for Scandal	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Love Before Breakfast	director	Walter Lang
The Embezzler (1914 film)	director	Allan Dwan
The Lamb, the Woman, the Wolf	director	Allan Dwan
The End of the Feud	director	Allan Dwan
The Tragedy of Whispering Creek	director	Allan Dwan
The Unlawful Trade	director	Allan Dwan
The Forbidden Room	director	Allan Dwan
The Old Cobbler	director	Murdock MacQuarrie
Minnaminnikoottam	director	Kamal (director)
Bhoomiyile Rajakkanmar	director	Thampi Kannanthanam
The Rose Tattoo (film)	director	Daniel Mann
Innathe Chintha Vishayam	director	Sathyan Anthikad
The Hopes of Blind Alley	director	Allan Dwan
By the Sun's Rays	director	Charles Giblyn
The Oubliette	director	Charles Giblyn
Her Bounty	director	Joe De Grasse
The Higher Law (1914 film)	director	Charles Giblyn
We Feed the World	director	Erwin Wagenhofer
Stewie Kills Lois/Lois Kills Stewie	director	John Holmquist
Stewie Kills Lois/Lois Kills Stewie	director	Greg Colton
Love Story (2008 film)	director	Chris Hall
Love Story (2008 film)	director	Mike Kerry
Maria, Mirabela	director	Ion Popescu-Gopo
The Beautiful Blonde from Bashful Bend	director	Preston Sturges
A Wonderful Night in Split	director	Arsen Anton Ostojić
Angels Over Broadway	director	Ben Hecht
Angels Over Broadway	director	Lee Garmes
Institute of Social Studies Trust	director	Ratna M. Sudarshan
Ganeshana Maduve	director	Phani Ramachandra
The Battle of Gettysburg (1913 film)	director	Charles Giblyn
The Battle of Gettysburg (1913 film)	director	Thomas H. Ince
Richelieu (film)	director	Allan Dwan
The Pipes o' Pan	director	Joe De Grasse
Virtue Is Its Own Reward	director	Joe De Grasse
Her Life's Story	director	Joe De Grasse
Lights and Shadows	director	Joe De Grasse
The Lion, the Lamb, the Man	director	Joe De Grasse
A Night of Thrills	director	Joe De Grasse
Her Escape (film)	director	Joe De Grasse
Tory! Tory! Tory!	director	Don Jordan (television)
Tory! Tory! Tory!	director	Dan Hillman
Tory! Tory! Tory!	director	Tom McCarthy (television)
A Boy Called Hate	director	Mitch Marcus
Marat/Sade (film)	director	Peter Brook
The Great White Hope (film)	director	Martin Ritt
The Capture of the Green River Killer	director	Norma Bailey
The Natural History of Parking Lots	director	Everett Lewis
6,000 Enemies	director	George B. Seitz
White Gold (M*A*S*H)	director	Hy Averback
Baghead	director	Mark Duplass
Baghead	director	Jay Duplass
We Live Again	director	Rouben Mamoulian
The Sin of Olga Brandt	director	Joe De Grasse
London Dreams	director	Vipul Amrutlal Shah
The Star of the Sea	director	Joe De Grasse
A Small Town Girl	director	Allan Dwan
The Measure of a Man (1915 film)	director	Joe De Grasse
The Threads of Fate	director	Joe De Grasse
When the Gods Played a Badger Game	director	Joe De Grasse
Such Is Life (1915 film)	director	Joe De Grasse
Beauty for the Asking	director	Glenn Tryon
(500) Days of Summer	director	Marc Webb
The Escape (1914 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
A Study in Scarlet (1914 film)	director	George Pearson (filmmaker)
Family Man (Fear Itself)	director	Ronny Yu
Dare Not Walk Alone	director	Jeremy Dean
Whip It (film)	director	Drew Barrymore
Aruse	director	Mikio Naruse
The River Niger (film)	director	Krishna Shah
Being Two Isn't Easy	director	Kon Ichikawa
Lake of Tears (film)	director	Tomotaka Tasaka
Empire of Passion	director	Nagisa Oshima
Gray Sunset	director	Shunya Itō
The Last Station	director	Michael Hoffman (American director)
Begging for Love	director	Hideyuki Hirayama
Out (2002 film)	director	Hideyuki Hirayama
Poppoya	director	Yasuo Furuhata
Fast and Loose (film)	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
The Meeting Point	director	Goran Marković (film director)
Purity (film)	director	Rae Berger
My Uncle's Legacy	director	Krsto Papić
Double Harness	director	John Cromwell (director)
Reflections (1987 film)	director	Goran Marković (film director)
Cinema, Aspirins and Vultures	director	Marcelo Gomes (director)
A Ton of Luck	director	Rodrigo Triana
Haathi Mere Saathi (1993 film)	director	Shamim Ara
White Palms (film)	director	Szabolcs Hajdu
Libertas (film)	director	Veljko Bulajić
Basain	director	Subash Gajurel
Retrieval (film)	director	Sławomir Fabicki
Thieves and Liars	director	Ricardo Méndez Matta
Commandos (film)	director	Armando Crispino
Casi Ángeles	director	Mariano de María
Riders of the Dawn	director	Vicente Aranda
Ek Jind Ek Jaan	director	Vikram Maini
Pennies from Heaven (1936 film)	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Borstal Boy (film)	director	Peter Sheridan
National Dairy Research Institute	director	Dr. A. K. Srivastava
They Just Had to Get Married	director	Edward Ludwig
Alien Agent	director	Jesse Johnson
Tokyo Twilight	director	Yasujirō Ozu
War of the Worlds 2: The Next Wave	director	C. Thomas Howell
Father of Four	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Father of Four	director	Robert Saaskin
The End of Summer	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Disney's American Legends	director	Lara Shapiro
Moby Dick (1930 film)	director	Lloyd Bacon
The Count of Monte Cristo (1998 miniseries)	director	Josée Dayan
Get Yourself a College Girl	director	Sidney Miller
Evil Dead Trap	director	Toshiharu Ikeda
TekWar (TV series)	director	William Shatner
Girl Trouble (1942 film)	director	Harold D. Schuster
Happy New Year '49	director	Stole Popov
En Swasa Kaatre	director	K. S. Ravi
Down Where The Buffalo Go	director	Ian Knox
A Man's Work (film)	director	Aleksi Salmenperä
Jani Gal	director	Jamil Rostami
Belle Toujours	director	Manoel de Oliveira
Takva: A Man's Fear of God	director	Özer Kızıltan
The Pope's Toilet	director	César Charlone (cinematographer)
The Pope's Toilet	director	Enrique Fernández
Where the Forest Ends	director	Joe De Grasse
Outside the Gates	director	Joe De Grasse
All for Peggy	director	Joe De Grasse
Hit the Deck (1930 film)	director	Luther Reed
Hit the Deck (1955 film)	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
The Desert Breed	director	Joe De Grasse
Maid of the Mist (1915 film)	director	Joe De Grasse
The Grind (1915 film)	director	Joe De Grasse
The Girl of the Night	director	Joe De Grasse
The Stool Pigeon (1915 film)	director	Lon Chaney, Sr.
For Cash	director	Lon Chaney, Sr.
An Idyll of the Hills	director	Joe De Grasse
The Stronger Mind	director	Joe De Grasse
The Oyster Dredger	director	Lon Chaney, Sr.
Steady Company	director	Joe De Grasse
The Violin Maker	director	Lon Chaney, Sr.
The Trust (1915 film)	director	Lon Chaney, Sr.
Bound on the Wheel	director	Joe De Grasse
Mountain Justice (1915 film)	director	Joe De Grasse
Wake Up and Dream (film)	director	Lloyd Bacon
One Rainy Afternoon	director	Rowland V. Lee
Free Style (film)	director	William Dear
Home Alone	director	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
Home Alone	director	Raja Gosnell
Home Alone	director	Rod Daniel
Mad About Men	director	Ralph Thomas
The Chimney's Secret	director	Lon Chaney, Sr.
The Pine's Revenge	director	Joe De Grasse
The Fascination of the Fleur de Lis	director	Joe De Grasse
Alas and Alack	director	Joe De Grasse
A Mother's Atonement	director	Joe De Grasse
Lon of Lone Mountain	director	Joe De Grasse
The Millionaire Paupers	director	Joe De Grasse
Under a Shadow	director	Joe De Grasse
Father and the Boys	director	Joe De Grasse
Stronger Than Death (1915 film)	director	Joe De Grasse
Jack Brown Genius	director	Tony Hiles
Tortured (film)	director	Nolan Lebovitz
Dolly's Scoop	director	Joe De Grasse
The Grip of Jealousy	director	Joe De Grasse
Tangled Hearts	director	Joe De Grasse
The Gilded Spider	director	Joe De Grasse
Violent Shit III	director	Andreas Schnaas
Bobbie of the Ballet	director	Joe De Grasse
The Grasp of Greed	director	Joe De Grasse
Ditte, Child of Man	director	Bjarne Henning-Jensen
Ditte, Child of Man	director	Jon Iversen
Gwen, or the Book of Sand	director	Jean-François Laguionie
Torch Song Trilogy (film)	director	Paul Bogart
The 7th Day	director	Carlos Saura
Sun in the Last Days of the Shogunate	director	Yuzo Kawashima
Spin the Bottle (2003 film)	director	Ian Fitzgibbon
Melodrama Habibi	director	Hany Tamba
David & Fatima	director	Alain Zaloum
Late Bloomer	director	Go Shibata
Stay Cool	director	Ted Smith
New York Town	director	Charles Vidor
Workaholics	director	Kyle Newacheck
The Mark of Cain (1916 film)	director	Joe De Grasse
If My Country Should Call	director	Joe De Grasse
Felix on the Job	director	George Felix
The Place Beyond the Winds	director	Joe De Grasse
Accusing Evidence	director	Allan Dwan
The Price of Silence (1916 film)	director	Joe De Grasse
The Piper's Price	director	Joe De Grasse
Hell Morgan's Girl	director	Joe De Grasse
The Mask of Love	director	Joe De Grasse
The Girl in the Checkered Coat	director	Joe De Grasse
Looking After Our Own	director	Bharat Nalluri
The Haunted Castle (1897 film)	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
The Runner Stumbles	director	Stanley Kramer
My Name Is Barbra (TV special)	director	Dwight Hemion
My Name Is Barbra (TV special)	director	Joe Layton
Strange Fruit (film)	director	Kyle Schickner
10 Questions for the Dalai Lama	director	Rick Ray
Tru Loved	director	Stewart Wade
Mehbooba (2008 film)	director	Afzal Khan
Boeing Boeing (1985 film)	director	Priyadarshan
Get Smart's Bruce and Lloyd: Out of Control	director	Gil Junger
Bell Witch Haunting	director	Ric White
The Flashlight	director	Ida May Park
A Doll's House (1917 film)	director	Joe De Grasse
Fires of Rebellion	director	Ida May Park
The Rescue (1917 film)	director	Ida May Park
Anthimanthaarai	director	P. Bharathiraja
Shades (film)	director	Erik Van Looy
Pay Me!	director	Joe De Grasse
Triumph (1917 film)	director	Joe De Grasse
The Empty Gun	director	Joe De Grasse
Anything Once	director	Joe De Grasse
The Scarlet Car	director	Joe De Grasse
The Grand Passion	director	Ida May Park
Broadway Love	director	Ida May Park
Fish in a Drawer	director	Jeff Melman
Palum Pazhamum	director	A. Bhimsingh
Fast Company (1918 film)	director	Lynn Reynolds
A Broadway Scandal	director	Joe De Grasse
Riddle Gawne	director	William S. Hart
Riddle Gawne	director	Lambert Hillyer
That Devil, Bateese	director	William Wolbert
The Talk of the Town (1918 film)	director	Allen Holubar
Sordid Lives: The Series	director	Del Shores
Ice from the Sun	director	Eric Stanze
I'm Not Rappaport (film)	director	Herb Gardner
Greenzo	director	Don Scardino
Middle Men (film)	director	George Gallo
Adventures on Kythera	director	John Tatoulis
The Last of the Secret Agents	director	Norman Abbott
In Sickness and in Health (Fear Itself)	director	John Landis
Only Yesterday (1933 film)	director	John M. Stahl
Dreams with Sharp Teeth	director	Eric Nelson (musician)
The False Faces	director	Irvin Willat
Lost in Yonkers (film)	director	Martha Coolidge
The Culpepper Cattle Co.	director	Dick Richards
The Great Northfield Minnesota Raid	director	Philip Kaufman
This Is My Life (film)	director	Nora Ephron
Wild Bill (film)	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Anna Karenina (1915 film)	director	J. Gordon Edwards
The Two Orphans (1915 film)	director	Herbert Brenon
Dancing at Lughnasa (film)	director	Pat O'Connor (director)
A Connecticut Yankee (film)	director	David Butler
So Well Remembered	director	Edward Dmytryk
The Dead Outside	director	Kerry Anne Mullaney
Deface (film)	director	John Arlotto (producer)
Love! Valour! Compassion! (film)	director	Joe Mantello
Less Than Kind	director	Kelly Makin
Less Than Kind	director	Henry Sarwer-Foner
Less Than Kind	director	Shawn Alex Thompson
Global Metal	director	Sam Dunn
Global Metal	director	Scot McFayden
Meerkat Manor: The Story Begins	director	Mike Slee
The Stain (film)	director	Frank Powell
The Kreutzer Sonata (1915 film)	director	Herbert Brenon
The Clemenceau Case	director	Herbert Brenon
The Devil's Daughter (1915 film)	director	Frank Powell
Sin (1915 film)	director	Herbert Brenon
Carmen (1915 Raoul Walsh film)	director	Raoul Walsh
The Galley Slave	director	J. Gordon Edwards
Destruction (film)	director	Will S. Davis
Girl Play	director	Lee Friedlander
The West Point Story (film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
The Serpent (1916 film)	director	Raoul Walsh
Lady Cop & Papa Crook	director	Alan Mak
Lady Cop & Papa Crook	director	Felix Chong
Gold and the Woman	director	James Vincent
The Eternal Sapho	director	Bertram Bracken
East Lynne (1916 film)	director	Bertram Bracken
Luck (film)	director	Soham Shah
Miracles (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Tere Bina Jiya Nahin Jaye	director	Satish Kaushik
Rose Marie (films)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Fireball 500	director	Leo Townsend (director)
Treasure Island (1920 film)	director	Maurice Tourneur
While Paris Sleeps	director	Maurice Tourneur
Nomads of the North	director	David Hartford
Lovedolls Superstar (film)	director	Dave Markey
Desperate Teenage Lovedolls	director	Dave Markey
Wild Bees	director	Bohdan Sláma
Up and Down (film)	director	Jan Hřebejk
Under Two Flags (1916 film)	director	J. Gordon Edwards
Her Double Life	director	J. Gordon Edwards
Romeo and Juliet (1916 film)	director	J. Gordon Edwards
The Vixen	director	J. Gordon Edwards
305 (film)	director	Daniel Holechek
305 (film)	director	David M. Holechek
The Tiger Woman (1917 film)	director	J. Gordon Edwards
The Tiger Woman (1917 film)	director	George Bellamy (actor)
Ramchand Pakistani	director	Mehreen Jabbar
Copperhead (film)	director	Todor Chapkanov
Chindu (organization)	director	Sri
The Mentalist	director	Chris Long (director)
The Mentalist	director	David Nutter
Cherished (film)	director	Robin Shepperd
13 Dead Men	director	Art Camacho
Assassin (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Norberto Barba
Jacquou le Croquant	director	Laurent Boutonnat
Her Greatest Love	director	J. Gordon Edwards
Heart and Soul (film)	director	J. Gordon Edwards
The Rose of Blood	director	J. Gordon Edwards
Madame Du Barry (1917 film)	director	J. Gordon Edwards
The Forbidden Path	director	J. Gordon Edwards
The Big Job (film)	director	Gerald Thomas
The Soul of Buddha	director	J. Gordon Edwards
Under the Yoke (film)	director	J. Gordon Edwards
When a Woman Sins	director	J. Gordon Edwards
The She Devil	director	J. Gordon Edwards
Manchester Part I and Part II	director	Thomas Schlamme
Suburban Secrets (film)	director	Joseph W. Sarno
Up the Yangtze	director	Yung Chang
Anvil! The Story of Anvil	director	Sacha Gervasi
Mataharis	director	Icíar Bollaín
Bodies (Law & Order)	director	Constantine Makris
Rock Prophecies	director	John Chester
Ugly Aur Pagli	director	Sachin Khot
Dheeme Dheeme	director	Kumar Sahni
Chat Room (film)	director	Barry Bowles
29 Acacia Avenue	director	Henry Cass
Till There Was You (2003 film)	director	Joyce E. Bernal
The Bubble Boy (Seinfeld)	director	Tom Cherones
Dhoondte Reh Jaaoge	director	Umesh Shukla
Bourne (film series)	director	Doug Liman
Bourne (film series)	director	Paul Greengrass
Shock (1977 film)	director	Mario Bava
In Little Italy	director	D. W. Griffith
To Save Her Soul	director	D. W. Griffith
Ubu et la Grande Gidouille	director	Jan Lenica
New Adventures of a Yankee in King Arthur's Court	director	Viktor Hres
A Month of Hungry Ghosts	director	Tony Kern
Simpatico (film)	director	Matthew Warchus
Book of Love (2002 film)	director	Jeffrey W. Byrd
The Great Moment (1944 film)	director	Preston Sturges
Anna Boleyn (film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Not Quite Human II	director	Eric Luke
Freebird (film)	director	Jon Ivay
Leelai	director	Andrew Vasanth Louis
Do Ansoo	director	Anwar Kamal Pasha
Do Ansoo	director	Murtaza Gilani
The Devil's Sword	director	Ratno Timoer
The Day After (1909 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
The Day After (1909 film)	director	Frank Powell
Choosing a Husband	director	D. W. Griffith
The Rocky Road	director	D. W. Griffith
Time, Forward!	director	Sofiya Milkina
Time, Forward!	director	Mikhail Schweitzer
Jubal (film)	director	Delmer Daves
Totoy Bato	director	Mac Alejandre
Totoy Bato	director	Don Michael Perez
Chris & Don	director	Guido Santi
Chris & Don	director	Tina Mascara
Hotel Hollywood	director	Param Gill
The Burning Soil	director	F. W. Murnau
Biogenesis (The X-Files)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Lost in Woonsocket	director	John Chester
Takeoff (film)	director	Savva Kulish
Rosemary's Baby (30 Rock)	director	Michael Engler
Excessive Force (film)	director	Jon Hess (director)
Kathanayakudu (1969 film)	director	K. Hemambaradhara Rao
All on Account of the Milk	director	Frank Powell
A Romance of the Western Hills	director	D. W. Griffith
Bad Day on the Block	director	Craig R. Baxley
The Sixth Extinction	director	Kim Manners
The Sixth Extinction II: Amor Fati	director	Michael W. Watkins
I'll Be Yours	director	William A. Seiter
Torawakamaru the Koga Ninja	director	Tadashi Sawashima
DVD by Sexy	director	Liam Lynch (musician)
A Praga	director	José Mojica Marins
Kabhi Kabhii Pyaar Kabhi Kabhii Yaar	director	Ekta Kapoor
Hellish Flesh	director	José Mojica Marins
Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani	director	Rajkumar Santoshi
Goodbye, 20th Century!	director	Darko Mitrevski
Goodbye, 20th Century!	director	Aleksandar Popovski
Eater (Fear Itself)	director	Stuart Gordon
Beer for My Horses (film)	director	Michael Salomon
The Girl with the Red Scarf	director	Atıf Yılmaz
Quantum Hoops	director	Rick Greenwald
Ankara Express (film)	director	Muzaffer Arslan
Everything's Gonna Be Great	director	Ömer Vargı
Mavi Boncuk	director	Ertem Eğilmez
Victoria Cross Heroes	director	Nicholas White (television)
Büyü	director	Orhan Oğuz
Everything About Mustafa	director	Çağan Irmak
Trilogy of Terror (1968 film)	director	José Mojica Marins
Trilogy of Terror (1968 film)	director	Ozualdo Ribeiro Candeias
Sex and Blood in the Trail of the Treasure	director	José Mojica Marins
Native New Yorker (film)	director	Steve Bilich
Honeymoon in Bali	director	Edward H. Griffith
Ambassador Bill	director	Sam Taylor (director)
Atlantic City (1944 film)	director	Ray McCarey
Aaah Belinda	director	Atıf Yılmaz
The Kid (1910 film)	director	Frank Powell
A Flash of Light	director	D. W. Griffith
Love in Quarantine	director	Frank Powell
The Two Paths	director	D. W. Griffith
Heart Beats of Long Ago	director	D. W. Griffith
His Daughter	director	D. W. Griffith
The Lily of the Tenements	director	D. W. Griffith
Bony (TV series)	director	Gary Conway
Bony (TV series)	director	Chris Langman
A Decree of Destiny	director	D. W. Griffith
Rock On!!	director	Abhishek Kapoor
Was He a Coward?	director	D. W. Griffith
Priscilla's April Fool Joke	director	Frank Powell
The Spanish Gypsy (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Priscilla and the Umbrella	director	Frank Powell
Priscilla and the Umbrella	director	Mack Sennett
The Broken Cross (1911 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
How She Triumphed	director	D. W. Griffith
The Country Lovers	director	Mack Sennett
The New Dress	director	D. W. Griffith
The White Rose of the Wilds	director	D. W. Griffith
The Smile of a Child	director	D. W. Griffith
Enoch Arden (1911 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Seven Dollars on the Red	director	Alberto Cardone
Seven Dollars on the Red	director	Melchiade Coletti
The Big Empty (short film)	director	Lisa Chang
The Big Empty (short film)	director	Newton Thomas Sigel
Share Bazaar	director	Manmohan
Wonder Woman (film)	director	Lauren Montgomery
Worlds Apart (2008 film)	director	Niels Arden Oplev
Lange Flate Ballær 2	director	Harald Zwart
Billy the Kid (1989 film)	director	William A. Graham (director)
No Deposit, No Return (2004 film)	director	Dallas Campbell
Christmas in the Clouds (film)	director	Kate M. Barker
Night at the Crossroads	director	Jean Renoir
Kal Kissne Dekha	director	Vivek Sharma
Star Spangled Salesman	director	Norman Maurer
Star Spangled Salesman	director	Wingate Smith
We Can't Go Home Again	director	Nicholas Ray
Zorns Lemma (film)	director	Hollis Frampton
Up, Down, Fragile	director	Jacques Rivette
Be a Man! Samurai School	director	Tak Sakaguchi
Utamaro and His Five Women	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Anayurt Oteli	director	Ömer Kavur
Crooked Business	director	Chris Nyst
Bulandi (2000 film)	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
The Graves (film)	director	Brian Pulido
Ten Dead Men	director	Ross Boyask
Amazing Grace (1974 film)	director	Stan Lathan
Jarum Halus	director	Mark Tan
The Primal Call	director	D. W. Griffith
Fighting Blood	director	D. W. Griffith
For a Few Extra Dollars	director	Giorgio Ferroni
Blood for a Silver Dollar	director	Giorgio Ferroni
Mesa Historical Museum	director	Lisa A. Anderson
Adiós gringo	director	Giorgio Stegani
Easy Money (TV series)	director	Alik Sakharov
Angelica and the King	director	Bernard Borderie
The Last Mistress	director	Catherine Breillat
Dunkirk (TV series)	director	Alex Holmes (television)
Madampi	director	B. Unnikrishnan
Konchem Koththaga	director	Raju Rajendra Prasad
The Crowd Roars (1932 film)	director	Howard Hawks
I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell (film)	director	Bob Gosse
The French, They Are a Funny Race	director	Preston Sturges
Act of Love (1980 film)	director	Jud Taylor
The Wrong Door	director	Ben Wheatley
The Last Party (film)	director	Mark Benjamin
The Last Party (film)	director	Marc Levin
Beautiful Memories	director	Isabelle Breitman
Stranded: I've Come from a Plane that Crashed in the Mountains	director	Gonzalo Arijón
Earth and Ashes	director	Atiq Rahimi
El Rey (film)	director	José Antonio Dorado Zuñiga
Long Dark Night (film)	director	Antun Vrdoljak
20 30 40	director	Sylvia Chang
A Driver for Vera	director	Pavel Chukhrai
Tokyo!	director	Michel Gondry
Tokyo!	director	Leos Carax
Tokyo!	director	Bong Joon-ho
Paris Holiday	director	Gerd Oswald
Conventioneers (film)	director	Mora Stephens
Arizona Colt	director	Michele Lupo
The Return of Ringo	director	Duccio Tessari
Anari (1975 film)	director	Asit Sen (director)
Andhera	director	Shyam Ramsay
Andhera	director	Tulsi Ramsay
Andolan (1995 film)	director	Aziz Sejawal
Apne Rang Hazaar	director	RaviTandon
Rakhwala	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Lalkaar	director	Ramanand Sagar
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 6	director	Tex Avery
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 6	director	Chuck Jones
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 6	director	Friz Freleng
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 6	director	Robert McKimson
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 6	director	Harman and Ising
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 6	director	Harman and Ising
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 6	director	Alex Lovy
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 6	director	Earl Duvall
Cupid's Mistake	director	Young Man Kang
Sons of Anarchy	director	Gwyneth Horder-Payton
Sons of Anarchy	director	Stephen Kay
Sons of Anarchy	director	Guy Ferland
Sons of Anarchy	director	Kurt Sutter
The Road to Jenin	director	Pierre Rehov
Black Cobra (film series)	director	Umberto Lenzi
Hulk Vs	director	Frank Paur
Hulk Vs	director	Sam Liu
Salute (2008 film)	director	Matt Norman
Samadhi (1950 film)	director	Ramesh Saigal
The Rhythm Devils Concert Experience	director	Jeff Glixman
The Rhythm Devils Concert Experience	director	Mickey Hart
Dastan (1950 film)	director	Abdul Rashid Kardar
PROXIMA	director	Carlos Atanes
Har Har Mahdev	director	Jayant Desai
Sangram (film)	director	Gyan Mukherjee
Beqasoor	director	K. Amarnath
Sargam (1950 film)	director	P. L. Santoshi
Aankhen (1950 film)	director	Devendra Goel
Gracie's Choice	director	Peter Werner
It's Anybody's Guess	director	Joseph Behar
Delhi Belly (film)	director	Abhinay Deo
Legend of Tianyun Mountain	director	Xie Jin
Bell of Purity Temple	director	Xie Jin
You Can't Take It With You (film)	director	Frank Capra
Mysterious Mose	director	Dave Fleischer
Full Eclipse	director	Anthony Hickox
The Witness (1969 Hungarian film)	director	Péter Bacsó
Kuduz	director	Ademir Kenović
A Family Thing (Private Practice)	director	Mark Tinker
30 Winchester per El Diablo	director	Gianfranco Baldanello as Frank G. Carrol
002 Operazione Luna	director	Lucio Fulci
Amore all'italiana	director	Steno
La Quinceañera (film)	director	Adam Taub
A Fool and His Money	director	Erle C. Kenton
One Last Dance (Spooks)	director	Rob Bailey (director)
Old Well (film)	director	Wu Tianming
On the Mountain of Tai Hang	director	Chen Jian
On the Mountain of Tai Hang	director	Shen Dong
On the Mountain of Tai Hang	director	Wei Lian
Engine Sentai Go-onger: Boom Boom! Bang Bang! GekijōBang!!	director	Noboru Takemoto
Posse (1975 film)	director	Kirk Douglas
Devotion (1946 film)	director	Curtis Bernhardt
Wild Horse Hank	director	Eric Till
John and Mary (film)	director	Peter Yates
Red to Kill	director	Billy Tang
The Indian Brothers	director	D. W. Griffith
A Country Cupid	director	D. W. Griffith
The Last Drop of Water	director	D. W. Griffith
Out from the Shadow	director	D. W. Griffith
The Blind Princess and the Poet	director	D. W. Griffith
The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of	director	D. W. Griffith
The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of	director	Frank Powell
The Making of a Man	director	D. W. Griffith
The Long Road (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Dayo: Sa Mundo ng Elementalia	director	Robert Quilao
Love in the Hills	director	D. W. Griffith
Through Darkened Vales	director	D. W. Griffith
The Miser's Heart	director	D. W. Griffith
A Woman Scorned (1911 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
The Eternal Mother	director	D. W. Griffith
The Old Bookkeeper	director	D. W. Griffith
For His Son	director	D. W. Griffith
The Transformation of Mike	director	D. W. Griffith
Miss Lulu Bett (film)	director	William C. deMille
A Sister's Love	director	D. W. Griffith
Under Burning Skies	director	D. W. Griffith
A String of Pearls (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
The Goddess of Sagebrush Gulch	director	D. W. Griffith
Serious Charge	director	Terence Young (director)
The Punishment (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
One Is Business, the Other Crime	director	D. W. Griffith
Prototype (George Lopez)	director	Barnet Kellman
Hassan and Marcus	director	Ramy Imam
The Lesser Evil (1912 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
An Outcast Among Outcasts	director	D. W. Griffith
An Outcast Among Outcasts	director	Wilfred Lucas
A Temporary Truce	director	D. W. Griffith
The Spirit Awakened	director	D. W. Griffith
Man's Lust for Gold	director	D. W. Griffith
The Inner Circle (1912 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Pinocchio (1972 film)	director	Giuliano Cenci
The Heart's Cry	director	Idrissa Ouedraogo
With the Enemy's Help	director	Wilfred Lucas
A Change of Spirit	director	D. W. Griffith
Blind Love (1912 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
The Chief's Blanket	director	D. W. Griffith
A Sailor's Heart	director	Wilfred Lucas
Teddy at the Throttle	director	Clarence G. Badger
Micmacs (film)	director	Jean-Pierre Jeunet
La Zona (2007)	director	Rodrigo Plá
A Dispatch from Reuter's	director	William Dieterle
We Are Not Alone (film)	director	Edmund Goulding
The Love Light	director	Frances Marion
Mithayi Mane	director	Aarathi
Seven O' Clock	director	Santosh Rai Pathaje
One More Kiss (film)	director	Vadim Jean
2012 (film)	director	Roland Emmerich
I Married...	director	Barbara Kopple
Space Quest (Frasier)	director	James Burrows
Selling Out (Frasier)	director	Andy Ackerman
Happily N'Ever After 2: Snow White Another Bite @ the Apple	director	Steven E. Gordon
Happily N'Ever After 2: Snow White Another Bite @ the Apple	director	Boyd Kirkland
Surrogates (film)	director	Jonathan Mostow
The Shape of Things	director	Neil LaBute
The Last Run	director	Richard Fleischer
Quest for the Mighty Sword	director	Joe D'Amato
Our Top Ten Treasures	director	Patricia Wheatley
Escape to Witch Mountain (1975 film)	director	John Hough (director)
My One and Only (film)	director	Richard Loncraine
Bloodhounds of Broadway (1952 film)	director	Harmon Jones
Barood	director	Pramod Chakravorty
Tobi (1978 film)	director	Antonio Mercero
Chandrakanta (TV series)	director	Sunil Agnihotri
Walking on Dead Fish	director	Franklin Martins
Jesse Helms Center	director	Bill Cobey
The Manhattan Project (Ugly Betty)	director	Victor Nelli, Jr.
Mass Effect 3	director	Casey Hudson
Jungle (2000 film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Veronika Decides to Die (film)	director	Emily Young (film director)
Fine, Totally Fine	director	Yosuke Fujita
Janky Promoters	director	Marcus Raboy
The Dove (1968 film)	director	George Coe
The Dove (1968 film)	director	Anthony Lover
Why the Swallow Has the Tail with Little Horns	director	Amen Khaydarov
Legion (2010 film)	director	Scott Stewart (director)
Der Tag (M*A*S*H episode)	director	Larry Gelbart
Seeds of Destruction	director	Steve Anker
Manifest Destiny (The Outer Limits)	director	Brad Turner (director)
The Story of Marie and Julien	director	Jacques Rivette
Nagavalli (film)	director	P. Vasu
Paperback Dreams	director	Alex Beckstead
New Year's Day (Fear Itself)	director	Darren Lynn Bousman
Le deuxième souffle (1966 film)	director	Jean-Pierre Melville
Vice Versa (1988 film)	director	Brian Gilbert (director)
Click and Clack's As the Wrench Turns	director	Tom Sito
Tin Pan Alley (film)	director	Walter Lang
Homecoming (1948 film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
The Heart of Me	director	Thaddeus O'Sullivan
Francesco (film)	director	Liliana Cavani
Male Companion	director	Philippe de Broca
The Poet and the Bear	director	Brian Philip Davis
Perth (film)	director	Djinn (director)
STAR Voice of India 2	director	Gajendra Singh
The Fighting Gringo (1939 film)	director	David Howard (director)
Plan 9 from Outer Space	director	Ed Wood
Paris Belongs to Us	director	Jacques Rivette
Remembering Arthur	director	Martin Lavut
Little Senegal (film)	director	Rachid Bouchareb
Breaking the Silence (film)	director	Sun Zhou
A Place Nearby	director	Kaspar Rostrup
27 Missing Kisses	director	Nana Jorjadze
Little Crumb	director	Maria Peters
Dev.D	director	Anurag Kashyap (director)
You're the One (2000 film)	director	José Luis Garci
The Attic Expeditions	director	Jeremy Kasten
Wake Up Sid	director	Ayan Mukerji
Eadweard Muybridge, Zoopraxographer	director	Thom Andersen
Easy Living (1949 film)	director	Jacques Tourneur
Edge of the City	director	Martin Ritt
Kan-Cheong Kitchen	director	Hasymee Latif Julaini
Mosquito Squadron	director	Boris Sagal
Pekhawaray Mardanay	director	Nasim Khan
Edward and Caroline	director	Jacques Becker
The Elusive Corporal	director	Jean Renoir
Emil and the Detectives (1931 film)	director	Gerhard Lamprecht
End of the World (1931 film)	director	Abel Gance
Bujang Lapok	director	P. Ramlee
How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying (film)	director	David Swift (director)
17th Parallel: Vietnam in War	director	Joris Ivens
17th Parallel: Vietnam in War	director	Marceline Loridan Ivens
7th Cavalry (film)	director	Joseph H. Lewis
99 and 44/100% Dead	director	John Frankenheimer
Barefoot in Athens	director	George Schaefer (director)
Circus (TV series)	director	Aziz Mirza
Forced Entry (1975 film)	director	Jim Sotos
The Call of the Wild (1935 film)	director	William A. Wellman
Curse of the Maya	director	David Heavener
La Cittadella (2003)	director	Fabrizio Costa
Scooby-Doo! The Mystery Begins	director	Brian Levant
Irene in Time	director	Henry Jaglom
Amazing Journey: The Story of The Who	director	Murray Lerner
Amazing Journey: The Story of The Who	director	Paul Crowder (filmmaker)
Faces of Children	director	Jacques Feyder
Fairyland: A Kingdom of Fairies	director	Georges Méliès
False Pretenses (1935 film)	director	Charles Lamont
The Man I Married	director	Irving Pichel
A False Student	director	Yasuzo Masumura
Far from Vietnam	director	Joris Ivens
Far from Vietnam	director	William Klein
Far from Vietnam	director	Claude Lelouch
Far from Vietnam	director	Agnès Varda
Far from Vietnam	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Far from Vietnam	director	Chris Marker
Far from Vietnam	director	Alain Resnais
Farewell Moscow	director	Mauro Bolognini
Pretendiendo	director	Melissa George#Personal life
The Stars Look Down (TV serial)	director	Roland Joffé
Fifa e arena	director	Mario Mattoli
Fig Leaves	director	Howard Hawks
Fire! (1901 film)	director	James Williamson (film pioneer)
First a Girl	director	Victor Saville
Yaar Baash	director	Liaquat Ali Khan
Sorted (film)	director	Alexander Jovy
Egon Schiele Exzess und Bestrafung	director	Herbert Vesely
Mata (film)	director	Guru Prasad
Five Days One Summer	director	Fred Zinnemann
The Flute Concert of Sans-Souci	director	Gustav Ucicky
La Folie du Docteur Tube	director	Abel Gance
Dangerous When Wet	director	Charles Walters
Go Into Your Dance	director	Archie Mayo
Somebody to Love (30 Rock)	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Dead in the Water (Midsomer Murders episode)	director	Renny Rye
Orchis Fatalis (Midsomer Murders episode)	director	Peter Smith
E le stelle stanno a guardare	director	Anton Giulio Majano
Painted in Blood (Midsomer Murders episode)	director	Sarah Hellings
Der Verlorene	director	Peter Lorre
Fuego (1969 film)	director	Armando Bó
La Cittadella (1964)	director	Anton Giulio Majano
The Citadel (1960 British miniseries)	director	John Frankau
Ice Cream (film)	director	Antony Eastman
Midnight in Saint Petersburg	director	Douglas Jackson (director)
Tremble (film)	director	Matthew J Schelle
A Comédia de Deus	director	João César Monteiro
Beyond This Place (film)	director	Sidney Lumet
Colonel Effingham's Raid	director	Irving Pichel
The Battle of Gettysburg (1955 film)	director	Herman Hoffman
Forbidden Fruit (1952 film)	director	Henri Verneuil
Elizabeth David: A Life in Recipes	director	James Kent (television)
Foreign Land	director	Walter Salles
Foreign Land	director	Daniela Thomas
George Orwell: A Life in Pictures	director	Chris Durlacher
Sydney – A Story of a City	director	Bruce Beresford
Sydney – A Story of a City	director	Geoff Burton
The Fountain of Youth (film)	director	Orson Welles
Ian Fleming: Bondmaker	director	John Alexander (television)
The Man Who Broke Britain	director	Gabriel Range
H G Wells: War with the World	director	James Kent (television)
Life Beyond the Box: Norman Stanley Fletcher	director	Kim Flitcroft
Buddy (2003 film)	director	Morten Tyldum
Vicious Circle (2008 film)	director	Paul Boyd (director)
Contract (2008 film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
The Return of Dr. Fu Manchu	director	Rowland V. Lee
The Fifth Seal	director	Zoltán Fábri
Brother Martin: Servant of Jesus	director	Spencer Williams (actor)
Gulliver's Travels (1977 film)	director	Peter R. Hunt
Life Beyond the Box: Margo Leadbetter	director	Margy Kinmonth
The Golden Blade	director	Nathan H. Juran
Daulat (1937 film)	director	S.M.Yusuf
Daulat (1949 film)	director	Sohrab Modi
Daulat (1982 film)	director	Mohan Segal
Gehra Daag	director	O.P. Ralhan
Al-Shams Fi Yawam Gha'em	director	Muhammad Shahin
The Great Man's Lady	director	William A. Wellman
The Bothersome Man	director	Jens Lien
Building the Great Pyramid	director	Jonathan Stamp
The Four Feathers (1929 film)	director	Merian C. Cooper
The Four Feathers (1929 film)	director	Lothar Mendes
The Four Feathers (1929 film)	director	Ernest B. Schoedsack
Four Hours to Kill!	director	Mitchell Leisen
Meera (1979 film)	director	Gulzar
Alles Bob!	director	Otto Alexander Jahrreiss
Achanak (1973 film)	director	Gulzar
Night Must Fall (1937 film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Night Must Fall (1964 film)	director	Karel Reisz
Before the Rains	director	Santosh Sivan
Jonny Vang	director	Jens Lien
Bad (2007 film)	director	Vincenzo Giammanco
Fifty Dead Men Walking	director	Kari Skogland
Raintree County (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
RahXephon: Pluralitas Concentio	director	Tomoki Kyoda
Blue Hill Avenue	director	Craig Ross, Jr.
Ramji Rav Speaking	director	Siddique-Lal
Frenchman's Creek (film)	director	Mitchell Leisen
Bananas Unpeeled	director	Nick Shaw
The Human Contract	director	Jada Pinkett Smith
I Served the King of England (film)	director	Jiří Menzel
Four Nights of a Dreamer	director	Robert Bresson
Freak Orlando	director	Ulrike Ottinger
From Saturday to Sunday	director	Gustav Machatý
From the Clouds to the Resistance	director	Straub-Huillet
From the Clouds to the Resistance	director	Straub-Huillet
La Vie de Jésus	director	Bruno Dumont
I Love You Da	director	C Rajadurai
Hiatus (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
Closure (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
If I Had My Way	director	David Butler (director)
Poola Rangadu	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Judex (1963 film)	director	Georges Franju
Kinara (1977 film)	director	Gulzar
A TV Dante	director	Tom Phillips and Peter Greenaway
I'm Not Single	director	Pierre Andre
Harakiri (1919 film)	director	Fritz Lang
LaLee's Kin: The Legacy of Cotton	director	Deborah Dickson
LaLee's Kin: The Legacy of Cotton	director	Susan Frömke
LaLee's Kin: The Legacy of Cotton	director	Albert and David Maysles
Idiot (1992 film)	director	Mani Kaul
Halo (1996 film)	director	Santosh Sivan
Escape From Fear (1955)	director	Allen Reisner
Le Garçu	director	Maurice Pialat
Gentlemen Are Born	director	Alfred E. Green
Ghosts Before Breakfast	director	Hans Richter (artist)
Giants and Toys	director	Yasuzo Masumura
Girls About Town (film)	director	George Cukor
God's Step Children	director	Oscar Micheaux
When Johnny Comes Marching Home (film)	director	Charles Lamont
Hachi: A Dog's Tale	director	Lasse Hallström
We're So Happy You're So Happy	director	David Grossman (director)
Colosseum: Rome's Arena of Death	director	Tilman Remme
Masquerade (1988 film)	director	Bob Swaim
Thirteen Hours by Air	director	Mitchell Leisen
The Ordeal of Dr. Shannon	director	Joan Kemp-Welch
Confirm or Deny	director	Archie Mayo
I Met My Love Again	director	Joshua Logan
I Met My Love Again	director	Arthur Ripley
I Met My Love Again	director	George Cukor
The Russia House (film)	director	Fred Schepisi
Der Herr der Liebe	director	Fritz Lang
Four Minutes (film)	director	Chris Kraus (filmmaker)
Table for Five	director	Robert Lieberman
Gold (1934 film)	director	Karl Hartl
Me Myself I (film)	director	Pip Karmel
The Good Companions (1933 film)	director	Victor Saville
The Good Companions (1957 film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
The Monster X Strikes Back/Attack the G8 Summit	director	Minoru Kawasaki (film director)
Sisterhood (film)	director	Richard Wellings-Thomas
She Knew All the Answers	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Goto, Island of Love	director	Walerian Borowczyk
Graduate First	director	Maurice Pialat
The Grand Maneuver	director	René Clair
Le Grand Méliès	director	Georges Franju
The Great Consoler	director	Lev Kuleshov
Travellers' Century	director	Harry Marshall (director)
Travellers' Century	director	Richard Chambers
Ride (film)	director	Millicent Shelton
The Great King	director	Veit Harlan
Community (Fear Itself)	director	Mary Harron
Hadrian (BBC documentary)	director	John Trefor
The Bronx Executioner	director	Vanio Amici
Memory Run	director	Allan A. Goldstein
The Final Executioner	director	Romolo Guerrieri
Muthina Haara	director	Rajendra Singh Babu
Destiny (1938 film)	director	Mario Mattoli
Triumph of Love (film)	director	Mario Mattoli
The Mississippi Gambler	director	Reginald Barker
Hasratein	director	Ajai Sinha
Trade Winds (1938 film)	director	Tay Garnett
Twin Beds (1942 film)	director	Tim Whelan
Vogues of 1938	director	Irving Cummings
Up All Night (30 Rock)	director	Michael Engler
Wedding Present (1936 film)	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Ice People	director	Anne Aghion
Week Ends Only	director	Alan Crosland
The Macomber Affair	director	Zoltan Korda
Belles on Their Toes (film)	director	Henry Levin
On the Other Hand, Death	director	Ron Oliver
Navy Wife	director	Edward Bernds
The Guy Who Came Back	director	Joseph M. Newman
Sisters of the Gion	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Late Chrysanthemums	director	Mikio Naruse
Hot Shots (1956 film)	director	Jean Yarbrough
Prince Valiant (1954 film)	director	Henry Hathaway
The Song of Songs (1933 film)	director	Rouben Mamoulian
First Yank into Tokyo	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
A Night to Remember (1943 film)	director	Richard Wallace (director)
The Wife Takes a Flyer	director	Richard Wallace (director)
America the Beautiful (film)	director	Darryl Roberts (director)
Le Wazzou polygame	director	Oumarou Ganda
Together Alone (film)	director	P.J. Castellaneta
Big Wave Dave's	director	Andy Ackerman
Sands of Oblivion	director	David R. Flores
In Search of the Castaways (film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
A Month in the Country (film)	director	Pat O'Connor (director)
Wedding in Malinovka	director	Andrei Tutyshkin
Ultra Warrior	director	Kevin Tent
Metroid (video game)	director	Satoru Okada
The Man Who Broke the Bank at Monte Carlo	director	Stephen Roberts (director)
There's Always Tomorrow	director	Douglas Sirk
The Private Lives of Pippa Lee	director	Rebecca Miller
Two in a Crowd	director	Alfred E. Green
Ustedes los ricos	director	Ismael Rodríguez
Wild Geese Calling	director	John Brahm
The Texans	director	James P. Hogan (director)
Artists and Models Abroad	director	Mitchell Leisen
E!'s Pam: Girl on the Loose!	director	Nigel Dick
Nonna Felicità	director	Mario Mattoli
L'ha fatto una signora	director	Mario Mattoli
The Lady in White	director	Mario Mattoli
We Were Seven Sisters	director	Mario Mattoli
At Your Orders, Madame	director	Mario Mattoli
We Were Seven Widows	director	Mario Mattoli
Double Trouble (1984 film)	director	Enzo Barboni
Imputato alzatevi!	director	Mario Mattoli
Mille chilometri al minuto	director	Mario Mattoli
Lo vedi come sei... lo vedi come sei?	director	Mario Mattoli
Abbandono	director	Mario Mattoli
The Pirate's Dream	director	Mario Mattoli
Non me lo dire!	director	Mario Mattoli
Luce nelle tenebre	director	Mario Mattoli
Schoolgirl Diary	director	Mario Mattoli
I Live as I Please	director	Mario Mattoli
Catene invisibili	director	Mario Mattoli
The Three Pilots	director	Mario Mattoli
The Lady Is Fickle	director	Mario Mattoli
Labbra serrate	director	Mario Mattoli
Stasera niente di nuovo	director	Mario Mattoli
Central Carolina Hockey	director	Jake Plancon
Smash Cut	director	Lee Demarbre
Niceland (Population. 1.000.002)	director	Friðrik Þór Friðriksson
Copenhagen (film)	director	Howard Davies
Broken Embraces	director	Pedro Almodóvar
Anjuman (film)	director	Hassan Tariq
Wild Tigers I Have Known	director	Cam Archer
Lorna Doone (1922 film)	director	Maurice Tourneur
The Keys of the Kingdom (film)	director	John M. Stahl
Rock, Rock, Rock (film)	director	Will Price (director)
LollyPop	director	Shafi (director)
Planet of the Apes (1968 film)	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
My Grandparents Had a Hotel	director	Karen Shopsowitz
The Hearse	director	George Bowers (filmmaker)
Vi er allesammen tossede	director	Sven Methling
Children of Jerusalem: Gesho	director	Beverly Shaffer
Red Steel 2	director	Jason Vandenberghe
La valle del diavolo	director	Mario Mattoli
Okinawa Prefectural Museum	director	Hirotaka Makino
La vispa Teresa	director	Mario Mattoli
Anything for a Song	director	Mario Mattoli
Pandhayam	director	S. A. Chandrasekhar
Sabaidee Luang Prabang	director	Sakchai Deenan
Village of Idiots	director	Eugene Fedorenko
Village of Idiots	director	Rose Newlove
Timbrels and Torahs	director	Judith Montell
Timbrels and Torahs	director	Miriam Chaya
Perlasca, un Eroe Italiano	director	Alberto Negrin
Pehla Nasha	director	Ashutosh Gowariker
Merveilleuse Angélique	director	Bernard Borderie
Treasure Island (1999 film)	director	Peter Rowe (filmmaker)
Palimos ng Pag-ibig (film)	director	Eddie Garcia
Palimos ng Pag-ibig (TV series)	director	Wenn V. Deramas
May Minamahal (film)	director	José Javier Reyes
LAN Party Massacre	director	Jim Kunz
What's Cookin'?	director	Edward F. Cline
Patayin Mo Sa Sindak Si Barbara	director	Celso Ad Castillo
Patayin Sa Sindak Si Barbara (film)	director	Chito Roño
Patayin Sa Sindak Si Barbara (film)	director	Ricky Lee
Phat Beach	director	Doug Ellin
Angélique, Marquise des Anges	director	Bernard Borderie
Revive! Ultraman	director	Masahiro Tsuburaya
Ultraman (1967 film)	director	Eiji Tsuburaya
Ultraman (1979 film)	director	Akio Jissoji
What Waits Below	director	Don Sharp
The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1911 film)	director	Albert Capellani
Turkey Shoot (film)	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
Women for Sale	director	Nili Tal
The Last Wagon (1943 film)	director	Mario Mattoli
The Za-Bum Circus	director	Mario Mattoli
Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call New Orleans	director	Werner Herzog
Life Begins Anew	director	Mario Mattoli
Partenza ore 7	director	Mario Mattoli
The Two Orphans (1947 film)	director	Mario Mattoli
Adio Kerida	director	Ruth Behar
Totò al giro d'Italia	director	Mario Mattoli
The Forgotten Refugees	director	Michael Grynszpan
In Rwanda We Say…The Family That Does Not Speak Dies	director	Anne Aghion
We Meet at Tove's	director	Alice O'Fredericks
We Meet at Tove's	director	Grete Frische
30 Years to Life	director	Vanessa Middleton
The House Bunny	director	Fred Wolf
Ashurajō no Hitomi	director	Yōjirō Takita
Once Upon a Brothers Grimm	director	Norman Campbell
Never Back Down	director	Jeff Wadlow
Raid on Rommel	director	Henry Hathaway
Ghajini (2008 film)	director	A. R. Murugadoss
Good News (TV series)	director	Stan Daniels
Good News (TV series)	director	Kim Friedman
Good News (TV series)	director	Anna Maria Horsford
Good News (TV series)	director	Tony Singletary
Good News (TV series)	director	Ed. Weinberger
Nemuranai Machi: Shinjuku Same	director	Yōjirō Takita
The Weird Villa	director	Nop Sambath
Seven Swordsmen	director	Clarence Fok
Simon Says (The Outer Limits)	director	Helen Shaver
The Villain (1917 film)	director	Arvid E. Gillstrom
Brigade des mœurs	director	Max Pécas
The Second Coming (Heroes)	director	Allan Arkush
Meravanige	director	Mahesh Babu
MacGruber	director	Jorma Taccone
MacGruber	director	John Solomon (writer)
29th Street (film)	director	George Gallo
Gacaca, Living Together Again In Rwanda?	director	Anne Aghion
Edipo Alcalde	director	Jorge Ali Triana
Sandwich Day	director	Don Scardino
Horror Rises from the Tomb	director	Carlos Aured
The Dock Brief	director	James Hill
Kaleldo	director	Brillante Mendoza
Antigone (film)	director	George Tzavellas
Princess (2006 film)	director	Anders Morgenthaler
Steam (film)	director	Kyle Schickner
The Idol of Paris	director	Leslie Arliss
Brick Lane (film)	director	Sarah Gavron
Mahaul Theek Hai	director	Jaspal Bhatti
I Care 4 U (DVD)	director	Hype Williams
I Care 4 U (DVD)	director	Director X
I Care 4 U (DVD)	director	Paul Hunter
I Care 4 U (DVD)	director	Wayne Isham
I Care 4 U (DVD)	director	Dave Meyers (director)
One of Us, One of Them	director	Sergio Mimica-Gezzan
Style (2001 film)	director	N. Chandra
Xcuse Me	director	N. Chandra
The American Mall	director	Shawn Ku
Cab Number 13	director	Mario Mattoli
Cab Number 13	director	Raoul André
Assunta Spina (1948 film)	director	Mario Mattoli
Signorinella	director	Mario Mattoli
The Firemen of Viggiù	director	Mario Mattoli
Adam and Eve (1949 film)	director	Mario Mattoli
Kraken: Tentacles of the Deep	director	Tibor Takács (director)
Totò Tarzan	director	Mario Mattoli
Laid to Rest (film)	director	Robert Green Hall
From Now On (film)	director	Catarina Ruivo
Time Adventure: Zeccho 5-byo Mae	director	Yōjirō Takita
Meet the People	director	Charles Reisner
Samba Traoré	director	Idrissa Ouedraogo
Kini and Adams	director	Idrissa Ouedraogo
Taking Woodstock	director	Ang Lee
Castle on the Hudson	director	Anatole Litvak
God on Trial	director	Andy de Emmony
Phoonk	director	Ram Gopal Varma
The Spanish Gardener (film)	director	Philip Leacock
Il vedovo allegro	director	Mario Mattoli
L'inafferrabile 12	director	Mario Mattoli
Totò sceicco	director	Mario Mattoli
Vendetta... sarda	director	Mario Mattoli
Institut des Sciences de l'Ingénieur de Toulon et du Var	director	2009
Institut des Sciences de l'Ingénieur de Toulon et du Var	director	1991
Toto the Third Man	director	Mario Mattoli
Il padrone del vapore	director	Mario Mattoli
Arrivano i nostri	director	Mario Mattoli
Late Last Night (film)	director	Steven Brill (scriptwriter)
My Heart Sings	director	Mario Mattoli
Five Paupers in an Automobile	director	Mario Mattoli
Neapolitan Turk	director	Mario Mattoli
Siamo tutti inquilini	director	Mario Mattoli
Funniest Show on Earth	director	Mario Mattoli
Two Nights with Cleopatra	director	Mario Mattoli
Totò cerca pace	director	Mario Mattoli
Il medico dei pazzi	director	Mario Mattoli
Itoshino Half Moon	director	Yōjirō Takita
Rachel Getting Married	director	Jonathan Demme
Poverty and Nobility	director	Mario Mattoli
L'ultimo amante	director	Mario Mattoli
Eighteen Year Olds	director	Mario Mattoli
I giorni più belli	director	Mario Mattoli
Peppino, le modelle e chella là	director	Mario Mattoli
Toto, Peppino and the Fanatics	director	Mario Mattoli
Move and I'll Shoot	director	Mario Mattoli
Lilla Jönssonligan och cornflakeskuppen	director	Christjan Wegner
A Place to Grow	director	Merlin Miller
Honeymoon Academy	director	Gene Quintano
The Perfect Age of Rock 'n' Roll	director	Scott Rosenbaum
The River Why (film)	director	Matthew Leutwyler
Love and Honor	director	Yoji Yamada
Tipi da spiaggia	director	Mario Mattoli
Prepotenti più di prima	director	Mario Mattoli
Non perdiamo la testa	director	Mario Mattoli
Guardatele ma non toccatele	director	Mario Mattoli
Signori si nasce	director	Mario Mattoli
Un mandarino per Teo	director	Mario Mattoli
Totò, Fabrizi e i giovani d'oggi	director	Mario Mattoli
Appuntamento a Ischia	director	Mario Mattoli
Hercules in the Valley of Woe	director	Mario Mattoli
Sua Eccellenza si fermò a mangiare	director	Mario Mattoli
Appuntamento in Riviera	director	Mario Mattoli
5 marines per 100 ragazze	director	Mario Mattoli
Obiettivo ragazze	director	Mario Mattoli
Corpse for the Lady	director	Mario Mattoli
For a Few Dollars Less	director	Mario Mattoli
Lilla Jönssonligan på styva linan	director	Christjan Wegner
Thalappavu	director	Madhupal
Lilla Jönssonligan på kollo	director	Christjan Wegner
The Firm (season 1)	director	Ng Ping Ho
The Redcastle Sessions (DVD)	director	Robin Bextor
Out in Fifty	director	Scott Leet
Evelyn Prentice	director	William K. Howard
We're Not in Kansas Anymore	director	Mark Piznarski
The Unguarded Hour	director	Sam Wood
Irene (1940 film)	director	Herbert Wilcox
Kiki (film)	director	Sam Taylor (director)
Trinity (TV series)	director	Colin Teague
Trinity (TV series)	director	Declan O'Dwyer (director)
Avrupalı	director	Ulaş Ak
The October Man	director	Roy Ward Baker
Six Degrees of Separation (film)	director	Fred Schepisi
Calvin Marshall	director	Gary Lundgren
The Halliday Brand	director	Joseph H. Lewis
Hamlet Goes Business	director	Aki Kaurismäki
Susana	director	Luis Buñuel
Hard, Fast and Beautiful	director	Ida Lupino
America America (1995 film)	director	Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar
The Heck with Hollywood!	director	Doug Block
Hello, Sister!	director	Alan Crosland
Hello, Sister!	director	Erich von Stroheim
Hello, Sister!	director	Raoul Walsh
Hello, Sister!	director	Alfred L. Werker
A Hen in the Wind	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Her Jungle Love	director	George Archainbaud
A Study in Scarlet (1933 film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
Sam (TV series)	director	Colin Cant
Sam (TV series)	director	Bill Podmore
Hiruko the Goblin	director	Shinya Tsukamoto
History Lessons	director	Straub-Huillet
History Lessons	director	Straub-Huillet
Horizons West	director	Budd Boetticher
Serving Two Masters (Private Practice)	director	Joanna Kerns
The Worst Journey in the World (docudrama)	director	Damon Thomas (television)
Hôtel des Invalides (film)	director	Georges Franju
Hôtel du Nord	director	Marcel Carné
The House on Trubnaya	director	Boris Barnet
Swarnakamalam	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
The Black Six	director	Matt Cimber
The Rear Guard	director	Hal Copper
A Place to Live	director	Irving Lerner
So You Think You Can Dance (U.S. TV series)	director	Nigel Lythgoe
So You Think You Can Dance (U.S. TV series)	director	Matthew Diamond
Gajibiji	director	P. Vasu
Kidnap (2008 film)	director	Sanjay Gadhvi
Tree of Knowledge (film)	director	Nils Malmros
Country Justice	director	Graeme Campbell
The Red Spot	director	Marie Miyayama
008: Operation Exterminate	director	Umberto Lenzi
Our Man in Jamaica	director	Ernst R. von Theumer
Test pilota Pirxa	director	Marek Piestrak
Agent 077 From the Orient with Fury	director	Sergio Grieco
Agent 077: Mission Bloody Mary	director	Sergio Grieco
Shelter (2010 film)	director	Måns Mårlind
The Collector of Bedford Street	director	Alice Elliott
I Am Self Sufficient	director	Nanni Moretti
Agent 3S3: Passport to Hell	director	Sergio Sollima
I Love Melvin	director	Don Weis
Agente S 03: Operazione Atlantide	director	Domenico Paolella
Shrek	director	Andrew Adamson
Shrek	director	Vicky Jenson
Secret Agent 777	director	Enrico Bomba
All'ombra di una colt	director	Giovanni Grimaldi as Gianni Grimaldi
Eye of the Widow	director	Andrew McLaglen
Sundo	director	Topel Lee
One Thousand Dollars on the Black	director	Alberto Cardone
Unbeatable Harold	director	Ari Palitz
Masada Live at Tonic 1999	director	Antonio Ferrara (film director)
Annychka	director	Borys Ivchenko
A Bookshelf on Top of the Sky: 12 Stories About John Zorn	director	Claudia Heuermann
Silver Bears (film)	director	Ivan Passer
The Turkish Gambit (film)	director	Janick Faiziev
Manina, the Girl in the Bikini	director	Willy Rozier
Pirates II: Stagnetti's Revenge	director	Joone (director)
The Fox and the Child	director	Luc Jacquet
The Top Bet	director	Jeffrey Lau
The Top Bet	director	Corey Yuen
Mallepuvvu	director	Samudra
In Celebration	director	Lindsay Anderson
Loft (2008 film)	director	Erik Van Looy
The Witch from Melchet Street	director	Dina Zvi-Riklis
Illustrious Corpses	director	Francesco Rosi
Benny's Bathtub	director	Jannik Hastrup
Benny's Bathtub	director	Flemming Quist Møller
The Immortal Heart	director	Veit Harlan
The Son of Dr. Jekyll	director	Seymour Friedman
In a Year of 13 Moons	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Sister Wife	director	Timna Goldstein
Harry & Son	director	Paul Newman
Garfield's Fun Fest	director	Mark A.Z. Dippé
Island of Roses: The Jews of Rhodes in Los Angeles	director	Gregori Viens
Dead Daughters	director	Pavel Ruminov
Skin and Bones (Fear Itself)	director	Larry Fessenden
Dimensions of Dialogue	director	Jan Švankmajer
That Royle Girl	director	D. W. Griffith
Heroic Duo	director	Benny Chan (film director)
Snow Country (film)	director	Shirō Toyoda
Highest Pressure	director	Enzo Trapani
Latin Lovers	director	Mario Costa
Agente X 1-7 operación Océano	director	Tanio Boccia
L'attore scomparso	director	Luigi Zampa
C'è sempre un ma!	director	Luigi Zampa
The Adventures of Fra Diavolo	director	Luigi Zampa
Signorinette	director	Luigi Zampa
L'abito nero da sposa	director	Luigi Zampa
A Yank in Rome	director	Luigi Zampa
Morning Light	director	Mark Monroe
Tisícročná včela	director	Juraj Jakubisko
Beauty and the Beast (1983 film)	director	Nils Malmros
Right to Die (Masters of Horror)	director	Rob Schmidt
Where There's Life	director	Sidney Lanfield
The Model and the Marriage Broker	director	George Cukor
Sabbath in Paradise	director	Claudia Heuermann
The Big I Am	director	Nic Auerbach
Picture Claire	director	Bruce McDonald (film director)
Jan Van Eyck Academie	director	Koen Brams
Saas Bahu Aur Sensex	director	Shona Urvashi
Meet Me in Las Vegas	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
The State Counsellor (film)	director	Filipp Yankovsky
Difficult Years	director	Luigi Zampa
Campane a martello	director	Luigi Zampa
Hazaar Chaurasi Ki Maa	director	Govind Nihalani
Children of Chance (1949 film)	director	Luigi Zampa
Mona Lisa (The Outer Limits)	director	Brad Turner (director)
The White Line	director	Luigi Zampa
Guy X	director	Saul Metzstein
Buck and the Preacher	director	Sidney Poitier
The Knickerbocker Buckaroo	director	Albert Parker (director)
Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian	director	Shawn Levy
There's Always a Woman	director	Alexander Hall
Third Finger, Left Hand	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Too Hot to Handle (1977 film)	director	Don Schain
The Guilt of Janet Ames	director	Henry Levin
Akbar Birbal Remixed	director	Siddharth Anand Kumar
Fast Company (1938 film)	director	Edward Buzzell
Doctor in Trouble	director	Ralph Thomas
Crooks Anonymous	director	Ken Annakin
Not Now, Darling (film)	director	Ray Cooney
Not Now, Darling (film)	director	David Croft (TV producer)
Not Now, Comrade	director	Ray Cooney
Beneath Still Waters	director	Brian Yuzna
Neninthe	director	Puri Jagannadh
The Forty-First (1956 film)	director	Grigori Chukhrai
Dil Bole Hadippa!	director	Anurag Singh
Pandorum	director	Christian Alvart
Queens of Langkasuka	director	Nonzee Nimibutr
Maan Gaye Mughal-e-Azam	director	Sanjay Chhel
Se le movió el piso: A portrait of Managua	director	Anne Aghion
Omega Cop	director	Paul Kyriazi
Call Her Savage	director	John Francis Dillon (director)
Payment Deferred (film)	director	Lothar Mendes
Gun Crazy 2: Beyond the Law	director	Atsushi Muroga
Gun Crazy: A Woman from Nowhere	director	Atsushi Muroga
Honour Me	director	Alex Tweddle
Nuclear Secrets	director	Chris Bould
Rome-Paris-Rome	director	Luigi Zampa
His Last Twelve Hours	director	Luigi Zampa
The City Stands Trial	director	Luigi Zampa
Easy Years	director	Luigi Zampa
Of Life and Love	director	Aldo Fabrizi
Of Life and Love	director	Giorgio Pastina
Of Life and Love	director	Mario Soldati
Of Life and Love	director	Luigi Zampa
The Magnet (film)	director	Charles Frend
Woman of Rome	director	Luigi Zampa
Who Done It? (1956 film)	director	Basil Dearden
Another Shore	director	Charles Crichton
Girls of Today	director	Luigi Zampa
The Art of Getting Along	director	Luigi Zampa
Ladro lui, ladra lei	director	Luigi Zampa
Shivers in Summer	director	Luigi Zampa
Heroes and Villains (TV series)	director	Andrew Grieve
Now or Never (film)	director	Hal Roach
Now or Never (film)	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Whatever Works	director	Woody Allen
Esther (film)	director	Amos Gitai
Secrets and Lies (30 Rock)	director	Michael Engler
Chanti (film)	director	Sobhan
The Adventures of Picasso	director	Tage Danielsson
La Fiebre del Loco	director	Andrés Wood
Martial Law (1991 film)	director	Steve Cohen
Martial Law 2: Undercover	director	Kurt Andersen
I nostri mariti	director	Luigi Filippo D'Amico
I nostri mariti	director	Dino Risi
I nostri mariti	director	Luigi Zampa
Be Sick... It's Free	director	Luigi Zampa
Crisis (1950 film)	director	Richard Brooks
Anyone Can Play	director	Luigi Zampa
Let's Have a Riot	director	Luigi Zampa
A Girl in Australia	director	Luigi Zampa
The Midnight Story	director	Joseph Pevney
Hospitals: The White Mafia	director	Luigi Zampa
The Big Circus	director	Joseph M. Newman
The Flower in His Mouth	director	Luigi Zampa
Il mostro (1977 film)	director	Luigi Zampa
Tigers in Lipstick	director	Luigi Zampa
Equal and Opposite (Private Practice)	director	Tom Verica
Franklyn	director	Gerald McMorrow
The Family That Preys	director	Tyler Perry
Once Around	director	Lasse Hallström
Islands in the Stream (film)	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
The Big Cube	director	Tito Davison
Confessional (film)	director	Jerrold Tarog
Confessional (film)	director	Ruel Dahis Antipuesto
Warriors of the Year 2072	director	Lucio Fulci
Emīla nedarbi	director	Varis Brasla
A Complete History of My Sexual Failures	director	Chris Waitt
Into the Blue 2: The Reef	director	Stephen Herek
The Farm: Angola, USA	director	Liz Garbus
The Farm: Angola, USA	director	Wilbert Rideau
The Farm: Angola, USA	director	Jonathan Stack
Aniathipravu	director	Fazil
Drifting (1983 film)	director	Amos Guttman
Peacock (2010 film)	director	Michael Lander
Not Cancer	director	David Straiton
Yatrik	director	Kartick Chatterjee
Daft Planet	director	Jon Minnis
Art of the Devil 3	director	Kongkiat Khomsiri
The Kovak Box	director	Daniel Monzón
The Heart of the Bear	director	Arvo Iho
Colonel Blood (film)	director	W. P. Lipscomb
We Married Margo	director	J. David Shapiro
Watch Out (film)	director	Steve Balderson
À bientôt, j'espère	director	Chris Marker
À bientôt, j'espère	director	Mario Marret
Homecoming (Masters of Horror)	director	Joe Dante
Soulboy (film)	director	Shimmy Marcus
The Chimp (2001 film)	director	Aktan Abdykalykov
In the Bosom of the Enemy	director	Gil Portes
Quo Vadis (2001 film)	director	Jerzy Kawalerowicz
The Romanovs: An Imperial Family	director	Gleb Panfilov
Cleveland (30 Rock)	director	Paul Feig
As Time Goes By (M*A*S*H)	director	Burt Metcalfe
Ice Blues	director	Ron Oliver
Summer Hours	director	Olivier Assayas
Saint Seiya Heaven Chapter: Overture	director	Shigeyasu Yamauchi
Because You Left	director	Stephen Williams (director)
The Blair Witch Project	director	Daniel Myrick
The Blair Witch Project	director	Eduardo Sánchez
The Genius of Charles Darwin	director	Russell Barnes
The Genius of Charles Darwin	director	Dan Hillman
80 Blocks From Tiffany's	director	Gary Weis
Juha	director	Aki Kaurismäki
Nakshathrathaarattu	director	K. Shankar
Forever Amber (film)	director	Otto Preminger
Mayilpeelikkavu	director	Anil
Die Feuerzangenbowle (1944 film)	director	Helmut Weiss
Die Feuerzangenbowle (1970 film)	director	Helmut Käutner
Nativity! (film)	director	Debbie Isitt
Maya Machhindra    1	director	P. Pullaiah
Dakshayagnam (film)	director	Kadaru Nagabhushanam
Iru Sahodarargal	director	Ellis R. Dungan
Dhaasippen	director	Ellis R. Dungan
Koondukkili	director	T. R. Ramanna
Sarvadhikari (film)	director	T. R. Sundaram
En Thangai	director	Chitrapu Narayana Rao
Andhaman Kaidhi	director	V. Krishnan
Alibabavum Narpadhu Thirudargalum (1956 film)	director	T. R. Sundaram
Malaikkallan	director	S. M. Sriramulu Naidu
Pudhumai Pithan	director	T. R. Ramanna
Nadodi Mannan	director	M. G. Ramachandran
Chakravarthi Thirumagal	director	P. Neelakantan
Thaaikkuppin Thaaram	director	M. A. Thirumugam
1920 (film)	director	Vikram Bhatt
The Awful Truth (1929 film)	director	Marshall Neilan
Among Those Present	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Rambo (film)	director	Sylvester Stallone
Divergence (film)	director	Benny Chan (film director)
Guyana: Crime of the Century	director	René Cardona Jr.
Riot (1997 film)	director	Galen Yuen
Riot (1997 film)	director	Alex Munoz
Riot (1997 film)	director	The Longest Cocktail Party
Riot (1997 film)	director	David C. Johnson
Crime of the Century (1946 film)	director	Philip Ford (film director)
The Crime of the Century (1933 film)	director	William Beaudine
Kansas City Bomber	director	Jerrold Freedman
Unholy Rollers	director	Vernon Zimmerman
Badhaai Ho Badhaai	director	Satish Kaushik
French Without Tears (film)	director	Anthony Asquith
Ljubav i drugi zločini	director	Stefan Arsenijević
Center for International Development at Harvard University	director	Ricardo Hausmann
The Outsider (2002 film)	director	Randa Haines
Pot o' Gold	director	George Marshall (director)
Scruff (TV series)	director	Antoni D'Ocon
Göta kanal eller Vem drog ur proppen?	director	Hans Iveberg
Turn Back the Clock (film)	director	Edgar Selwyn
Impatient Maiden	director	James Whale
Tkaronto	director	Shane Belcourt
Little Lili	director	Claude Miller
For the First Time (2008 film)	director	Joyce E. Bernal
Dragonworld	director	Ted Nicolaou
Jaws (franchise)	director	Steven Spielberg
Jaws (franchise)	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Jaws (franchise)	director	Joe Alves
Jaws (franchise)	director	Joseph Sargent
Anita O'Day: The Life of a Jazz Singer	director	Robbie Cavolina
Anita O'Day: The Life of a Jazz Singer	director	Ian McCrudden
A Girl Cut in Two	director	Claude Chabrol
Bomb Harvest	director	Kim Mordaunt
They Nest (film)	director	Ellory Elkayem
Lilo & Stitch (film series)	director	Dean DeBlois
Lilo & Stitch (film series)	director	Tony Leondis
Ara (film)	director	Ümit Ünal
The Long Arm (film)	director	Charles Frend
Pool of London (film)	director	Basil Dearden
Adventures of a Taxi Driver	director	Stanley Long
Adventures of a Private Eye	director	Stanley Long
Best (film)	director	Mary McGuckian
Scylla (Prison Break episode)	director	Kevin Hooks
Strange Love (True Blood)	director	Alan Ball (screenwriter)
An Elephant Called Slowly	director	James Hill (British director)
The Likely Lads (film)	director	Michael Tuchner
The Captain Hates the Sea	director	Lewis Milestone
Flame & Citron	director	Ole Christian Madsen
Unruled Paper (film)	director	Nasser Taghvai
Aakhri Goli	director	Shibu Mitra
Abhi To Jee Lein	director	Roshan Taneja
Forbidden Cargo (1954 film)	director	Harold French
Vote for Huggett	director	Ken Annakin
The Huggetts Abroad	director	Ken Annakin
P.U.N.K.S.	director	Sean McNamara (director)
Lucky Lady	director	Stanley Donen
Fuzz (film)	director	Richard A. Colla
Drake's Venture	director	Lawrence Gordon Clark
Valentino: The Last Emperor	director	Matt Tyrnauer
Arvind Desai Ki Ajeeb Dastaan	director	Saeed Akhtar Mirza
Red Riding Hood (1989 film)	director	Adam Brooks
Shamus (film)	director	Buzz Kulik
The Long Duel	director	Ken Annakin
Fireworks (30 Rock)	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Past Tense (Private Practice)	director	Michael Pressman
Let It Go (Private Practice)	director	Michael Zinberg
Nobody Runs Forever	director	Ralph Thomas
Inju: The Beast in the Shadow	director	Barbet Schroeder
Anything for Love (1993 film)	director	Michael Keusch
LaMB	director	Ryōsuke Tei
Yesteryou, Yesterme, Yesterday	director	Samson Chiu
J'accuse! (1938 film)	director	Abel Gance
J. W. Coop	director	Cliff Robertson
Jewel Robbery	director	William Dieterle
JLG/JLG – Self-Portrait in December	director	Jean-Luc Godard
The Butterfly Effect (Heroes)	director	Greg Beeman
Kaos (film)	director	Paolo and Vittorio Taviani
The Killer Is Loose	director	Budd Boetticher
King Lear (1971 UK film)	director	Peter Brook
King of the Children	director	Chen Kaige
Knife in the Head	director	Reinhard Hauff
Jism (2006 film)	director	Rasheed Dogar
King of Alcatraz	director	Robert Florey
14 Going on 30	director	Paul Schneider (director)
Buscando a Miguel	director	Juan Fisher
The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter (film)	director	Robert Ellis Miller
Escape from Broadmoor	director	John Gilling
Hellzapoppin' (film)	director	H. C. Potter
A High Wind in Jamaica (film)	director	Alexander Mackendrick
Brief Encounter (1974 film)	director	Alan Bridges
Bungles	director	Marcel Perez
Make Mine a Million	director	Lance Comfort
Venetian Bird	director	Ralph Thomas
Arumugam (film)	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
The Galloping Major (film)	director	Henry Cornelius
Escape by Night (1953 film)	director	John Gilling
Seagulls Over Sorrento	director	Boulting brothers
Seagulls Over Sorrento	director	Boulting brothers
Campbell's Kingdom	director	Ralph Thomas
Interpol (1957 film)	director	John Gilling
Paper Orchid	director	Roy Ward Baker
Talk of a Million	director	John Paddy Carstairs
The Square Ring	director	Basil Dearden
Boys in Brown	director	Montgomery Tully
Holiday Camp (film)	director	Ken Annakin
Train of Events	director	Sidney Cole
Train of Events	director	Charles Crichton
Train of Events	director	Basil Dearden
Climbing High	director	Carol Reed
Star in the Dust	director	Charles F. Haas
The Closet (2007 film)	director	Kin-Nam Cho
Over 21	director	Charles Vidor
MTV Movie Awards Reloaded	director	Joel Gallen
The Messenger (2009 film)	director	Oren Moverman
Rime of the Ancient Mariner (1975 film)	director	Raúl daSilva
Rime of the Ancient Mariner (1975 film)	director	Michael Twaine
Assignment K	director	Val Guest
Ten Seconds to Hell	director	Robert Aldrich
Toomorrow (film)	director	Val Guest
Atlantic Ferry	director	Walter Forde
Make Mine Mink	director	Robert Asher
Yesterday's Enemy	director	Val Guest
The Crowded Day	director	John Guillermin
RR (film)	director	James Benning (film director)
Yeh Hai Mumbai Meri Jaan	director	Mahesh Bhatt
The Tall Headlines	director	Terence Young (director)
Gone Fishing (film)	director	Chris Jones (filmmaker)
How the Garcia Girls Spent Their Summer	director	Georgina Riedel
Ludachristmas	director	Don Scardino
Savages (Law & Order)	director	Jace Alexander
The Masked Bride	director	Christy Cabanne
The Masked Bride	director	Josef von Sternberg
Who Will Love My Children?	director	John Erman
Honeymoon (1959 film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
Tower of the Firstborn	director	Alberto Negrin
My Mom's New Boyfriend	director	George Gallo
O' Horten	director	Bent Hamer
The Other Side of Midnight (film)	director	Charles Jarrott
Koyaanisqatsi	director	Godfrey Reggio
Thunder Rock (film)	director	Boulting brothers
Shrink (film)	director	Jonas Pate
Are You Listening? (film)	director	Harry Beaumont
Flesh and the Spur	director	Edward L. Cahn
Fast Life (film)	director	Harry A. Pollard
Skyscraper Souls	director	Edgar Selwyn
Thiruvannamalai (film)	director	Perarasu
The Elm-Chanted Forest	director	Milan Blažeković
Relentless (1989 film)	director	William Lustig
The Human Comedy (film)	director	Clarence Brown
Last Rites (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Tom DiCillo
A Place to Go	director	Basil Dearden
The Kid From Borneo	director	Robert F. McGowan
Orders Are Orders	director	David Paltenghi
Orders Is Orders	director	Walter Forde
Rebels (Law & Order)	director	Ed Sherin
The Legion of the Condemned	director	William A. Wellman
Ballets Russes (film)	director	Dayna Goldfine
Ballets Russes (film)	director	Dan Geller
Chino (film)	director	John Sturges
Chino (film)	director	Duilio Coletti
Public Service Homicide	director	Constantine Mackris
The Locked Door	director	George Fitzmaurice
Night Terrors (film)	director	Tobe Hooper
The Master Touch	director	Michele Lupo
Striptease (film)	director	Andrew Bergman
The Killing Phone	director	Sok Sameth
Edge of Darkness (2010 film)	director	Martin Campbell
The Buddy System (film)	director	Glenn Jordan
Between Love and Hate (1993 film)	director	Rod Hardy
Football Under Cover	director	David Assmann
Football Under Cover	director	Ayat Najafi
Apocalypse Now	director	Francis Ford Coppola
It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World	director	Stanley Kramer
Kinoautomat	director	Radúz Činčera
Kinoautomat	director	Ján Roháč
Kinoautomat	director	Vladimír Svitáček
Yes Man (film)	director	Peyton Reed
Lady Godiva of Coventry	director	Arthur Lubin
Destroyer (1943 film)	director	William A. Seiter
Shopworn	director	Nick Grinde
Nasaan Ka Man	director	Cholo Laurel
Helix (film)	director	Aram Rappaport
Amarilly of Clothes-Line Alley	director	Marshall Neilan
Little Annie Rooney (film)	director	William Beaudine
C Kkompany	director	Sachin Yardi
Stella Maris (1918 film)	director	Marshall Neilan
Stella Maris (1925 film)	director	Charles Brabin
Lymelife	director	Derick Martini
Love Me and the World Is Mine	director	Ewald André Dupont
Through the Back Door	director	Alfred E. Green
Through the Back Door	director	Jack Pickford
Hoodoo Ann	director	Lloyd Ingraham
The Berlin Affair	director	Liliana Cavani
The Cartier Affair	director	Rod Holcomb
The Cup (TV series)	director	Matt Lipsey
No My Darling Daughter	director	Ralph Thomas
Riot (film)	director	Buzz Kulik
Paranoia (Law & Order)	director	Fred Gerber
Employees' Entrance	director	Roy Del Ruth
From Beyond the Grave	director	Kevin Connor (director)
The Apartment Complex	director	Tobe Hooper
Lady in a Cage	director	Walter Grauman
Neelakuyil	director	P. Bhaskaran
Neelakuyil	director	Ramu Kariat
Duniya Na Mane	director	V. Shantaram
Heart o' the Hills	director	Joe De Grasse
Heart o' the Hills	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
Tomorrow We Live (1943 film)	director	George King (film director)
Morning in the Streets	director	Denis Mitchell (filmmaker)
M'Liss (1918 film)	director	Marshall Neilan
Cinderella (1914 film)	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
Rang Rasiya	director	Ketan Mehta
1990: The Bronx Warriors	director	Enzo G. Castellari
Torrents of Spring (film)	director	Jerzy Skolimowski
Good-Time Girl	director	David MacDonald (director)
Storm Over the Nile	director	Zoltan Korda
Storm Over the Nile	director	Terence Young (director)
All You Need Is Love: The Story of Popular Music	director	Tony Palmer
Mutual Friends	director	Jim O'Hanlon
The Canary Murder Case (film)	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
The Canary Murder Case (film)	director	Frank Tuttle
G.I. Joe: Resolute	director	Joaquim Dos Santos
Madame Butterfly (1915 film)	director	Sidney Olcott
44 Inch Chest	director	Malcolm Venville
Betrayed (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Michael Smith (director)
A Case of Murder (film)	director	Clive Morris
Herzog Blaubarts Burg	director	Michael Powell (director)
Smith (film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Queen's Guards	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Real Shaolin	director	Alexander Sebastien Lee
Annoyed (film)	director	Tim Pek
The Fighting Temptations	director	Jonathan Lynn
A Yank in Ermine	director	Gordon Parry (film director)
Upstairs and Downstairs	director	Ralph Thomas
Breaking the Silence: Truth and Lies in the War on Terror	director	John Pilger
Breaking & Entering (Prison Break)	director	Bobby Roth
Peter Kay's Britain's Got the Pop Factor... and Possibly a New Celebrity Jesus Christ Soapstar Superstar Strictly on Ice	director	Peter Kay
Keinohrhasen	director	Til Schweiger
Hijack (film)	director	Kunal Shivdasani
The Sorcerer's Apprentice (1955 film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
A Police Inspector Accuses	director	Sergiu Nicolaescu
Separate Tables (film)	director	Delbert Mann
Onks' Viljoo näkyny?	director	Hannu Seikkula
The Foundling (1916 film)	director	John B. O'Brien
The Foundling (1915 film)	director	John B. O'Brien
You Got Me! (film)	director	Cathy Garcia Molina
Habang May Buhay	director	Wenn V. Deramas
Lazybones (film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Lacemaker	director	Claude Goretta
Lady Killer (1937 film)	director	Jean Grémillon
Landscape After the Battle	director	Andrzej Wajda
The Last Bolshevik	director	Chris Marker
Last Chants for a Slow Dance	director	Jon Jost
Late August, Early September	director	Olivier Assayas
Laws of Gravity	director	Nick Gomez
Leaves from Satan's Book	director	Carl Theodor Dreyer
Level Five (film)	director	Chris Marker
Jump! (film)	director	Joshua Sinclair
5 Steps to Danger	director	Henry S. Kesler
Life Somewhere Else	director	Walter Salles
Lili Marleen (film)	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Little Man, What Now? (film)	director	Frank Borzage
The Long Day's Dying	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
Love at Large	director	Alan Rudolph
The Marsh (film)	director	Jordan Barker
Girl Crazy (1943 film)	director	Norman Taurog
Girl Crazy (1943 film)	director	Busby Berkeley
Purani Haveli (film)	director	Shyam Ramsay
Purani Haveli (film)	director	Tulsi Ramsay
Girl Crazy (1932 film)	director	William A. Seiter
Gas (film)	director	Henry Chan
Two Girls and a Sailor	director	Richard Thorpe
Whistling in Brooklyn	director	S. Sylvan Simon
Antichrist (film)	director	Lars von Trier
Achilles and the Tortoise (film)	director	Takeshi Kitano
Nevada (1997 film)	director	Gary Tieche
Dorothy Vernon of Haddon Hall (film)	director	Marshall Neilan
The Arizona Kid	director	Joseph Kane
A Yiddish World Remembered	director	Andrew Goldberg (director)
Mahabharat (1965 film)	director	Babubhai Mistry
Mawaali	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
Forever Activists	director	Connie Field
Treasure Island (1977 television series)	director	Michael E Briant
Manuelita (film)	director	Manuel García Ferré
Poor Little Peppina	director	Sidney Olcott
The Eternal Grind	director	John B. O'Brien
Hearts Adrift	director	Edwin Stanton Porter
Red Dust (1999 film)	director	Zrinko Ogresta
Immigrants (1948 film)	director	Aldo Fabrizi
Christmas at Camp 119	director	Pietro Francisci
Trucks (film)	director	Chris Thomson
Around the Pink House	director	Joana Hadjithomas
Around the Pink House	director	Khalil Joreige
No One Writes to the Colonel (film)	director	Arturo Ripstein
Phantom Punch (film)	director	Robert Townsend (actor)
Scratches in the Table	director	Ineke Houtman
Children of Jerusalem: Yehuda	director	Beverly Shaffer
Red Tails	director	Anthony Hemingway
All My Loved Ones	director	Matej Mináč
Desmundo	director	Alain Fresnot
Meet the Browns (TV series)	director	Tyler Perry
Meet the Browns (TV series)	director	Kim Fields
Meet the Browns (TV series)	director	Alfonso Ribeiro
Meet the Browns (TV series)	director	Chip Fields
Meet the Browns (TV series)	director	Roger M. Bobb
Pan Tadeusz (film)	director	Andrzej Wajda
Perfect Understanding	director	Cyril Gardner
Vishwavidhaata	director	Farogh Siddique
Please Turn Over	director	Gerald Thomas
Fame is the Spur (film)	director	Boulting brothers
A Window in London	director	Herbert Mason
Jeannie (film)	director	Harold French
Moloch (film)	director	Alexander Sokurov
Uncle Vanya (1963 film)	director	Stuart Burge
Is Your Honeymoon Really Necessary?	director	Maurice Elvey
March of Happiness	director	Lin Cheng-sheng
Afsporet	director	Bodil Ipsen
The Girl in the Crowd	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Love Test	director	Michael Powell (director)
All at Sea (1935 film)	director	Anthony Kimmins
Accused (film)	director	Thornton Freeland
The Little Drummer Girl (film)	director	George Roy Hill
Ngain Nghon (My Fate)	director	Mr. Bhoj Bahadur Gurung
Besættelse	director	Bodil Ipsen
Two Crowded Hours	director	Michael Powell (director)
Alias Nick Beal	director	John Farrow
Hey Boy (film)	director	Luigi Comencini
The Forbidden Quest	director	Peter Delpeut
Caiçara (film)	director	Adolfo Celi
Caiçara (film)	director	Tom Payne (director)
Caiçara (film)	director	John Waterhouse (director)
Sandokan the Great (film)	director	Umberto Lenzi
Three Nights of Love	director	Renato Castellani
Three Nights of Love	director	Luigi Comencini
Three Nights of Love	director	Franco Rossi
Edith's Shopping Bag	director	Laurel Douglas
Edith's Shopping Bag	director	Peter Koper
Edith's Shopping Bag	director	Charlie Ludlow
Pink String and Sealing Wax	director	Robert Hamer
Une liaison pornographique	director	Frédéric Fonteyne
Derby Day (1952 film)	director	Herbert Wilcox
Action for Slander	director	Tim Whelan
The Loves of Joanna Godden	director	Charles Frend
The Red Meadows	director	Bodil Ipsen
The Red Meadows	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
My Zinc Bed (television film)	director	Anthony Page
Cicakman 2 – Planet Hitam	director	KRU
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas (film)	director	Mark Herman
Keïta! l'Héritage du griot	director	Dani Kouyaté
Harry and Walter Go to New York	director	Mark Rydell
How to Find the Ideal	director	Vera Yakovenko
Doctors' Wives (1971 film)	director	George Schaefer (director)
Le belle famiglie	director	Ugo Gregoretti
A Man Named John	director	Ermanno Olmi
Slalom (film)	director	Luciano Salce
Listen to Britain	director	Humphrey Jennings
Listen to Britain	director	Stewart McAllister
The Collection (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
La mala ordina	director	Fernando Di Leo
Fragment of Fear	director	Richard C. Sarafian
Goldie Gets Along	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
Ananda Bhairavi (Telugu film)	director	Jandhyala Subramanya Sastry
It All Goes to Show	director	Francis Searle
Her Wild Oat	director	Marshall Neilan
Okraina (1933 film)	director	Boris Barnet
The Firefly (film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
A Wednesday!	director	Neeraj Pandey
Go to Blazes (1962 film)	director	Michael Truman
Crime on a Summer Morning	director	Jacques Deray
Pleasant Nights	director	Armando Crispino
Pleasant Nights	director	Luciano Lucignani
El Greco (1966 film)	director	Luciano Salce
Yankee (film)	director	Tinto Brass
Target for Killing	director	Manfred R. Köhler
Oliver Twist (1933 film)	director	William J. Cowen
Dum Kaata	director	Amol Palekar
Funny People	director	Judd Apatow
IKE Group	director	Bengt-Åke Lundvall
Reluctant Bride	director	Henry Cass
Where the Spies Are	director	Val Guest
Jigsaw (1962 film)	director	Val Guest
The Beauty Jungle	director	Val Guest
Saraba Kamen Rider Den-O: Final Countdown	director	Osamu Kaneda
Raising the Wind (1961 film)	director	Gerald Thomas
Time Gentlemen, Please!	director	Lewis Gilbert
Arn – The Kingdom at Road's End	director	Peter Flinth
Watch Your Stern	director	Gerald Thomas
Desert Mice	director	Michael Relph
The Uninhibited	director	Juan Antonio Bardem
The Road Back (film)	director	James Whale
The Marrying Man	director	Jerry Rees
Forever, Lulu	director	Amos Kollek
Ka Kee	director	Nerramitr
You're Gonna Love Tomorrow	director	Larry Shaw (director)
A Waste of Shame	director	John McKay (director)
Noah's Ark (2007 film)	director	Juan Pablo Buscarini
Wallis and Edward	director	Dave Moore (director)
Kira's Reason: A Love Story	director	Ole Christian Madsen
Traces of Stones	director	Frank Beyer
Fantabulous Inc.	director	Sergio Spina
Dirty Heroes	director	Alberto De Martino
Master Stroke	director	Michele Lupo
M'Liss (1936 film)	director	George Nichols Jr.
Death Sentence (1968 film)	director	Mario Lanfranchi
Seven Times Seven	director	Michele Lupo
The Miracle of Father Malachia	director	Bernhard Wicki
Hunting Scenes From Bavaria	director	Peter Fleischmann
Man Under Suspicion	director	Norbert Kückelmann
One or the Other of Us	director	Wolfgang Petersen
Yasemin	director	Hark Bohm
New York (film)	director	Kabir Khan (director)
The Third (film)	director	Egon Günther
It (1966 film)	director	Ulrich Schamoni
Tattoo (1967 film)	director	Johannes Schaaf
O.k. (film)	director	Michael Verhoeven
Il Boss	director	Fernando Di Leo
Unknown Sender	director	Steven E. de Souza
Dead Space: Downfall	director	Chuck Patton
The Castle (1968 film)	director	Rudolf Noelte
Trotta (film)	director	Johannes Schaaf
The Cock-Eyed World	director	Raoul Walsh
Spider's Web (film)	director	Bernhard Wicki
The Last Time (film)	director	Michael Caleo
Awaaz	director	Shakti Samanta
The Fifth Corner	director	John Herzfeld
Anything Goes (1956 film)	director	Robert Lewis (actor)
It's Your Move (1969 film)	director	Robert Fiz
10 Rillington Place	director	Richard Fleischer
Alibi (1969 film)	director	Adolfo Celi
Alibi (1969 film)	director	Vittorio Gassman
Alibi (1969 film)	director	Luciano Lucignani
Midas Run	director	Alf Kjellin
Detective Belli	director	Romolo Guerrieri
That's Adequate	director	Harry Hurwitz
Against the Wall (film)	director	John Frankenheimer
Sikandar (2009 film)	director	Piyush Jha
Sorority House (1939 film)	director	John Farrow
Girls' School (film)	director	John Brahm
Barbara (film)	director	Nils Malmros
Mama, I'm Alive	director	Konrad Wolf
The Turning Point (1983 film)	director	Frank Beyer
A Man for Emmanuelle	director	Cesare Canevari
The Archangel	director	Giorgio Capitani
Death Knocks Twice	director	Harald Philipp
In Search of Gregory	director	Peter Wood (director)
Rendezvous with Dishonour	director	Adriano Bolzoni
Mother Carey's Chickens (film)	director	Rowland V. Lee
The Navy Lark (film)	director	Gordon Parry (film director)
The Life & Times of Tim	director	Steve Dildarian
Au Pair Girls	director	Val Guest
Crooks and Coronets	director	Jim O'Connolly
If You Could Only Cook	director	William A. Seiter
Testimony of Evil (Dead Men Don't Laugh)	director	Joe Dante
C'est pas moi, je le jure! (film)	director	Philippe Falardeau
Baharo Phool Barsao (1972 film)	director	Mehmood Sadiq
Yatterman (film)	director	Takashi Miike
Remembrance (short film)	director	Stephanie Morgenstern
Curtains (short film)	director	Stephanie Morgenstern
Curtains (short film)	director	Mark Morgenstern
Shooter (short film)	director	Mark Morgenstern
You Shoot, I Shoot	director	Pang Ho-cheung
The Cop	director	Yves Boisset
They Have Changed Their Face	director	Corrado Farina
Una chica casi decente	director	Germán Lorente
Who Saw Her Die?	director	Aldo Lado
1931: Once Upon a Time in New York	director	Luigi Vanzi
Eye in the Labyrinth	director	Mario Caiano
One Day in the Life of Andrei Arsenevich	director	Chris Marker
Pardonnez-moi	director	Maïwenn Le Besco
Who Killed the Prosecutor and Why?	director	Giuseppe Vari
Naked Girl Killed in the Park	director	Alfonso Brescia
Long Arm of the Godfather	director	Nardo Bonomi
Libera, My Love	director	Mauro Bolognini
Le mataf	director	Serge Leroy
Black Holiday	director	Marco Leto
The Rescue (1929 film)	director	Herbert Brenon
The Devil Is a Woman (1974 film)	director	Damiano Damiani
Letter from an Unknown Woman (1948 film)	director	Max Ophüls
The Balloon Vendor	director	Mario Gariazzo
Febbre da cavallo	director	Stefano Vanzina
Pure as a Lily	director	Franco Rossi
L'affittacamere	director	Mariano Laurenti
Live Like a Cop, Die Like a Man	director	Ruggero Deodato
Confessions of a Frustrated Housewife	director	Andrea Bianchi
The Big Operator	director	Claude Pinoteau
Merciless Man	director	Mario Lanfranchi
Stars and Bars (film)	director	Pat O'Connor (director)
Volumen (DVD)	director	Michel Gondry
Volumen (DVD)	director	Sophie Muller
Volumen (DVD)	director	Danny Cannon
Volumen (DVD)	director	Stéphane Sednaoui
Volumen (DVD)	director	Jean-Baptiste Mondino
Volumen (DVD)	director	Spike Jonze
Volumen (DVD)	director	John Kricfalusi
Volumen (DVD)	director	Paul White
Volumen Plus	director	Alexander McQueen
Volumen Plus	director	Chris Cunningham
Volumen Plus	director	Eiko Ishioka
Lorna Doone (2001 film)	director	Mike Barker (film director)
Quest (1996 film)	director	Tyron Montgomery
Michael Nyman for Yohji Yamamoto	director	Nobuyuki Takahashi
Sherlock Holmes (1922 film)	director	Albert Parker
Fireman, Save My Child	director	A. Edward Sutherland
A Lost Lady (film)	director	Alfred E. Green
A Lost Lady (film)	director	Phil Rosen
Chirodini Tumi Je Amar	director	Raj Chakraborty
Ankuram	director	Umamaheswara Rao. C
Best Wishes for Tomorrow	director	Takashi Koizumi
Money No Enough 2	director	Jack Neo
People Meet and Sweet Music Fills the Heart	director	Henning Carlsen
Blind Date (1959 film)	director	Joseph Losey
The Norman Rockwell Code	director	Alfred Thomas Catalfo
A Quiet Day in Belfast	director	Milad Bessada
The President's Mistress	director	John Llewellyn Moxey
Pane, burro e marmellata	director	Giorgio Capitani
The Passengers (1977 film)	director	Serge Leroy
Holocaust 2000	director	Alberto De Martino
Spring (film)	director	Arvo Kruusement
La tigre è ancora viva: Sandokan alla riscossa!	director	Sergio Sollima
The Nightcomers	director	Michael Winner
Professor Kranz tedesco di Germania	director	Luciano Salce
The Cold Room	director	James Dearden
Charley One-Eye	director	Don Chaffey
The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency episodes (season 4)	director	Troll 2
Victory (1919 film)	director	Maurice Tourneur
Summer Days with Coo	director	Keiichi Hara
Final Yamato	director	Tomoharu Katsumata
Yamato: The New Voyage	director	Leiji Matsumoto
Farewell to Space Battleship Yamato	director	Leiji Matsumoto
Farewell to Space Battleship Yamato	director	Toshio Masuda
Cave of Echoes	director	Gus Trikonis
Space Battleship Yamato (1977 film)	director	Leiji Matsumoto
True North (Law & Order)	director	Arthur W. Forney
Premer Kahini	director	Rabi Kinagi
Chalo Let's Go	director	Anjan Dutta
Bor Asbe Ekhuni	director	Rangan Chakraborty
Love (2008 Bengali film)	director	Riingo Banerjee
Dougal and the Blue Cat	director	Serge Danot
Gelegenheitsarbeit einer Sklavin	director	Alexander Kluge
The Monkey King: Quest for the Sutra	director	Fung Pak Yuen
The Monkey King: Quest for the Sutra	director	Wong Wai Man
Give Me a Ring Sometime	director	James Burrows
Import Export	director	Ulrich Seidl
Exit Speed	director	Scott Ziehl
Comeback (film)	director	Christel Buschmann
Le braghe del padrone	director	Flavio Mogherini
Goodnight, Ladies and Gentlemen	director	Luigi Comencini
Goodnight, Ladies and Gentlemen	director	Nanni Loy
Goodnight, Ladies and Gentlemen	director	Luigi Magni
Goodnight, Ladies and Gentlemen	director	Mario Monicelli
Goodnight, Ladies and Gentlemen	director	Ettore Scola
The Perfect Crime (film)	director	Giuseppe Rosati
Shut Down (Prison Break)	director	Milan Cheylov
Eagles & Angels (Prison Break)	director	Michael Switzer
National Lampoon's Van Wilder: Freshman Year	director	Harvey Glazer
The Pool (2007 film)	director	Chris Smith (filmmaker)
Silent Night, Bloody Night	director	Theodore Gershuny
Surrender Dorothy (Law & Order)	director	Martha Mitchell (director)
Pleasures	director	Sharron Miller
Fame (Law & Order)	director	Jean de Segonzac
A Woman's Vengeance	director	Zoltan Korda
Veruthe Oru Bharya	director	Akku Akbar
White Night Wedding	director	Baltasar Kormákur
Le clan des siciliens	director	Henri Verneuil
Chain of Events	director	Gerald Thomas
Weekend at Dunkirk	director	Henri Verneuil
You Know What Sailors Are (1954 film)	director	Ken Annakin
No Kidding (film)	director	Gerald Thomas
Frame (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Norberto Barba
Beautiful Stranger (film)	director	David Miller (director)
The Creature of the Sunny Side Up Trailer Park	director	Christopher Coppola
Café Express (film)	director	Nanni Loy
Tokyo Gore Police	director	Yoshihiro Nishimura
These Dangerous Years	director	Herbert Wilcox
The Captain's Table	director	Jack Lee (film director)
A Touch of Larceny	director	Guy Hamilton
Suspect (1960 film)	director	Boulting brothers
Suspect (1960 film)	director	Boulting brothers
The Crimson Kimono	director	Samuel Fuller
Release (Law & Order)	director	Michael Pressman
The Lady Is a Square	director	Herbert Wilcox
The Wreck of the Mary Deare (film)	director	Michael Anderson (director)
The Family Hour	director	Matthew Penn
A Scandal in Paris	director	Douglas Sirk
9 Dead Gay Guys	director	Lab Ky Mo
La vida por Perón	director	Sergio Bellotti
Dentally Disturbed	director	Craig Melville
Dentally Disturbed	director	Cameron Mitchell (actor)
Slashed	director	Ash (band)
Tahaan	director	Santosh Sivan
Flame in the Streets	director	Roy Ward Baker
Thirteen at Dinner (film)	director	Lou Antonio
Bewafa Sanam	director	Gulshan Kumar
Wild Target	director	Jonathan Lynn
After Extra Time (album)	director	Michael Nyman
Kult ciała	director	Michał Waszyński
Dead Man's Folly (film)	director	Clive Donner
The Glass Box	director	Matt Finlin
Tout est parfait	director	Yves-Christian Fournier
Second Opinion (Law & Order)	director	Ed Sherin
Slacker Uprising	director	Michael Moore
Lord Byron of Broadway	director	Harry Beaumont
Lord Byron of Broadway	director	William Nigh
Cold (Law & Order: Special Victims Unit)	director	David Platt (director)
Hurricane Season (film)	director	Tim Story
Same Old Story: A Trip Back 20 Years	director	Kunio Yato
I Love You (2007 film)	director	Rabi Kinagi
La Classe américaine	director	Michel Hazanavicius
La Classe américaine	director	Dominique Mézerette
Pod banderą miłości	director	Michał Waszyński
Niebezpieczny romans	director	Michał Waszyński
Uwiedziona	director	Michał Waszyński
Bezimienni bohaterowie	director	Michał Waszyński
The Eternal City (1915 film)	director	Edwin Stanton Porter
The Eternal City (1915 film)	director	Hugh Ford
Sound of the Desert	director	Michał Waszyński
Sto metrów miłości	director	Michał Waszyński
His Excellency, The Shop Assistant	director	Michał Waszyński
Dvanáct křesel	director	Michał Waszyński
Dvanáct křesel	director	Martin Frič
Prokurator Alicja Horn	director	Marta Flanz
Prokurator Alicja Horn	director	Michał Waszyński
Zabawka (film)	director	Michał Waszyński
Co mój mąż robi w nocy	director	Michał Waszyński
Parade of the Reservists	director	Michał Waszyński
Pieśniarz Warszawy	director	Michał Waszyński
Love, Cherish, Respect	director	Michał Waszyński
Black Pearl (1934 film)	director	Michał Waszyński
Police Chief Antek	director	Michał Waszyński
ABC miłości	director	Michał Waszyński
Jaśnie pan szofer	director	Michał Waszyński
Wacuś	director	Michał Waszyński
Neverwas	director	Joshua Michael Stern
Queen of the Jungle	director	Robert F. Hill
Queen of the Jungle	director	Glenn Cook
The Fairy and the Waif	director	Marie Hubert Frohman
The Fairy and the Waif	director	George Irving (American actor)
Always in the Way	director	J. Searle Dawley
Shirin (film)	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Emmy of Stork's Nest	director	William Nigh
Barbara Frietchie (film)	director	Lambert Hillyer
Please Note We Are No Longer Accepting Letters of Recommendation from Henry Kissinger	director	Kevin Bray (director)
Love, Blactually	director	Cyndi Tang
Let's Make Music	director	Leslie Goodwins
Blood Money (Law & Order)	director	Matthew Penn
My Heroes Have Always Been Cowboys (film)	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Universalove	director	Thomas Woschitz
Nonsense Revolution	director	Ann Verrall
The Tom and Jerry Show (1975 TV series)	director	Charles August Nichols
Melissa of the Hills	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
Periwinkle (film)	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
London (2005 Tamil film)	director	Sundar C.
Boogie Man: The Lee Atwater Story	director	Stefan Forbes
Ullathai Allitha	director	Sundar C.
Panienka z poste restante	director	Jan Nowina-Przybylski
Panienka z poste restante	director	Michał Waszyński
Granny Had No Worries	director	Aleksander Ford
Granny Had No Worries	director	Michał Waszyński
Faith (film)	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
Bolek i Lolek (film)	director	Michał Waszyński
Będzie lepiej	director	Michał Waszyński
Kobiety nad przepaścią	director	Emil Chaberski
Kobiety nad przepaścią	director	Michał Waszyński
A Dream or Two Ago	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
Crazylegs (film)	director	Francis D. Lyon
Innocence of Lizette	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
The Railway Station Man	director	Michael Whyte
Saraswati Sabatham	director	A. P. Nagarajan
August Evening	director	Chris Eska
Scream and Scream Again	director	Gordon Hessler
The Gentle Intruder	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
Peggy Leads the Way	director	Lloyd Ingraham
The Best House in London	director	Philip Saville
A French Mistress	director	Boulting brothers
Village of Daughters	director	George Pollock (director)
Environment (film)	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
Ladies Who Do	director	C M Pennington-Richards
Annie-for-Spite	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
Somewhere in America (film)	director	William C. Dowlan
Sarah Brightman: In Concert	director	David Mallet (director)
Charity Castle	director	Lloyd Ingraham
Quasimodo d'El Paris	director	Patrick Timsit
Goha	director	Jacques Baratier
Mysterious Mr. Moto	director	Norman Foster (director)
New Jersey: The Movie	director	Steve Chernoski (film maker)
Puttin' on the Ritz (film)	director	Edward Sloman
Her Country's Call	director	Lloyd Ingraham
The Mate of the Sally Ann	director	Henry King (director)
The Ballad of Josie	director	Andrew McLaglen
The Quatermass Experiment (2005)	director	Sam Miller
Ashta Chamma	director	Mohan Krishna Indraganti
Save Me (2007 film)	director	Robert Cary
Extract (film)	director	Mike Judge
Virginia Museum of Natural History	director	Ann Mallek
The Composer's Cut Series Vol. I: The Draughtsman's Contract	director	Michael Nyman
A Serious Man	director	Coen brothers
Mozart 252	director	Michael Nyman
High Flight (film)	director	John Gilling
Strangler vs. Strangler	director	Slobodan Šijan
Safe & Sound (Prison Break)	director	Karen Gaviola
Meri Bassai	director	Kedar Ghimire
The Clique (film)	director	Michael Lembeck
The Wild Affair	director	John Krish
Fossil Detectives	director	Kerensa Jennings
The Green-Eyed Monster (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Charles Braverman
On the Fiddle	director	Cyril Frankel
Younger and Younger	director	Percy Adlon
Beauty and the Rogue	director	Henry King (director)
Journey to the End of the Night (2006 film)	director	Eric Eason
Private Potter	director	Caspar Wrede
Life for Ruth	director	Basil Dearden
A for Andromeda (2006)	director	John Estmond Strickland
The Stoning of Soraya M.	director	Cyrus Nowrasteh
Nuvve Kavali	director	K. Vijaya Bhaskar
The Banishment	director	Andrey Zvyagintsev
How a Mosquito Operates	director	Winsor McCay
Exodus: A Journey to the Mountain of God	director	Alon Bar
Exodus: A Journey to the Mountain of God	director	Eitan Bin Noun
Leaves of Grass (film)	director	Tim Blake Nelson
The Agency (film)	director	George Kaczender
Netz über Bord – Heringsfang auf der Nordsee	director	Jürgen Roland
The Age of Stupid	director	Franny Armstrong
Via Montenapoleone (film)	director	Carlo Vanzina
Bhalobasa Bhalobasa (2008 film)	director	Rabi Kinagi
Jor (2008 film)	director	Swapan Saha
Neel Rajar Deshe	director	Riingo Banerjee
Homam (film)	director	J. D. Chakravarthy
Kabuto-O Beetle	director	Minoru Kawasaki (film director)
Runaway Match	director	Alf Collins
Warm Spring (film)	director	Wulan Tana
Bengal Brigade	director	László Benedek
Hornets' Nest	director	Phil Karlson
Hornets' Nest	director	Franco Cirino
Miss HIV	director	Jim Hanon
Bachelor Flat	director	Frank Tashlin
Castle Keep	director	Sydney Pollack
The People Speak (film)	director	Howard Zinn
The People Speak (film)	director	Chris Moore (film producer)
The People Speak (film)	director	Anthony Arnove
Gigantic (film)	director	Matt Aselton
Fling (film)	director	John Stewart Muller
Streamers (film)	director	Robert Altman
Esa Maldita Costilla	director	Juan José Jusid
Scoundrels (Law & Order)	director	Marc Laub
Disappeared (Law & Order)	director	David Platt (director)
Maria Candelaria	director	Emilio Fernández
DR 1-102	director	Richard Dobbs
90 Ghanta	director	Sougata Roy Burman
Janmadata (2008 film)	director	Swapan Saha
Splinter (2008 film)	director	Toby Wilkins
Affair with a Stranger	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
Aamar Pratigna	director	Swapan Saha
Hochheta Ki	director	Basu Chatterjee
The Way We Live Now (2001 TV serial)	director	David Yates
Tolly Lights	director	Arjun Chakraborty
30 karatów szczęścia	director	Michał Waszyński
Dodek na froncie	director	Michał Waszyński
Bohaterowie Sybiru	director	Michał Waszyński
Daddy Gets Married	director	Michał Waszyński
Znachor	director	Michał Waszyński
Rena (film)	director	Michał Waszyński
Second Youth	director	Michał Waszyński
The Dybbuk (film)	director	Michał Waszyński
Ostatnia brygada	director	Michał Waszyński
Profesor Wilczur	director	Michał Waszyński
Gehenna (film)	director	Michał Waszyński
Wielka droga	director	Michał Waszyński
Unknown Men of San Marino	director	Michał Waszyński
Fiamme sul mare	director	Michał Waszyński
La grande strada	director	Vittorio Cottafavi
La grande strada	director	Michał Waszyński
Hanuszka	director	Nurit Kedar
Bear Island (film)	director	Don Sharp
Chhoti Bahen	director	L. V. Prasad
Improbable (The X-Files)	director	Chris Carter (screenwriter)
Family Business (Law & Order)	director	Lewis H. Gould
Straight (Nicolas Flessa film)	director	Nicolas Flessa
A Prize of Arms	director	Cliff Owen
Emmanuelle (film)	director	Just Jaeckin
Value for Money	director	Ken Annakin
Stolen Holiday	director	Michael Curtiz
A Sense of Freedom	director	John Mackenzie
The Outside Man	director	Jacques Deray
Drums of Winter	director	Sarah Elder
Drums of Winter	director	Leonard Kamerling
Mighty Like a Moose	director	Leo McCarey
Bhagya Chakra (2008 film)	director	Basanta Sau
Satyameba Jayate	director	Milan Bhowmik
Biyer Lagna	director	F.I. Manik
Phera (2008 film)	director	Partha Sarathi Jowardar
Eti (2008 film)	director	Sambit Nag
Sedin Dujone	director	Atanu Basu
Bajimaat	director	Haranath Chakraborty
Golmaal (2008 film)	director	Swapan Saha
Echelon Conspiracy	director	Greg Marcks
Janatar Aadalat	director	Manoj Thakur
Gharjamai (2008 film)	director	Anup Sengupta
Takkar (2008 film)	director	Swapan Saha
Happy Together (1989 American film)	director	Mel Damski
Podokkhep	director	Suman Ghosh
Made in Paris	director	Boris Sagal
Sagan (film)	director	Diane Kurys
Hot Enough for June	director	Ralph Thomas
The Jayne Mansfield Story	director	Dick Lowry
The Good Life (1997 film)	director	Alan Mehrez
Citizen Brando	director	Ridha Behi
Mr. Moto's Last Warning	director	Norman Foster (director)
Under Our Skin	director	Andy Abrahams Wilson
Partner (2008 film)	director	Shankar Ray
Shibaji (2008 film)	director	Babu Ray
Mon Amour: Shesher Kobita Revisited	director	Subhrajit Mitra
Admiral (film)	director	Andrei Kravchuk
Hello Kolkata	director	Manoj Michigan
Arasilangumari	director	M. Somasundaram
Thirudadhe	director	A.L.Srinivasan
Vaanmathi	director	Agathiyan
Ullaasam	director	J. D. Jerry
Avasara Police 100	director	K. Bhagyaraj
Sleeping Luck	director	Ángeles González-Sinde
Powers That Prey	director	Henry King (director)
Ashi Hi Banwa Banwi	director	Sachin (actor)
...Va man dar khoshbakhti-e shirin be donya amadam!	director	Kiarash Anvari
Féminin, Masculin	director	Sadaf Foroughi
Derby Day (1923 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Sunday Calm	director	Robert F. McGowan
What's the Matter with Kansas? (film)	director	Joe Winston
Where Have All the Flowers Gone? (film)	director	Arturo Perez Jr.
The Forgotten (2003 film)	director	Vincente Stasolla
Berlin: Live at St. Ann's Warehouse	director	Julian Schnabel
Rollercoaster (Phineas and Ferb)	director	Dan Povenmire
Dog Jack	director	Edward T. McDougal
Journey into Fear (1943 film)	director	Norman Foster (director)
Tire Trouble	director	Robert F. McGowan
Big Business (1924 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
The Buccaneers (film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
The Buccaneers (film)	director	Mark Goldaine
Seein' Things	director	Robert F. McGowan
Commencement Day	director	Robert F. McGowan
Commencement Day	director	Mark Goldaine
Cradle Robbers	director	Robert F. McGowan
Jubilo, Jr.	director	Robert F. McGowan
It's a Bear	director	Robert F. McGowan
High Society (1924 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
The Sun Down Limited	director	Robert F. McGowan
Every Man for Himself (1924 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Fast Company (1924 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Fast Company (1924 film)	director	Charley Chase
The Mysterious Mystery!	director	Robert F. McGowan
The Big Town (1925 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Circus Fever	director	Robert F. McGowan
Dog Days (1925 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
The Love Bug (1925 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Shootin' Injuns	director	Robert F. McGowan
Ask Grandma	director	Robert F. McGowan
Official Officers	director	Robert F. McGowan
Boys Will Be Joys	director	Robert F. McGowan
I Dream of Jesus	director	James Purdum
I Dream of Jesus	director	Peter Shin
Mary, Queen of Tots	director	Robert F. McGowan
Your Own Back Yard	director	Robert F. McGowan
Better Movies	director	Robert F. McGowan
One Wild Ride	director	Robert F. McGowan
The Lena Baker Story	director	Ralph Wilcox (actor)
Good Cheer	director	Robert F. McGowan
Buried Treasure (1926 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Monkey Business (1926 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Baby Clothes	director	Robert F. McGowan
Uncle Tom's Uncle	director	Robert F. McGowan
Shaitani Ilaaka	director	Kiran Ramsay
Dorian Gray (2009 film)	director	Oliver Parker
Sur (film)	director	Fernando Solanas
Captain Carey, U.S.A.	director	Mitchell Leisen
The Love God?	director	Nat Hiken
Shivering Spooks	director	Robert F. McGowan
The Fourth Alarm	director	Robert F. McGowan
War Feathers	director	Robert F. McGowan
War Feathers	director	Robert A. McGowan
Telling Whoppers	director	Robert F. McGowan
Telling Whoppers	director	Robert A. McGowan
Bring Home the Turkey	director	Robert F. McGowan
Bring Home the Turkey	director	Robert A. McGowan
Ten Years Old	director	Robert A. McGowan
Love My Dog	director	Robert F. McGowan
Tired Business Men	director	Robert A. McGowan
Tired Business Men	director	Charles Oelze
The Glorious Fourth (film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Olympic Games (film)	director	Robert A. McGowan
Chicken Feed	director	Robert A. McGowan
Chicken Feed	director	Charles Oelze
Playin' Hookey	director	Robert A. McGowan
The Smile Wins	director	Robert F. McGowan
Yale vs. Harvard	director	Robert F. McGowan
The Old Wallop	director	Robert F. McGowan
Heebee Jeebees	director	Robert F. McGowan
Heebee Jeebees	director	Robert A. McGowan
Dog Heaven	director	Robert A. McGowan
Spook Spoofing	director	Robert F. McGowan
Rainy Days (film)	director	Robert A. McGowan
Edison, Marconi & Co.	director	Robert A. McGowan
Barnum & Ringling, Inc.	director	Robert F. McGowan
Fair and Muddy	director	Charley Oelze
Crazy House (1928 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Blessed by Fire	director	Tristán Bauer
Growing Pains (1928 film)	director	Robert A. McGowan
Afsar	director	Chetan Anand (director)
Old Gray Hoss	director	Robert A. McGowan
School Begins	director	Robert A. McGowan
Anmol Ratan	director	M. Sadiq
Badi Bahen	director	Ram Daryani
The Spanking Age	director	Robert F. McGowan
Banwra	director	G. Rakesh
Election Day (film)	director	Robert A. McGowan
Bawre Nain	director	Kidar Sharma
Noisy Noises	director	Robert F. McGowan
The Holy Terror (1929 film)	director	Robert A. McGowan
Wiggle Your Ears	director	Robert F. McGowan
Padmé (film)	director	Robert Reeves
Proud American	director	Fred Ashman
Tess of the D'Urbervilles (TV serial)	director	David Blair
Little Mother	director	Robert F. McGowan
Navy Blues (Law & Order)	director	Jace Alexander
Filing for the Enemy	director	Michael Spiller
Blow Out (Prison Break)	director	Bryan Spicer
Stoic (film)	director	Uwe Boll
Noah's Arc: Jumping the Broom	director	Patrik-Ian Polk
Cat, Dog & Co.	director	Robert A. McGowan
Saturday's Lesson	director	Robert F. McGowan
Small Talk (film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Railroadin'	director	Robert F. McGowan
Boxing Gloves (film)	director	Robert A. McGowan
Bouncing Babies	director	Robert F. McGowan
Lazy Days (film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Moan and Groan, Inc.	director	Robert F. McGowan
Pilot (Fringe)	director	Alex Graves
Sia, le rêve du python	director	Dani Kouyaté
SCQ Reload	director	Laurenti Dyogi
When the Gods Fall Asleep	director	José Mojica Marins
Amal (film)	director	Richie Mehta
36 pasos	director	Adrián García Bogliano
Malai Malai	director	A. Venkatesh (director)
Time Belt	director	Chris Tallman
Eris Quod Sum	director	Jeannot Szwarc
It's Coming	director	Greg Yaitanes
The First Seven Years	director	Robert F. McGowan
When the Wind Blows (1930 film)	director	James W. Horne
Bear Shooters	director	Robert F. McGowan
A Tough Winter	director	Robert F. McGowan
Batman and Robin (serial)	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Amongst Friends	director	Rob Weiss
School's Out (1930 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Helping Grandma	director	Robert F. McGowan
Il seme della discordia	director	Pappi Corsicato
Love Business	director	Robert F. McGowan
Little Daddy	director	Robert F. McGowan
You're Telling Me!	director	Erle C. Kenton
Catherine (1986 TV series)	director	Marion Sarraut
Good Sports	director	Stan Lathan
Blind Date (1996 film)	director	Theo van Gogh (film director)
Amy (1997 film)	director	Nadia Tass
Street Knight	director	Albert Magnoli
I.D. (Law & Order)	director	Constantine Makris
Swift and Shift Couriers	director	Paul Fenech
Highway Dragnet	director	Nathan H. Juran
Men on Her Mind	director	Wallace Fox
Team Batista no Eikō	director	Yoshihiro Nakamura
The Isle of Love	director	Fred J. Balshofer
Mukhbiir	director	Mani Shankar
Yogi Bear's All Star Comedy Christmas Caper	director	Steve Lumley
The Housekeeper's Daughter	director	Hal Roach
Another Country (film)	director	Marek Kanievska
Bargain Day	director	Robert F. McGowan
Fly My Kite	director	Robert F. McGowan
Big Ears	director	Robert F. McGowan
Shiver My Timbers	director	Robert F. McGowan
Dogs is Dogs	director	Robert F. McGowan
Readin' and Writin'	director	Robert F. McGowan
Great (film)	director	Bob Godfrey
Two for Tonight	director	Frank Tuttle
Wendy and Lucy	director	Kelly Reichardt
Doctors' Wives (1931 film)	director	Frank Borzage
Brief Interviews with Hideous Men (film)	director	John Krasinski
Non-Stop New York	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
A Victim of the Mormons	director	August Blom
I Found Stella Parish	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Free Eats	director	Ray McCarey
Spanky (film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
Choo-Choo!	director	Robert F. McGowan
Hook and Ladder (1932 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
The Pooch	director	Robert F. McGowan
Astrópía	director	Gunnar B. Guðmundsson
Free Wheeling	director	Robert F. McGowan
Birthday Blues	director	Robert F. McGowan
A Lad an' a Lamp	director	Robert F. McGowan
Fish Hooky	director	Robert F. McGowan
Forgotten Babies	director	Robert F. McGowan
Bedtime Worries	director	Robert F. McGowan
The Seven of Daran: Battle of Pareo Rock	director	Lourens Blok
The Magic Sword (1950 film)	director	Vojislav Nanović
Andha Naal	director	Sundaram Balachander
Arizona to Broadway	director	James Tinling
Anthropos yia oles tis doulies	director	Giorgos Konstantinou
Flor silvestre (film)	director	Emilio Fernández
Three Tickets to Lani	director	Robert Altman
Ente Mamattikkuttiyammakku	director	Fazil
Nirom	director	Kamal (director)
Hi'-Neighbor!	director	Gus Meins
For Pete's Sake!	director	Gus Meins
The First Round-Up	director	Gus Meins
Honky Donkey	director	Gus Meins
Mike Fright	director	Gus Meins
Dream a Little Dream of Me (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Rob Corn
Mama's Little Pirate	director	Gus Meins
Washee Ironee	director	James Parrott
Here Comes the Flood	director	Michael Pressman
Shrimps for a Day	director	Gus Meins
Anniversary Trouble	director	Gus Meins
You, Me and Him (film)	director	Daniel Ribeiro
Beginner's Luck	director	Gus Meins
The Complete Master Works 2	director	Wayne Isham
Teacher's Beau	director	Gus Meins
Sprucin' Up	director	Gus Meins
The Lucky Corner	director	Gus Meins
Little Papa	director	Gus Meins
Little Sinner	director	Gus Meins
Flight to Fury	director	Monte Hellman
Our Gang Follies of 1936	director	Gus Meins
Divot Diggers	director	Robert F. McGowan
Dean Spanley	director	Toa Fraser
Sad Vacation	director	Shinji Aoyama
Polvere di stelle	director	Alberto Sordi
Wherever You Are (2008 film)	director	Rob Margolies
Fram för lilla Märta	director	Hasse Ekman
La Possibilité d'une île (film)	director	Michel Houellebecq
The Pirates of Central Park	director	Robert Farber
Freedom (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Rob Corn
Losing My Mind (Grey's Anatomy)	director	James Frawley
The Becoming (episode)	director	Julie Anne Robinson
Hurry Up, or I'll Be 30	director	Joseph Jacoby
Christmas in Love	director	Neri Parenti
All Expenses Paid	director	Charles F. Haas
14 Women	director	Mary Lambert
Las Abandonadas	director	Emilio Fernández
LG15: The Resistance	director	Ram Paul Silbey
The Fuller Brush Man	director	S. Sylvan Simon
The Pinch Singer	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Second Childhood (film)	director	Gus Meins
Arbor Day (film)	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Two Too Young	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Pay as You Exit	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Spooky Hooky	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Reunion in Rhythm	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Quiet Night In	director	Christopher Banks
Hearts Are Thumps	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Rushin' Ballet	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Five the Hard Way (Prison Break)	director	Garry A. Brown
Three Smart Boys	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Glove Taps	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Roamin' Holiday	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Night 'n' Gales	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Framing Youth	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Five Golden Hours	director	Mario Zampi
Fishy Tales	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
The Pigskin Palooka	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Mail and Female	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Bear Facts (film)	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Canned Fishing	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Three Men in a Tub	director	Nate Watt
Came the Brawn	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Boulevard des Italiens (film)	director	Georges Méliès
Feed 'em and Weep	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
The Awful Tooth	director	Nate Watt
Hide and Shriek	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
The Boxing Kangaroo	director	Birt Acres
The Bridge to Nowhere	director	Blair Underwood
Boxing Match; or, Glove Contest	director	Birt Acres
Doctor in Distress (film)	director	Ralph Thomas
Bébé et fillettes	director	Georges Méliès
Miss Sweden (film)	director	Tova Magnusson Norling
Secret Scandal	director	Monica Vitti
Road to Germany	director	Greg Colton
A Dime a Dozen	director	André de Toth
Lakeboat (film)	director	Joe Mantegna
A Pair of Briefs	director	Ralph Thomas
Reykjavík-Rotterdam	director	Óskar Jónasson
Alaigal Oivathillai	director	P. Bharathiraja
The Playbirds	director	Willy Roe
The Passage (film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
A Dangerous Summer	director	Quentin Masters
Where Does It Hurt?	director	Rod Amateau
If All Goes Wrong	director	Jack Gulick
If All Goes Wrong	director	Daniel Catullo
Invaders (Law & Order)	director	Matthew Penn
Bugambilia	director	Emilio Fernández
Father's Doing Fine	director	Henry Cass
Bird of Paradise (1932 film)	director	King Vidor
The Season (film)	director	Adam Edward Brooks
Nishijapon	director	Sandip Ray
Foxhole in Cairo	director	John Llewelly Moxey
I Was Here (film)	director	René Vilbre
Guns of Darkness	director	Anthony Asquith
Kids Ain't Like Everybody Else	director	Bethany Rooney
Back in Business (Desperate Housewives)	director	Scott Ellis
The Spanish Dancer (1923 film)	director	Herbert Brenon
La Malquerida	director	Emilio Fernández
Nagabonar	director	MT Risyaf
Tjoet Nja' Dhien	director	Eros Djarot
Silver Case	director	Christian Filippella
Tollywood Focus	director	Manas Bose
A Little Like Drowning	director	Anthony Minghella
Mera Pind	director	Manmohan Singh (director)
Ke Tumi	director	Prasun Bandyopadhyay
Antaratama	director	Soumya Supriyo
Raktamukhi Neela	director	Debraj Sinha
Tumi Kar	director	Gobinda Chandra Haldar
Lal Ronger Duniya	director	Nilanjan Bhattacharya
Rangamati (2008 film)	director	Kanoj Das
Blood (2008 film)	director	Anasuya Samanta
Raaz – The Mystery Continues	director	Mohit Suri
Butterfly (2000 film)	director	Doug Wolens
Pentathlon (film)	director	Bruce Malmuth
Men of War (film)	director	Perry Lang
The Composer's Cut Series Vol. III: The Piano	director	Michael Nyman
The Shooter (1995 film)	director	Ted Kotcheff
Nobelity	director	Turk Pipkin
Adventures of Robinson Crusoe, a Sailor from York	director	Stanislav Látal
The New Adventures of Chor Lau-heung (2001 TV series)	director	Wong Jing
The Break-Up (30 Rock)	director	Scott Ellis
Dadar Kirti	director	Tarun Majumdar
Hard Up in the 2000s (film)	director	Alan Smithee
Nouvelle Vague (film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Hakani: A Survivor's Story	director	David Loren Cunningham
Luna Mystika	director	Mike Tuviera
Luna Mystika	director	Gil Tejada, Jr.
Asudem	director	Daryush Shokof
Crimes of Fashion (Ugly Betty)	director	Victor Neili, Jr.
Sorority Row	director	Stewart Hendler
Ouaga-Saga	director	Dani Kouyaté
Entrepreneurial Management Center	director	Dr. Sanford Ehrlich
The Key (1958 film)	director	Carol Reed
Adventures of Power	director	Ari Gold (filmmaker)
Doña Perfecta (film)	director	Alejandro Galindo
Day of the Outlaw	director	André de Toth
The Murder of Fred Hampton	director	Howard Alk
Krishna Cottage	director	Santram Varma
Pontypool (film)	director	Bruce McDonald (film director)
Gulabi Talkies	director	Girish Kasaravalli
Joe the King	director	Frank Whaley
Ud i den kolde sne	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Ud i den kolde sne	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Sex Sells: The Making of Touché	director	Jonathan Liebert
Austrian Cultural Forum New York	director	Andreas Stadler (political scientist)
Do I Know You?	director	Pamela Fryman
The Peacekeeper	director	Frédéric Forestier
The Minion	director	Jean-Marc Piché
24 Heures de la vie d'une femme	director	Laurent Bouhnik
Pilgrimage (2001 film)	director	Werner Herzog
Weight Loss (The Office)	director	Paul Feig
Business Ethics (The Office)	director	Jeffrey Blitz
Baby Shower	director	Greg Daniels
Pro-Wres no Hoshi Aztecaser	director	Kiyoto Fukazawa
Pro-Wres no Hoshi Aztecaser	director	Akira Okazaki
Pro-Wres no Hoshi Aztecaser	director	Kanji Otsuka
Pro-Wres no Hoshi Aztecaser	director	Shouhei Tojo
Contamination (Private Practice)	director	Kate Woods
Mr. Sardonicus	director	William Castle
The Koa Man	director	Paul Stewart (actor)
Stamped for Danger	director	Paul Stewart (actor)
Indian Institute of Technology Patna	director	Anil K Bhowmick
X-Men (film)	director	Bryan Singer
Thirakkatha	director	Ranjith (director)
The Premature Burial (film)	director	Roger Corman
Forces occultes	director	Jean Mamy
Mesmer (film)	director	Roger Spottiswoode
Sadko (film)	director	Aleksandr Ptushko
Kidnapped (1935 film)	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Kidnapped (1935 film)	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Week-end (1935 film)	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Week-end (1935 film)	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Salomy Jane (1914 film)	director	William Nigh
Snushanerne	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Snushanerne	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Panserbasse	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Panserbasse	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Cirkusrevyen 1936	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Cirkusrevyen 1936	director	Alice O'Fredericks
En fuldendt gentleman	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
En fuldendt gentleman	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Alarm (film)	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Alarm (film)	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Bridge of Dragons	director	Isaac Florentine
Julia jubilerar	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Julia jubilerar	director	Alice O'Fredericks
The Butterfly from Ural	director	Katariina Lillqvist
Life on the Hegn Farm	director	Arne Weel
Life on the Hegn Farm	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Life on the Hegn Farm	director	Alice O'Fredericks
The Last Warrior (2000 film)	director	Sheldon Lettich
Blaavand melder storm	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Blaavand melder storm	director	Alice O'Fredericks
De tre måske fire	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
De tre måske fire	director	Alice O'Fredericks
I dag begynder livet	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
I dag begynder livet	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Vedha	director	V. Nithyakumar
Kathavarayan	director	Salangai Durai
Aayudham Seivom	director	Udhayan
Poi Solla Porom	director	A. L. Vijay
Arjunan Kadhali	director	Parthy Baskar
Adhe Neram Adhe Idam	director	M. Prabhu
Ronia, the Robber's Daughter (film)	director	Tage Danielsson
Gammat Jammat	director	Sachin (actor)
Sarkarnama	director	Shrabani Deodhar
The Necessities of Life	director	Benoît Pilon
Young at Heart (1995 film)	director	Allan Arkush
Raw Nerve (1991 film)	director	David A. Prior
Familien Olsen	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Familien Olsen	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Västkustens hjältar	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Västkustens hjältar	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Pas på svinget i Solby	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Pas på svinget i Solby	director	Alice O'Fredericks
En ganske almindelig pige	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
En ganske almindelig pige	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Love Aaj Kal	director	Imtiaz Ali (director)
Gayniggers from Outer Space	director	Morten Lindberg
Tror du jeg er født i går!	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Tror du jeg er født i går!	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Tag til Rønneby Kro	director	Jon Iversen
Tag til Rønneby Kro	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Frøken Kirkemus	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Frøken Kirkemus	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Frk. Vildkat	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Frk. Vildkat	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Tyrannens fald	director	Jon Iversen
Tyrannens fald	director	Alice O'Fredericks
The Burning Question	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Hans onsdagsveninde	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Hans onsdagsveninde	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Teatertosset	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Elly Petersen	director	Jon Iversen
Elly Petersen	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Bedstemor går amok	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Bedstemor går amok	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Affæren Birte	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Affæren Birte	director	Alice O'Fredericks
I Don't Want to Be a Man	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Panik i familien	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Panik i familien	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Klingende toner	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Klingende toner	director	Alice O'Fredericks
De kloge og vi gale	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
De kloge og vi gale	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Onsdagsväninnan	director	Sture Lagerwall
Onsdagsväninnan	director	Alice O'Fredericks
I Love Another	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
I Love Another	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Når katten er ude	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Når katten er ude	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Lise kommer til Byen	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Lise kommer til Byen	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Hr. Petit	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Nordhavets mænd	director	Lau Lauritzen
Det gælder os alle	director	Alice O'Fredericks
We Want a Child!	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
We Want a Child!	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Noah's Ark (1999 film)	director	John Irvin
The Cuckoos	director	Paul Sloane
Raja Makutam	director	Bommireddy Narasimha Reddy
Den opvakte jomfru	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Den opvakte jomfru	director	Alice O'Fredericks
I gabestokken	director	Jon Iversen
I gabestokken	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Mosekongen	director	Jon Iversen
Mosekongen	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Fodboldpræsten	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Frihed forpligter	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Frihed forpligter	director	Robert Saaskin
Det gamle guld	director	Jon Iversen
Det gamle guld	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Husmandstøsen	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Det store løb	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Fløjtespilleren	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Father of Four in the Snow	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Arvingen	director	Jon Iversen
Arvingen	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Min datter Nelly	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Battle Hawk	director	Takeshi Yamada
Senza pietà	director	Alberto Lattuada
Persiane chiuse	director	Luigi Comencini
Cameriera bella presenza offresi...	director	Giorgio Pastina
Wanda la peccatrice	director	Duilio Coletti
All About Eve (Philippines TV series)	director	Mac Alejandre
All About Eve (Philippines TV series)	director	Eric Quizon
Cars Toons: Mater's Tall Tales	director	John Lasseter
Fortunella (film)	director	Eduardo De Filippo
Nella città l'inferno	director	Renato Castellani
The High Life (film)	director	Julien Duvivier
A Day to Remember (1991 film)	director	Jean-Louis Bertucelli
Højt paa en kvist	director	Lau Lauritzen, Sr.
Father of Four in the Country	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Six Days, Part 1	director	Greg Yaitanes
Columbus Day (film)	director	Charles Burmeister
Roxy Hunter and the Myth of the Mermaid	director	Eleanor Lindo
Roxy Hunter and the Myth of the Mermaid	director	David Molina (director)
Roxy Hunter and the Myth of the Mermaid	director	Terry Shakespeare
Roxy Hunter and the Horrific Halloween	director	Eleanor Lindo
Father of Four in the City	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Flintesønnerne	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Father of Four and Uncle Sofus	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Father of Four and Uncle Sofus	director	Robert Saaskin
The Richest Girl in the World (1958 film)	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
The Richest Girl in the World (1958 film)	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Father of Four and the Wolf Cubs	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Father of Four and the Wolf Cubs	director	Robert Saaskin
Vagabonderne på Bakkegården	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Vagabonderne på Bakkegården	director	Robert Saaskin
Father of Four on Bornholm	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Father of Four on Bornholm	director	Robert Saaskin
Det skete på Møllegården	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Det skete på Møllegården	director	Robert Saaskin
Far til fire med fuld musik	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Far til fire med fuld musik	director	Robert Saaskin
Der brænder en ild	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Der brænder en ild	director	Robert Saaskin
Den farlige alder	director	August Blom
Vildledt Elskov	director	August Blom
Kun en Tigger	director	Holger-Madsen
The Death of Richie	director	Paul Wendkos
Den kulørte Slavehandler	director	Lau Lauritzen, Sr.
Sikke'n familie	director	Jon Iversen
Sikke'n familie	director	Alice O'Fredericks
De besejrede Pebersvende	director	Lau Lauritzen, Sr.
Kampen om Næsbygård	director	Ib Mossin
Kampen om Næsbygård	director	Alice O'Fredericks
The Heir to Næsbygaard	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Herberg for Hjemløse	director	Lau Lauritzen, Sr.
Krybskytterne på Næsbygård	director	Ib Mossin
Krybskytterne på Næsbygård	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Brødrene på Uglegaarden	director	Ib Mossin
Brødrene på Uglegaarden	director	Alice O'Fredericks
Shri Krishna Pandaviyam	director	N. T. Rama Rao
En slem Dreng	director	Lau Lauritzen, Sr.
Kærlighed og Mobilisering	director	Lau Lauritzen, Sr.
Kong Bukseløs	director	Lau Lauritzen, Sr.
Whose Life Is It Anyway? (1981 film)	director	John Badham
My Lover My Son	director	John Newland
Lucky Journey	director	Christen Jul
Som sendt fra himlen	director	Johan Jacobsen
Dorte	director	Jon Iversen
Vi arme syndere	director	Erik Balling
Vi arme syndere	director	Ole Palsbo
Vejrhanen	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Rekrut 67, Petersen	director	Poul Bang
Drömsemester	director	Gösta Bernhard
Ved kongelunden...	director	Poul Bang
Sunstroke (film)	director	Astrid Henning-Jensen
Sunstroke (film)	director	Bjarne Henning-Jensen
The Feather Fairy	director	Juraj Jakubisko
Peacock Alley (1921 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
One True Love	director	Mac Alejandre
Familien Pille som Spejdere	director	Lau Lauritzen, Sr.
Les Résultats du féminisme	director	Alice Guy-Blaché
Peacock Alley (1930 film)	director	Marcel de Sano
Men Against the Sky	director	Leslie Goodwins
Lisa Picard is Famous	director	Griffin Dunne
Cradle of Darkness	director	Jean de Segonzac
Not Bad for a Girl	director	Lisa Rose Apramian
Tribu (2007 film)	director	Jim Libiran
Lucky Thirteen (House)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Part of the Weekend Never Dies	director	Saam Farahmand
Fatal Vacation	director	Eric Tsang
Painted Skin (1993 film)	director	King Hu
Nana (2005 film)	director	Kentarō Ōtani
Pom Pom (film)	director	Joe Cheung
The Sleepy Time Gal	director	Christopher Münch
The Chaos Experiment	director	Philippe Martinez
Sju svarta be-hå	director	Gösta Bernhard
Girls Without Tomorrow	director	David Lam (film director)
Girls Without Tomorrow	director	Wong Chi
I kongens klæ'r	director	Poul Bang
Far och flyg	director	Gösta Bernhard
Det var paa Rundetaarn	director	Poul Bang
Girls Without Tomorrow 1992	director	David Lam (film director)
Girls Without Tomorrow 1992	director	Wong Chi
Hvad vil De ha'?	director	Jens Henriksen
Hvad vil De ha'?	director	Preben Neergaard
Den store gavtyv	director	Johan Jacobsen
The Liquidator (film)	director	Jack Cardiff
Færgekroen	director	Poul Bang
Tag til marked i Fjordby	director	Poul Bang
Krudt og klunker	director	Annelise Hovmand
Pigen og vandpytten	director	Bent Christensen (director)
The Siege of Firebase Gloria	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
After You...	director	Pierre Salvadori
De Dhakka	director	Sudesh Manjrekar
De Dhakka	director	Atul Kale
Not Quite Hollywood: The Wild, Untold Story of Ozploitation!	director	Mark Hartley
Dying of the Light (Heroes)	director	Dan Attias
Mr Funtoosh	director	Raj Mukherji
On Leather Wings	director	Kevin Altieri
Doghouse (film)	director	Jake West
Brave New World (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Eric Stoltz
Uncharted 2: Among Thieves	director	Amy Hennig
Nasser Asphalt	director	Frank Wisbar
Nagai Go no Kowai Zone: Kaiki	director	Go Nagai
Nagai Go no Kowai Zone: Kaiki	director	Hikari Hayakawa
Nagai Go no Kowai Zone 2: Senki	director	Go Nagai
Nagai Go no Kowai Zone 2: Senki	director	Hikari Hayakawa
The Poet and the Little Mother	director	Erik Balling
Vanishing Act (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Peter Werner
Onkel Bill fra New York	director	Peer Guldbrandsen
Soldaterkammerater rykker ud	director	Sven Methling
Charles' Aunt	director	Poul Bang
Poeten og Lillemor og Lotte	director	Erik Balling
The Greeneyed Elephant	director	Peer Guldbrandsen
Baronessen fra benzintanken	director	Annelise Reenberg
Me and Maxx	director	Herbert Kenwith
Maathaad Maathaadu Mallige	director	Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar
Angels and Monsters	director	Anthony Hemingway
Streets of Blood	director	Charles Winkler
Little Zizou	director	Sooni Taraporevala
Barbie Thumbelina	director	Conrad Helten
Abelay Garam Bhaat	director	Subhendu Ghosh
Cats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore	director	Brad Peyton
Still Not Quite Human	director	Eric Luke
The Watermelon	director	Brad Mays
The Thaw (film)	director	Mark A. Lewis
Sasirekha Parinayam (2008 film)	director	Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi
Sømand i knibe	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Homeward Bound (Private Practice)	director	Mark Tinker
Sommar och syndare	director	Arne Mattsson
Skibet er ladet med	director	Peer Guldbrandsen
Panic in Paradise (film)	director	Hagen Hasselbalch
Take Care of Your Scarf, Tatiana	director	Aki Kaurismäki
Forelsket i København	director	Finn Henriksen
Peters baby	director	Annelise Reenberg
Poeten og Lillemor i forårshumør	director	Erik Balling
Støv på hjernen (1961 film)	director	Poul Bang
The Musketeers (film)	director	Annelise Hovmand
Lykkens musikanter	director	Peer Guldbrandsen
Han, Hun, Dirch og Dario	director	Annelise Reenberg
Crazy Paradise	director	Gabriel Axel
Città violenta	director	Sergio Sollima
Sømænd og svigermødre	director	Bent Christensen (director)
Det støver stadig	director	Poul Bang
She-Devils on Wheels	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Oskar (film)	director	Gabriel Axel
The Penguins of Madagascar	director	Bret Haaland
The Penguins of Madagascar	director	Nick Filippi
The Marc Pease Experience	director	Todd Louiso
Cowboy from Brooklyn	director	Lloyd Bacon
Mathru Devo Bhava	director	K. Ajayakumar
WarioWare D.I.Y.	director	Goro Abe
Hand That Rocks the Cradle	director	Phillips Smalley
Hand That Rocks the Cradle	director	Lois Weber
Iska's Journey	director	Csaba Bollók
Ex Drummer	director	Koen Mortier
Game Changer	director	Kevin Rodney Sullivan
Granny Pants	director	Fred Savage
Nabbie's Love	director	Yuji Nakae
Leningrad Cowboys Meet Moses	director	Aki Kaurismäki
Who is Harry Nilsson? (And Why Is Everybody Talkin' About Him)	director	John Scheinfeld
Ang Babaeng Hinugot sa Aking Tadyang	director	Joyce E. Bernal
Ang Babaeng Hinugot sa Aking Tadyang	director	Topel Lee
Dark Country	director	Thomas Jane
Svinedrengen og prinsessen på ærten	director	Poul Ilsøe
Venus fra Vestø	director	Annelise Reenberg
The Girl and the Press Photographer	director	Sven Methling
Vi har det jo dejligt	director	Gabriel Axel
Hvis lille pige er du?	director	Erik Balling
Frøken Nitouche	director	Annelise Reenberg
Bussen (film)	director	Arne Skouen
Bussen (film)  Bussen   1	director	Finn Henriksen
Three Girls in Paris	director	Gabriel Axel
Støv for alle pengene	director	Poul Bang
Dil Daulat Duniya	director	Prem Narayan Arora
Majorens oppasser	director	Sven Methling
Summer in Tyrol	director	Erik Balling
Brainwashed (film)	director	Gerd Oswald
Lulu's Islands	director	Denis Berthier
Lulu's Islands	director	Eric Berthier
Dual (Heroes)	director	Greg Beeman
Our Father (Heroes)	director	Jeannot Szwarc
There Was a Crooked Man (film)	director	Stuart Burge
Oh! That Wife of Mine	director	Giorgos Skalenakis
Play the Game (film)	director	Marc Fienberg (writer, director)
The Triumphs of a Man Called Horse	director	John Hough (director)
Betty Suarez Land	director	Michael Spiller
Divino Amore Academy	director	Augustinians
Padamati Sandhya Ragam	director	Jandhyala Subramanya Sastry
Eroica (1949 film)	director	Walter Kolm-Veltée
Shob Charitro Kalponik	director	Rituparno Ghosh
Calling Bulldog Drummond	director	Victor Saville
Some Girls (film)	director	Michael Hoffman
Hum Dono (1985 film)	director	B.S. Glaad
Babu (film)	director	A.C. Trilogchander
Sailors (film)	director	Arne Mattsson
Här kommer bärsärkarna	director	Arne Mattsson
Passer passer piger	director	Sven Methling
La Vie de Bohème (film)	director	Aki Kaurismäki
It's Nifty in the Navy	director	Finn Henriksen
The Girl and the Millionaire	director	Ebbe Langberg
I, a Lover	director	Börje Nyberg
Der var engang	director	John Price (Danish actor)
Relax Freddie	director	Erik Balling
Pigen og greven	director	Finn Henriksen
Love Thy Neighbour (1967 film)	director	Egil Kolstø
Onkel Joakims hemmelighed	director	Carl Ottosen
Me and My Kid Brother	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Soldaterkammerater på bjørnetjeneste	director	Carl Ottosen
Mig og min lillebror og storsmuglerne	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Sherlock Holmes (2009 film)	director	Guy Ritchie
The Ghost Ship (Stingray episode)	director	Desmond Saunders
Raavanan	director	Mani Ratnam
La corda d'acciaio	director	Carlo Borghesio
Motherhood (film)	director	Katherine Dieckmann
An itan to violi pouli	director	Takis Vougiouklakis
The Bachelor (1955 film)	director	Antonio Pietrangeli
Romolo e Remo	director	Sergio Corbucci
The China Probrem	director	Trey Parker
Avtaar	director	Mohan Kumar
Chembaruthi	director	R. K. Selvamani
Modern Love (film)	director	Alex Frayne
Magic in Town	director	Annelise Reenberg
The Veterinarian's Adopted Children	director	Carl Ottosen
Fun in the Streets	director	Carl Ottosen
The Egborg Girl	director	Carl Ottosen
Me and My Kid Brother and Doggie	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Me and My Kid Brother and Doggie	director	Lisbeth Movin
The Lustful Vicar	director	Torgny Wickman
Hellfire (film)	director	R. G. Springsteen
Amour (film)	director	Gabriel Axel
The Key to Paradise	director	Sven Methling
Tough Guys of the Prairie	director	Carl Ottosen
Hooray for the Blue Hussars	director	Annelise Reenberg
Where Is the Body, Moeller?	director	Preben Kaas
Gold for the Tough Guys of the Prairie	director	Finn Karlsson
My Sisters Children Go Astray	director	Annelise Reenberg
1001 Danish Delights	director	Sven Methling
Lenin, You Rascal, You	director	Kirsten Stenbæk
Sunstroke at the Beach Resort	director	Klaus Pagh
Me and the Mafia	director	Henning Ørnbak
Me, Too, in the Mafia	director	Henning Ørnbak
Girls at Arms	director	Finn Henriksen
Girls at Arms 2	director	Finn Henriksen
Going for Broke (1977 film)	director	Gabriel Axel
Girls at Sea (1977 film)	director	Finn Henriksen
Fængslende feriedage	director	Finn Henriksen
¡Más que baile!	director	Josep Maria Mainat
¡Más que baile!	director	Toni Cruz
Nootrukku Nooru	director	Selva (director)
Aanchal (1980 film)	director	Anil Ganguli
Black Thursday (film)	director	Michel Mitrani
Holiday Hotel	director	Michel Lang
E Napoli canta	director	Armando Grottini
Ernesto (film)	director	Salvatore Samperi
The Spirit of Culver	director	Joseph Santley
Tall Story	director	Joshua Logan
Chronopolis (film)	director	Piotr Kamler
A Woman of Mystery	director	Ernest Morris
La cicala	director	Alberto Lattuada
Legacy (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Betty Kaplan
Mr. Schneider goes to Washington	director	Jonathan Neil Schneider
The Price (Prison Break)	director	Bobby Roth
Falling Down	director	Joel Schumacher
Little Ashes	director	Paul Morrison (director)
Friedemann Bach (film)	director	Traugott Müller
I Was A Teenage Serial Killer	director	Sarah Jacobson
Chinna Mapillai (film)	director	Santhana Bharathi
Mary Jane's Not a Virgin Anymore	director	Sarah Jacobson
The Night We Got the Bird	director	Darcy Conyers
Crime Aid	director	Jennifer Celotta
Rock Odyssey	director	Joseph Barbera
Rock Odyssey	director	William Hanna
Rock Odyssey	director	Robert Taylor (animator)
The Gift to Stalin	director	Rustem Abdrashev
Bandish (film)	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
The Wedding Night	director	King Vidor
Il nano e la Strega	director	Gioacchino Libratti
Porridge (film)	director	Dick Clement
Little Amy	director	Sidney Lanfield
The Wild Puffalumps	director	Alan Bunce
Baby Love (film)	director	Alastair Reid (director)
Welcome 2 Ibiza	director	David Winters (choreographer)
The Ninja Dragon	director	Go Nagai
Abraham's Valley	director	Manoel de Oliveira
Nayagan (2008 film)	director	Saravana Sakthi
TASS Is Authorized to Declare...	director	Vladimir Fokin
Never Say Goodbye (1956 film)	director	Jerry Hopper
Waking up the Nation	director	Agostino Imondi
Not So Dumb	director	King Vidor
A Frozen Dream	director	Jan Troell
Public Morals (TV series)	director	Andy Ackerman
Public Morals (TV series)	director	Don Scardino
Public Morals (TV series)	director	Jay Tarses
Catholic Institute of Higher Studies – ICES	director	Hervé MAGNOULOUX
Day of the Wolves	director	Ferde Grofe Jr.
The Little Ranger	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Dis-moi qui tuer	director	Étienne Périer (director)
Party Fever	director	George Sidney
In the Cool of the Day	director	Robert Stevens (director)
Beloved Enemy	director	H. C. Potter
There's No 'I' in Team (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Randall Zisk
The World Unseen	director	Shamim Sarif
Out of Control (2003 film)	director	Apurva Asrani
Out of Control (2003 film)	director	Ramanjit Juneja
Class of 1999	director	Mark L. Lester
Heart of Midnight (film)	director	Matthew Chapman (author)
Class of 1999 II: The Substitute	director	Spiro Razatos
So Red the Rose (film)	director	King Vidor
Charade Quiz	director	Don Weiner
There's Always a Woman (Desperate Housewives)	director	Matthew Diamond
Front Row Center	director	Fletcher Markle
A Day to Remember (1953 film)	director	Ralph Thomas
Aladdin's Lantern	director	George Sidney
Men in Fright	director	George Sidney
Football Romeo	director	George Sidney
Practical Jokers	director	George Sidney
In the Tracks of	director	Pascale Cuenot
Tiny Troubles	director	George Sidney
Duel Personalities	director	George Sidney
Clown Princes	director	George Sidney
Blood Colony (film)	director	Jacob Holcomb
The Bleeding (film)	director	Charlie Picerni
Middle of Nowhere (film)	director	John Stockwell (actor)
Mariyadhai	director	Vikraman
The Man From M.A.R.S.	director	Roy William Neill
South Riding (film)	director	Victor Saville
Moll Flanders (1996 film)	director	Pen Densham
Centigrade (film)	director	Colin Cunningham
L'Enfer (1994 film)	director	Claude Chabrol
Who's Nailin' Paylin?	director	Jerome Tanner
Les Espions	director	Henri-Georges Clouzot
She's 19 and Ready	director	Franz Josef Gottlieb
Fairy Tales (film)	director	Harry Hurwitz
Britney: For the Record	director	Phil Griffin
Don Quixote (unfinished film)	director	Orson Welles
For Warrick	director	Richard J. Lewis
Hollywood Hotel (film)	director	Busby Berkeley
Target Tokyo	director	William Keighley
Nephilim (film)	director	Danny Wilson (Director)
Marupadiyum	director	Balu Mahendra
Cousin Wilbur	director	George Sidney
Joy Scouts	director	Edward L. Cahn
Dog Daze	director	George Sidney
Daddy (1992 film)	director	Sangeeth Sivan
Auto Antics	director	Edward L. Cahn
Devaraagam	director	Bharathan
Swearing Allegiance	director	Richard A. Colla
Oblivion 2: Backlash	director	Sam Irvin
Food for the Gods	director	H. Scott Hughes
Fear(s) of the Dark	director	Blutch
Fear(s) of the Dark	director	Charles Burns (cartoonist)
Fear(s) of the Dark	director	Marie Caillou
Fear(s) of the Dark	director	Pierre di Sciullo
Fear(s) of the Dark	director	Lorenzo Mattotti
Fear(s) of the Dark	director	Richard McGuire
Employee Transfer	director	David Rogers (editor)
Liputan 6	director	Nova Rini
Pieta (TV series)	director	Toto Natividad
Customer Survey	director	Stephen Merchant
Joy (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
My Old Man (film)	director	John Erman
Blinded by the Light (film)	director	John A. Alonzo
Friends, Lovers, Brothers, and Others	director	Donna Dietch
Waking Madison	director	Katherine Brooks
The Colt (film)	director	Yelena Lanskaya
Rocky Marciano (film)	director	Charles Winkler
Aerial Gunner	director	Pine-Thomas Productions
Pavalakkodi	director	K. Subramaniam
Ashanti (1982 film)	director	Umesh Mehra
Rettai Vaal Kuruvi	director	Balu Mahendra
I kantonnement	director	Lau Lauritzen, Sr.
Chintamani (1937 film)	director	Yaragudipati Varada Rao
Han, hun og Hamlet	director	Lau Lauritzen, Sr.
5 raske piger	director	A. W. Sandberg
Captain Spanky's Showboat	director	Edward L. Cahn
Behind the Rising Sun (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Gopura Vasalile	director	Priyadarshan
Alfalfa's Double	director	Edward L. Cahn
Millionærdrengen	director	A. W. Sandberg
Incognito (1937 film)	director	Valdemar Lauritzen
Jens Langkniv	director	Per Knutzon
Jens Langkniv	director	Peter Lind
I de gode, gamle dage	director	Johan Jacobsen
En mand af betydning	director	Emanuel Gregers
Far skal giftes	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Peter Andersen (film)	director	Svend Methling
Moster fra Mols	director	Poul Bang
Moster fra Mols	director	Axel Frische
Moster fra Mols	director	Grete Frische
Moster fra Mols	director	Carl Hegner
Thiruneelakantar	director	P. K. Raja Sandow
Confesión a Laura	director	Jaime Osorio Gómez
En pige uden lige	director	Ole Berggreen
En pige uden lige	director	Jon Iversen
Dirty Sally	director	Leonard Katzman
Dirty Sally	director	Philip Leacock
Dirty Sally	director	Vincent McEveety
Dirty Sally	director	Denver Pyle
Dad for a Day	director	Edward L. Cahn
Time Out for Lessons	director	Edward L. Cahn
Time Out for Lessons	director	Bud Murray
Yoyes	director	Helena Taberna
A Glimpse of Hell (film)	director	Mikael Salomon
PoliWood	director	Barry Levinson
Wagner (miniseries)	director	Tony Palmer
The Happy Thieves	director	George Marshall
Needful Things (film)	director	Fraser Clarke Heston
Don't Call Me Charlie	director	Joseph Depew
Amanat	director	Sanjiv Bhattacharya
Ambikapathy (1937 film)	director	Ellis R. Dungan
A Gala Christmas in Vienna	director	Humphrey Burton
Breast Cancer Show Ever	director	Trey Parker
Wait Until Dark (film)	director	Terence Young (director)
Woman's World (film)	director	Jean Negulesco
Sivakavi	director	P. K. Raja Sandow
Sivakavi	director	S. M. Sriramulu Naidu
The Crouches	director	Nick Wood
Noored Kotkad	director	Theodor Luts
Bubbling Troubles	director	Edward L. Cahn
The Big Premiere	director	Edward L. Cahn
All About Hash	director	Edward L. Cahn
The New Pupil	director	Edward L. Cahn
Goin' Fishin'	director	Edward L. Cahn
Good Bad Boys	director	Edward L. Cahn
Don McKay (film)	director	Jake Goldberger
Det ender med bryllup	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Otte akkorder	director	Johan Jacobsen
While the Attorney Is Asleep	director	Johan Jacobsen
The Invisible Army	director	Johan Jacobsen
Sauerbruch – Das war mein Leben	director	Rolf Hansen (director)
My Name Is Petersen	director	Christen Jul
Min kone er uskyldig	director	Johan Jacobsen
Alt dette og Island med	director	Johan Jacobsen
Meet Me on Cassiopeia	director	Torben Anton Svendsen
Kvinnan bakom allt	director	Hampe Faustman
To minutter for sent	director	Torben Anton Svendsen
Adam's Wall	director	Michael Mackenzie (writer/director)
Uncle Vanya (1970 film)	director	Andrei Konchalovsky
Mourning Becomes Electra (film)	director	Dudley Nichols
Brutal Massacre: A Comedy	director	Stevan Mena
The Suspended Step of the Stork	director	Theodoros Angelopoulos
Kulimlim	director	Maryo J. delos Reyes
Ugly Berry	director	Ron Underwood
Circus (2009 film)	director	Dayal Padmanabhan
Tripwire (film)	director	James Lemmo
Antakshari – The Great Challenge	director	Gajendra Singh
Back in the USSR (film)	director	Deran Sarafian
Waldo's Last Stand	director	Edward L. Cahn
Waldo's Last Stand	director	Steven Granger
Kiddie Kure	director	Edward L. Cahn
Nothing to Talk About	director	Helen Shaver
The Sheltering Sky (film)	director	Bernardo Bertolucci
Hendes store aften	director	Annelise Reenberg
En sømand går i land	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
På tro og love	director	Torben Anton Svendsen
Taxa K 1640 efterlyses	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Welcome to the Rileys	director	Jake Scott (director)
Jeg elsker dig	director	Torben Anton Svendsen
Sønnen fra Amerika	director	Jon Iversen
Laan mig din kone	director	Preben Neergaard
Laan mig din kone	director	Anker Sørensen
Englen i sort	director	Sven Methling
Mustafa (film)	director	Can Dündar
Red Lion (film)	director	Kihachi Okamoto
Flu Bird Horror	director	Leigh Scott
Club de rencontres	director	Michel Lang
My Last Words	director	Bill Lawrence (producer)
The Wild Man of the Navidad	director	Duane Graves
The Wild Man of the Navidad	director	Justin Meeks
Prix de Beauté	director	Augusto Genina
Accroche-coeur	director	Chantal Picault
Agosto (film)	director	Jorge Silva Melo
Amantide – Scirocco	director	Aldo Lado
Chompa Toung	director	Lim Bun Lun
L'Argent (1928 film)	director	Marcel L'Herbier
Fightin' Fools	director	Edward L. Cahn
Baby Blues (1941 film)	director	Edward L. Cahn
Ye Olde Minstrels	director	Edward L. Cahn
Come Back, Miss Pipps	director	Edward L. Cahn
Scream 4	director	Wes Craven
Klangbad: Avant-garde in the Meadows	director	Dietmar Post
Klangbad: Avant-garde in the Meadows	director	Lucia Palacios
Jivin' in Be-Bop	director	Leonard Anderson
Jivin' in Be-Bop	director	Spencer Williams
Zift (film)	director	Javor Gardev
The Granny	director	Luca Bercovici
Love Story (1944 film)	director	Leslie Arliss
Zay El Naharda	director	Amr Salama
Review with Myles Barlow	director	Trent O'Donnell
1-2-3 Go	director	Edward L. Cahn
Robot Wrecks	director	Edward L. Cahn
Helping Hands (1941 film)	director	Edward L. Cahn
Wedding Worries	director	Edward L. Cahn
Melodies Old and New	director	Edward L. Cahn
Tre må man være	director	Sven Methling
Seksdagesløbet	director	Jørgen Roos
Helle for Helene	director	Gabriel Axel
Faith, Hope and Witchcraft	director	Erik Balling
Komtessen	director	Erik Overbye
Komtessen	director	Anker Sørensen
Mine tossede drenge	director	Sven Methling
Jetpiloter	director	Anker Sørensen
The Man with Two Brians	director	Dominic Bianchi
Det stod i avisen	director	Peer Guldbrandsen
The Talking Parcel	director	Cosgrove Hall Films
Rikki og mændene	director	Lau Lauritzen, Jr.
Rikki og mændene	director	Lisbeth Movin
Dronningens vagtmester	director	Johan Jacobsen
Peters landlov	director	Ebbe Langberg
Miss April (1963 film)	director	Finn Henriksen
Suddenly, a Woman!	director	Anker Sørensen
South of Tana River	director	Bent Christensen (director)
South of Tana River	director	Henry Geddes
South of Tana River	director	Sven Methling
Paradise and Back	director	Gabriel Axel
The Castle (1964 film)	director	Anker Sørensen
The World is Big and Salvation Lurks Around the Corner	director	Stefan Komandarev
Death Comes at High Noon	director	Erik Balling
Crush'd	director	Victor Neili, Jr.
Muallaf	director	Yasmin Ahmad
The Last Egyptian    1	director	J. Farrell MacDonald
Landmandsliv	director	Erik Balling
Gift (1966 film)	director	Knud Leif Thomsen
Flagermusen	director	Annelise Meineche
Hagbard and Signe	director	Gabriel Axel
I Belong to Me (film)	director	Erik Balling
Martha (1967 film)	director	Erik Balling
Nagai Go no Horror Gekijo: Mannequin	director	Hidehiro Ito
The Taking of Power by Louis XIV	director	Roberto Rossellini
To Kill with Intrigue	director	Lo Wei
Amrithadhare	director	Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar
The Olsen Gang (film)	director	Erik Balling
Kisses Right and Left	director	Ole Roos
The Olsen Gang in a Fix	director	Erik Balling
80,000 Suspects	director	Val Guest
Revolution My A	director	Erik Balling
Ballade på Christianshavn	director	Erik Balling
Tomorrow My Love	director	Finn Karlsson
The Olsen Gang's Big Score	director	Erik Balling
19 Red Roses	director	Esben Høilund Carlsen
The Olsen Gang on the Track	director	Erik Balling
The Double Man (1976 film)	director	Franz Ernst
The Moelleby Affair	director	Tom Hedegaard
List of VeggieTales episodes	director	Mike Nawrocki
Going to Press	director	Edward L. Cahn
Don't Lie (film)	director	Edward L. Cahn
Surprised Parties	director	Edward L. Cahn
Marching On!	director	Spencer Williams
Doin' Their Bit	director	Herbert Glazer
Rover's Big Chance	director	Herbert Glazer
Mighty Lak a Goat	director	Herbert Glazer
The Owl vs Bombo	director	Sammo Hung
Unexpected Riches	director	Herbert Glazer
Terror (1977 film)	director	Gert Fredholm
Mind Your Back, Professor	director	Jens Okking
The Heritage (film)	director	Anders Refn
The Olsen Gang Long Gone	director	Erik Balling
Slade In Flame	director	Richard Loncraine
Creation (2009 film)	director	Jon Amiel
Nagai Go no Horror Gekijo: Kirikagami	director	Hidehiro Ito
The Little Mermaid (1968 film)	director	Ivan Aksenchuk
Something Weird (film)	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Put Out or Get Out	director	Donna Dietch
Beethoven's Big Break	director	Mike Elliott
The Harimaya Bridge	director	Aaron Woolfolk
Sam Benedict	director	Abner Biberman
Sam Benedict	director	Lawrence Dobkin
Sam Benedict	director	Richard Donner
Sam Benedict	director	Ida Lupino
Sam Benedict	director	Don Medford
Sam Benedict	director	Boris Sagal
The Girlfriend Experience	director	Steven Soderbergh
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (film series)	director	Steve Barron
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (film series)	director	Kevin Munroe
Tara (TV series)	director	Raman Kumar
3 Watch It Go	director	Dimebag Darrell
Benjamin Franklin, Jr.	director	Herbert Glazer
Election Daze	director	Herbert Glazer
Calling All Kids	director	Sam Baerwitz
Farm Hands	director	Herbert Glazer
Little Miss Pinkerton	director	Herbert Glazer
Three Smart Guys	director	Edward L. Cahn
Radio Bugs	director	Cy Endfield
Tale of a Dog	director	Cy Endfield
The Curse of the Living Corpse	director	Del Tenney
(sic)nesses	director	Shawn Crahan
(sic)nesses	director	P. R. Brown
Morituri (1948 film)	director	Eugen York
Rod Rocket	director	Lou Scheimer
Rod Rocket	director	Hal Sutherland
Ludwig II: Glanz und Ende eines Königs	director	Helmut Käutner
Children, Mother, and the General	director	László Benedek
Hanussen (1955 film)	director	O. W. Fischer
Hanussen (1955 film)	director	Georg Marischka
The Happy Place	director	Nathan Hope
Suburban Roulette	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Business Trip	director	Randall Einhorn
Apocalipsur	director	Javier Mejía Osorio
The Insensitive Princess	director	Michel Ocelot
Romasanta	director	Paco Plaza
Remorques	director	Jean Grémillon
Come Home (DVD)	director	Robin Bextor
Agram, die Hauptstadt Kroatien	director	Oktavijan Miletić
A Place for Lovers	director	Vittorio De Sica
Middle Sexes: Redefining He and She	director	Antony Thomas
The Black Cat (1981 film)	director	Lucio Fulci
Lost Command	director	Mark Robson
Afterwards	director	Gilles Bourdos
Um Thron und Liebe	director	Fritz Kortner
Beloved Corinna	director	Eduard von Borsody
Winter in the Woods	director	Wolfgang Liebeneiner
A Time to Love and a Time to Die	director	Douglas Sirk
The Avenger (1960 film)	director	Karl Anton
The Dead Eyes of London	director	Alfred Vohrer
The Devil's Daffodil	director	Ákos Ráthonyi
Bankraub in der Rue Latour	director	Curd Jürgens
Aai (film)	director	A. Venkatesh (director)
Dragon Hunters (film)	director	Guillaume Ivernel
Dragon Hunters (film)	director	Arthur Qwak
The Strange Countess	director	Josef von Báky
The Puzzle of the Red Orchid	director	Helmut Ashley
Der Rote Rausch	director	Wolfgang Schleif
The Door with Seven Locks (1962 film)	director	Alfred Vohrer
The Inn on the River	director	Alfred Vohrer
The Squeaker (1963 film)	director	Alfred Vohrer
The Hunting Party (1971 film)	director	Don Medford
The Black Cobra (1963 film)	director	Rudolf Zehetgruber
The Black Abbot (1963 film)	director	Franz Josef Gottlieb
Chupacabra: Dark Seas	director	John Shepphird
The Indian Scarf	director	Alfred Vohrer
Scotland Yard vs. Dr. Mabuse	director	Paul May
Saw VI	director	Kevin Greutert
Fame (2009 film)	director	Kevin Tancharoen
Tales of a Third Grade Nothing	director	Jerry Langford
Koochie Koochie Hota Hai	director	Tarun Mansukhani
Kali Yug: Goddess of Vengeance	director	Mario Camerini
The Secret of the Black Widow	director	Franz Josef Gottlieb
Piccadilly Zero Hour 12	director	Rudolf Zehetgruber
The Last Ride to Santa Cruz	director	Rolf Olsen (actor)
Waiting Room to the Beyond	director	Alfred Vohrer
The Curse of the Hidden Vault	director	Franz Josef Gottlieb
Last of the Renegades	director	Harald Reinl
99 Francs (film)	director	Jan Kounen
The Best Burger in New York	director	Pamela Fryman
DuPont Show of the Month	director	Sidney Lumet
DuPont Show of the Month	director	Ralph Nelson
DuPont Show of the Month	director	Alex Segal
DuPont Show of the Month	director	Robert Mulligan
Baby Sister (film)	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
Me and My Town	director	David Warren
Eye of the Storm (1970 film)	director	William Peters
The Abbott and Costello Cartoon Show	director	William Hanna
The Abbott and Costello Cartoon Show	director	Joseph Barbera
Museo de la Naturaleza y el Hombre	director	Rafael González Antón
Aux yeux du souvenir	director	Jean Delannoy
Underfist: Halloween Bash	director	Shaun Cashman
Mickey (TV series)	director	Richard Whorf
Decadence (film)	director	Steven Berkoff
Kallukkul Eeram	director	P.S.Nivas
Sunday Dinner for a Soldier	director	Lloyd Bacon
Retour de manivelle	director	Denys de La Patellière
Nandu (film)	director	J. Mahendran
Hisss	director	Jennifer Lynch
Pandemic (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Jailbreakers	director	William Friedkin
Bless This House (film)	director	Gerald Thomas
Polis is This: Charles Olson and the Persistence of Place	director	Henry Ferrini
Get Him to the Greek	director	Nicholas Stoller
School of International Affairs	director	Tiyanjana Maluwa, Ph.D.
Secret of the Chinese Carnation	director	Rudolf Zehetgruber
The Other Lover	director	Robert Ellis Miller
Traitor's Gate (film)	director	Freddie Francis
Neues vom Hexer	director	Alfred Vohrer
Friends 'Til the End	director	Jack Bender
The Dirty Game	director	Christian-Jaque
The Dirty Game	director	Werner Klingler
The Dirty Game	director	Carlo Lizzani
The Dirty Game	director	Terence Young (director)
August (1996 film)	director	Anthony Hopkins
Siren Call	director	Frank Prinzi
Dharma Dorai	director	Rajasekar (director)
Kyuketsu Onsen e Yokoso	director	Hitoshi Matsuyama
Maltese Cross (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jim McKay (director)
Jonas Brothers: The 3D Concert Experience	director	Bruce Hendricks
Nancy Drew and the Hidden Staircase (film)	director	William Clemens (film director)
Lancer Spy	director	Gregory Ratoff
Kid Glove Killer	director	Fred Zinnemann
31 North 62 East	director	Tristan Loraine
Welcome Aboard Toxic Airlines	director	Tristan Loraine (film director)
Modern Vampires	director	Richard Elfman
Mahulbanir Sereng	director	Sekhar Das
Cherry Blossoms (film)	director	Doris Dörrie
Faceless (film)	director	Jesús Franco
The Lodger (2009 film)	director	David Ondaatje
The Best Little Girl in the World	director	Sam O'Steen
Mother Is a Freshman	director	Lloyd Bacon
Deal Or No Deal (Prison Break)	director	Bobby Roth
The Island of Dr. Moreau (1996 film)	director	John Frankenheimer
That Man in Istanbul	director	Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi
The Pleasure Girls	director	Gerry O'Hara
Sleeping with the Devil (film)	director	William A. Graham (director)
Killer's Carnival	director	Alberto Cardone
Killer's Carnival	director	Robert Lynn (director)
Killer's Carnival	director	Sheldon Reynolds (producer)
Killer's Carnival	director	Louis Soulanes
Bedfellows (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
Meera (1945 film)	director	Ellis R. Dungan
Creature with the Blue Hand	director	Alfred Vohrer
Creature with the Blue Hand	director	Samuel M. Sherman
The Million Eyes of Sumuru	director	Lindsay Shonteff
The Last Thakur	director	Sadik Ahmed
Biloxi Blues (film)	director	Mike Nichols
Real Time (film)	director	Randall Cole
BASEketball	director	David Zucker (filmmaker)
G String Divas	director	Patti Kaplan
No More Orchids	director	Walter Lang
Country Crossover	director	Bill L. Norton
Miit (TV series)	director	Anurag Basu
The Heart of a Nation	director	Julien Duvivier
Pat & Stan	director	Pierre Coffin
Soldiers Sortie	director	Kang Honglei
Faltu	director	Anjan Das
Duress (film)	director	Jordan Barker
The Black Fox	director	Yan Jun
The Black Fox	director	Run Run Shaw
Shake, Rattle & Roll X	director	Mike Tuviera
Shake, Rattle & Roll X	director	Topel Lee
Agora (film)	director	Alejandro Amenábar
Longitude (TV series)	director	Charles Sturridge
A Taste of Blood	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Running Mates (film)	director	Ron Lagomarsino
Ghair Khanooni	director	Prayaag Raaj
Five Golden Dragons	director	Jeremy Summers
Psychopath (1968 film)	director	Guido Zurli
Coplan Saves His Skin	director	Yves Boisset
Ladies Love Brutes	director	Rowland V. Lee
The Ruthless Four	director	Giorgio Capitani
Blasters (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Constantine Makris
Trust Me (TV series)	director	Ciaran Donnelly (director)
Trust Me (TV series)	director	Scott Ellis
Trust Me (TV series)	director	Nelson McCormick (director)
Trust Me (TV series)	director	Michael M. Robin
Trust Me (TV series)	director	Greer Shephard
Trust Me (TV series)	director	Rick Wallace
Trust Me (TV series)	director	Scott Winant
Trust Me (TV series)	director	Andy Wolk
Trust Me (TV series)	director	Craig Zisk
The Boy from Oklahoma	director	Michael Curtiz
Privilege (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
Kodiesvaran	director	Nandakumar
Momma's Boys	director	Ryan Seacrest
I Soferina	director	Alekos Sakellarios
I Soferina	director	Kostas Lychnaras
I Soferina	director	Takis Vougiouklakis
The Grass Harp (film)	director	Charles Matthau
Glynis	director	E.W. Swackhamer
Tawaif (film)	director	B.R.Chopra
68 Pages	director	Sridhar Rangayan
Dog (film)	director	Suzie Templeton
Pride and Vengeance	director	Luigi Bazzoni
The Vatican Affair	director	Emilio Miraglia
Sons of Satan	director	Duccio Tessari
Sartana the Gravedigger	director	Giuliano Carnimeo
Marquis de Sade: Justine	director	Jesús Franco
Nenu Meeku Telusa...?	director	Ajay Sastry
The Story of Will Rogers	director	Michael Curtiz
Stanley (film)	director	Suzie Templeton
Transylvania Twist	director	Jim Wynorski
Captain Abu Raed	director	Amin Matalqa
L.O.L.: Lack of Love	director	Kenichi Nishi
Scrooge (1935 film)	director	Henry Edwards (actor)
Novel Romance	director	Emily Skopov
Black Water Transit	director	Tony Kaye (director)
All's Faire in Love	director	Scott Marshall (director)
City on Fire (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Grossman (disambiguation)
The Color of Fame	director	Alejandro Bellame
The Greatest Show on Earth (TV series)	director	Arthur Hiller
The Greatest Show on Earth (TV series)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
The Greatest Show on Earth (TV series)	director	Vincent McEveety
The Greatest Show on Earth (TV series)	director	Jack Palance
Jackson (film)	director	J. F. Lawton
Mani Madhava Chakyar: The Master at Work (film)	director	Kavalam Narayana Panicker
The Big Cage	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
Kantatar	director	Bappaditya Bandopadhyay
Pussycat, Pussycat, I Love You	director	Rod Amateau
Cold Prey 2	director	Mats Stenberg
The Rebound	director	Bart Freundlich
Up from the Beach	director	Robert Parrish
Shoot Twice	director	Nando Cicero
Double Face	director	Riccardo Freda
Gangster's Law	director	Siro Marcellini
Salt in the Wound	director	Tonino Ricci
Venus in Furs (1969 film)	director	Jesús Franco
How Did a Nice Girl Like You Get Into This Business?	director	Will Tremper
And God Said to Cain	director	Antonio Margheriti
Saving Milly	director	Dan Curtis
Shakuntala (1940 film)	director	Ellis R. Dungan
Frame Toby	director	Jason Reitman
Hello Kitty's Furry Tale Theater	director	Michael Maliani
Crimetime (film)	director	George Sluizer
Art Imitates Life	director	Kenneth Fink
Gribouille (film)	director	Marc Allégret
Orage (film)	director	Marc Allégret
La Loi du nord	director	Jacques Feyder
Les Musiciens du ciel	director	Georges Lacombe (film director)
Two Tickets to London	director	Edwin L. Marin
Fabiola (film)	director	Alessandro Blasetti
Devaki (film)	director	Bappaditya Bandopadhyay
Argumental	director	Ian Lorimer
Children of Mata Hari	director	Jean Delannoy
Kaal (2007 film)	director	Bappaditya Bandopadhyay
Churchill's Leopards	director	Maurizio Pradeaux
Rough Justice (film)	director	Mario Costa (director)
Eye of the Spider	director	Roberto Bianchi Montero
A Fistful of Death	director	Demofilo Fidani
A Barrel Full of Dollars	director	Demofilo Fidani
His Name Was King	director	Giancarlo Romitelli
Slaughter Hotel	director	Fernando Di Leo
Pray to Kill and Return Alive	director	Giuseppe Vari
Vengeance Is a Dish Served Cold	director	Pasquale Squitieri
The Price of Death	director	Lorenzo Gicca Palli
Black Killer	director	Carlo Croccolo
Albatross (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Frank Prinzi
The Return of Clint the Stranger	director	Alfonso Balcázar
Accidents Happen	director	Andrew Lancaster
Flipped (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jim McKay (director)
Wanted (1967 film)	director	Giorgio Ferroni
Heroes in Hell (film)	director	Joe D'Amato
Japanese War Bride	director	King Vidor
The Bloody Hands of the Law	director	Mario Gariazzo
The Grand Olympics	director	Romolo Marcellini
Death Smiles at a Murderer	director	Joe D'Amato
Immigrants (2008 film)	director	Gábor Csupó
The Hand That Feeds the Dead	director	Sergio Garrone
The Hand That Feeds the Dead	director	Yilmaz Duru
Lover of the Monster	director	Sergio Garrone
Footprints on the Moon (1975 film)	director	Luigi Bazzoni
Footprints on the Moon (1975 film)	director	Mario Fanelli
Return of Shanghai Joe	director	Bitto Albertini
Going My Way (TV series)	director	Fielder Cook
Going My Way (TV series)	director	Robert Florey
Going My Way (TV series)	director	Joseph Pevney
The Net (1975 film)	director	Manfred Purzer
Jack the Ripper (1976 film)	director	Jesús Franco
Bhai Bahen	director	Ram Daryani
Le déserteur (film)	director	Simon Lavoie
Bitten (film)	director	Harv Glazer
Operation: Endgame	director	Fouad Mikati
The Naked Heart	director	Marc Allégret
Casanova & Co.	director	Franz Antel
Le Château de verre	director	René Clément
The Strange Madame X	director	Jean Grémillon
Darker than Amber (film)	director	Robert Clouse
La Minute de vérité	director	Jean Delannoy
Return to Sender (film)	director	Bille August
Obsession (1954 film)	director	Jean Delannoy
Kenny Begins	director	Carl Åstrand
Kenny Begins	director	Mats Lindberg
Oasis (1955 film)	director	Yves Allégret
Marguerite de la nuit	director	Claude Autant-Lara
Marie Antoinette Queen of France	director	Jean Delannoy
Blue Planet (film)	director	Ben Burtt
The Vintage	director	Jeffrey Hayden
Dangerous Curves (1929 film)	director	Lothar Mendes
Girls for the Summer	director	Gianni Franciolini
Indian Institute of Technology Mandi	director	Timothy A. Gonsalves
When Betty Met YETI	director	Victor Neili, Jr.
Lifespan (film)	director	Sandy Whitelaw
Golden Night	director	Serge Moati
The French Woman	director	Just Jaeckin
Death of a Corrupt Man	director	Georges Lautner
The Song of Roland (film)	director	Frank Cassenti
Zoo zéro	director	Alain Fleischer
Piranha 3D	director	Alexandre Aja
Haine (film)	director	Dominique Goult
La femme enfant	director	Raphaële Billetdoux
Fruits of Passion	director	Shūji Terayama
Love and Money (film)	director	James Toback
Durai (film)	director	A. Venkatesh (director)
The Soldier (film)	director	James Glickenhaus
The Secret Diary of Sigmund Freud	director	Danford B. Greene
Code Name: Wild Geese	director	Antonio Margheriti
Kajraare	director	Pooja Bhatt
Revenge of the Stolen Stars	director	Ulli Lommel
Commando Leopard	director	Antonio Margheriti
Street Corner (1929 film)	director	Russell Birdwell
The Knight of the Dragon	director	Fernando Colomo
Timestalkers	director	Michael Schultz
Grandi cacciatori	director	Augusto Caminito
Báječná léta pod psa	director	Petr Nikolaev
Graveyard Alive	director	Elza Kephart
Kadalora Kavithaigal	director	P. Bharathiraja
Dirty Gertie from Harlem U.S.A.	director	Spencer Williams (actor)
Devi (TV series)	director	Anant Mahadevan
Le Miroir à deux faces	director	André Cayatte
Maxime (film)	director	Henri Verneuil
The Low Life	director	George Hickenlooper
Pourquoi viens-tu si tard?	director	Henri Decoin
Les Scélérats	director	Robert Hossein
The Routine (Oz episode)	director	Darnell Martin
Street Corner (1953 film)	director	Muriel Box
Egklima sta paraskinia	director	Dinos Katsouridis
Les Lions sont lâchés	director	Henri Verneuil
Cop Hater (film)	director	William A. Berke
Three Faces of Sin	director	François Villiers
Young Person's Guide to History	director	Dave Willis
Les Yeux cernés	director	Robert Hossein
Le Chat et la souris	director	Claude Lelouch
Jara Bristite Bhijechhilo	director	Anjan Das
Mirrors (film)	director	Alexandre Aja
High School Musical (film series)	director	Kenny Ortega
The Temple Mount is Mine	director	Willy Lindwer
We're Talking Serious Money	director	James Lemmo
Ek Mahal Ho Sapno Ka (TV series)	director	Vipul Amrutlal Shah
Dangerous Touch	director	Lou Diamond Phillips
Play of the Week	director	Stuart Burge
Play of the Week	director	Marc Daniels
Play of the Week	director	Sidney Lumet
Play of the Week	director	Ralph Nelson
Play of the Week	director	Don Richardson (director)
Play of the Week	director	Boris Sagal
The Guitar (film)	director	Amy Redford
Beirut Open City	director	Samir Habchi
Rencontres	director	Philippe Agostini
Benjamin (film)	director	Michel Deville
Dear Lemon Lima	director	Suzi Yoonessi
The Tab Hunter Show	director	Philip Rapp
The Tab Hunter Show	director	Norman Tokar
Monsieur Beaucaire (1946 film)	director	George Marshall (director)
The Sovereign's Servant	director	Oleg Ryaskov
Villains (Heroes)	director	Allan Arkush
The Ball of Count Orgel	director	Yves Allégret
Nagai Go World: Maboroshi Panty VS Henchin Pokoider	director	Minoru Kawasaki (film director)
The Women (1939 film)	director	George Cukor
Lula, The Son of Brasil	director	Fábio Barreto
Mann Vasanai	director	P. Bharathiraja
The Little Ballerina	director	Lewis Gilbert
Maya Miriga	director	Nirad N. Mohapatra
Once a Sinner	director	Lewis Gilbert
There Is Another Sun	director	Lewis Gilbert
Ek Je Aachhe Kanya	director	Subrata Sen
Amrutha Varshini	director	Dinesh Baboo
Swapner Feriwala	director	Subrata Sen
Billa (2009 film)	director	Meher Ramesh
Arya 2	director	Sukumar
Lola (TV series)	director	Stefanos Kontomaris
Lola (TV series)	director	Kostas Kostopoulos
Aatadista	director	Ravikumar Chowdary
Ullasamga Utsahamga	director	K. Karunakaran
J'ai quelque chose à vous dire	director	Marc Allégret
Esther and the King	director	Raoul Walsh
Pandemic 2: The Startling	director	Trey Parker
The Doll (film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Giv Gud en chance om søndagen	director	Henrik Stangerup
The Beast with a Million Eyes	director	David Kramarsky
After.Life	director	Agnieszka Wojtowicz-Vosloo
Nizhalgal	director	P. Bharathiraja
Yogi Bear (film)	director	Eric Brevig
Life Show	director	Huo Jianqi
Scarlet Thread	director	Lewis Gilbert
Johnny on the Run	director	Lewis Gilbert
Matira Manisha	director	Mrinal Sen
Sathi	director	Haranath Chakraborty
Saathi	director	C. V. Sridhar
Shesha Drushti	director	Apurba Kishore Bir
Biswaprakash	director	Susant Misra
Sri Lokenath	director	Prafulla Sengupta
Absolon	director	David Barto
Sangee	director	Haranath Chakraborty
Magunira Shagada	director	Prafulla Mohanty
Casino Raiders	director	Jimmy Heung
Casino Raiders	director	Wong Jing
Monas verden	director	Jonas Elmer (director)
Jewel of the Sahara	director	Ariel Vromen
El Dorado (1921 film)	director	Marcel L'Herbier
The Great Revival	director	Hou Yong (cinematographer)
Palm Springs Weekend	director	Norman Taurog
The Avenging Conscience	director	D. W. Griffith
Silvester Home Run	director	Sebastian Bieniek
To Get to Heaven, First You Have to Die	director	Jamshed Usmonov
The Stolen Airship	director	Karel Zeman
The True Story of Jesse James	director	Nicholas Ray
A Bullet Runs Through It	director	Danny Cannon
A Bullet Runs Through It	director	Kenneth Fink
Boz Salkyn (Pure Coolness) (film)	director	Ernest Abdyjaparov
The Killing Room	director	Jonathan Liebesman
The Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain (1985 TV series)	director	Johnnie To
The Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain (1985 TV series)	director	Benny Chan (film director)
Nater Guru	director	Haranath Chakraborty
Aamra	director	Mainak Bhaumik
Deja Vu (1988 film)	director	Juliusz Machulski
Bibar	director	Subrata Sen
Kudiattam	director	Prakash Jha
A Vision's Just a Vision	director	Larry Shaw
Jelenin svet	director	Tanja Brzaković
He Knew He Was Right (TV serial)	director	Tom Vaughan (director)
Seediq Bale	director	Wei Te-Sheng
Sisters in Law	director	Florence Ayisi
Sisters in Law	director	Kim Longinotto
The Orchid Gardener	director	Lars von Trier
Goodbye Solo	director	Ramin Bahrani
Burning Palms (film)	director	Christopher B. Landon
A (1965 film)	director	Jan Lenica
A Burning Passion: The Margaret Mitchell Story	director	Larry Peerce
Occupation (TV serial)	director	Nick Murphy (director)
Mata Ki Chowki	director	Rajesh Ram Singh
Mata Ki Chowki	director	Ranjan Kumar Singh
Tornado Girl	director	John Terlesky
Mujhe Chaand Chahiye	director	Raja Bundela
It's Breaking News	director	Vishal Inamdar
Short Eyes (film)	director	Robert M. Young (film director)
Sugar & Spice (Picket Fences)	director	Alan Myerson
Read Between the Lines (DVD)	director	Doug Spangenberg
Takers	director	John Luessenhop
Greatness Achieved (Prison Break)	director	Jesse Bochco
The Legend (Prison Break)	director	Dwight H. Little
The Extraordinary Adventures of Mr. West in the Land of the Bolsheviks	director	Lev Kuleshov
Blue Ice (film)	director	Russell Mulcahy
Las 13 rosas	director	Emilio Martínez Lázaro
Sweet Revenge (1998 film)	director	Malcolm Mowbray
Raining Cats and Frogs	director	Jacques-Rémy Girerd
District 13: Ultimatum	director	Patrick Alessandrin
The New Adventures of Pinocchio (1960 TV program)	director	Jules Bass
The New Adventures of Pinocchio (1960 TV program)	director	Arthur Rankin, Jr.
Quiet Riot (Prison Break)	director	Kevin Hooks
Magic Man (film)	director	Roscoe Lever
Die, Monster, Die!	director	Daniel Haller
Her Big Chance	director	Stuart Burge
Kaminey	director	Vishal Bhardwaj
Big Rig (film)	director	Doug Pray
Soldiering On	director	Tristram Powell
A Bed Among the Lentils	director	Alan Bennett
A Lady of Letters	director	Giles Foster
A Chip in the Sugar	director	Stuart Burge
Far North (2007 film)	director	Asif Kapadia
Hammersmith Is Out	director	Peter Ustinov
Life During Wartime (Grey's Anatomy)	director	James Frawley
Rottweiler (film)	director	Brian Yuzna
Mahakaal (2008 film)	director	Swapan Ghosal
About Last Night... (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Checkmate (2008 film)	director	Sanjay Jadhav
Raskolnikow (film)	director	Robert Wiene
The Parson's Widow	director	Carl Theodor Dreyer
The Philosophers Stone (Harmon)	director	Raymond Salvatore Harmon
Victoria Day (film)	director	David Bezmozgis
No, or the Vain Glory of Command	director	Manoel de Oliveira
Santa (film)	director	Antonio Moreno
Twelve Angry Men (Westinghouse Studio One)	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
The Boy in Blue (1919 film)	director	F. W. Murnau
Satan (1920 film)	director	F. W. Murnau
The Hunchback and the Dancer	director	F. W. Murnau
Evening – Night – Morning	director	F. W. Murnau
Dear Mr. Wonderful	director	Peter Lilienthal
Bus Stop (TV series)	director	Robert Altman
Beyond the Game	director	Jos de Putter
The Water Magician	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
The Downfall of Osen	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Orochi (film)	director	Buntarō Futagawa
Gyakuryu	director	Buntarō Futagawa
A Delicate Balance – The Truth	director	Aaron Scheibner
Lust for Gold	director	S. Sylvan Simon
The Secret of the Iron Door	director	Mikhail Yuzovsky
Chance of a Lifetime (film)	director	Bernard Miles
Blind Husbands	director	Erich von Stroheim
Into My Heart	director	Sean Smith (director)
Into My Heart	director	Anthony Stark (director)
Rage (2009 film)	director	Sally Potter
No Exit (1962 film)	director	Tad Danielewski
Journey Into the Night	director	F. W. Murnau
Marizza	director	F. W. Murnau
The Expulsion (film)	director	F. W. Murnau
The Grand Duke's Finances	director	F. W. Murnau
Sonny (film)	director	Nicolas Cage
Kill Switch (film)	director	Jeff King
La Digue (film)	director	Abel Gance
From Paris with Love (film)	director	Pierre Morel
Let It Bleed (CSI)	director	Brad Tanenbaum
Un drame au château d'Acre	director	Abel Gance
The Mask of Horror	director	Abel Gance
Le périscope	director	Abel Gance
Les Gaz mortels	director	Abel Gance
Le droit à la vie	director	Abel Gance
The Torture of Silence	director	Abel Gance
Barberousse	director	Abel Gance
The Zone of Death	director	Abel Gance
The Tenth Symphony	director	Abel Gance
The Plot to Kill Hitler (film)	director	Lawrence Schiller
Ninjas vs. Zombies	director	Justin Timpane
I Can't Think Straight	director	Shamim Sarif
The Guv'nor (film)	director	Milton Rosmer
Man in the Sky	director	Charles Crichton
1:1 (film)	director	Annette K. Olesen
Rooster's Breakfast	director	Marko Naberšnik
The Ironmaster	director	Abel Gance
The Ironmaster	director	Fernand Rivers
Poliche	director	Abel Gance
The Sensei	director	Diana Lee Inosanto
The Big Man	director	David Leland
Speedy Delivery	director	Paul B. Germain
Holding Trevor	director	Rosser Goodman
Thanksgiving (2004 film)	director	Tom Donahue
Nightworld: Lost Souls	director	Jeff Woolnough
Parajanov: The Last Spring (film)	director	Mikhail Vartanov
Parajanov: The Last Spring (film)	director	Sergei Parajanov
En rachâchant	director	Straub-Huillet
En rachâchant	director	Straub-Huillet
Radio Bikini	director	Robert Stone (director)
The Rainbow (film)	director	Ken Russell
Rent: Filmed Live on Broadway	director	Michael John Warren
Last Resort (House)	director	Katie Jacobs
Leave out All the Rest (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
Woulda, Coulda, Shoulda	director	Brad Tanenbaum
Food of the Gods II	director	Damian Lee
Consuming Passion	director	Dan Zeff
Kochu Kochu Santhoshangal	director	Sathyan Anthikad
20 Dates	director	Myles Berkowitz
War Department Report	director	Oliver Lincoln Lundquist
Design for Death	director	Richard Fleischer
The World Is Rich	director	Paul Rotha
Daybreak in Udi	director	Terry Bishop
The Titan: Story of Michelangelo	director	Robert J. Flaherty
The Titan: Story of Michelangelo	director	Richard Lyford
The Titan: Story of Michelangelo	director	Curt Oertel
Erandam Ulagam	director	Selvaraghavan
The Dark Defender	director	Keith Gordon
The End of America (film)	director	Ricki Stern
The End of America (film)	director	Anne Sundberg
Riddler's Moon	director	Don McBrearty
Kill, Baby, Kill	director	Mario Bava
Indian Summer (1993 film)	director	Mike Binder
Sorry Bhai!	director	Onir
Tomar Jonyo	director	Nilanjan Banerjee
Friendship (film)	director	Chatchai Naksuriya
With These Hands	director	Jack Arnold (director)
The Sea Around Us (film)	director	Irwin Allen
Strange Circus	director	Sion Sono
Navajo (film)	director	Norman Foster (director)
The Stratford Adventure	director	Morten Parker
Crèvecoeur (film)	director	Jacques Dupont (director)
Where Mountains Float	director	Bjarne Henning-Jensen
Frankie and Alice	director	Geoffrey Sax
On the Bowery	director	Lionel Rogosin
Torero (film)	director	Carlos Velo
Antarctic Crossing	director	George Lowe (director)
Psychiatric Nursing	director	Lee R. Bobker
The Race for Space	director	David L. Wolper
Tipu Kanan Tipu Kiri	director	Sharad Sharan
Killer Meteors	director	Jimmy Wang (actor)
Killer Meteors	director	Lo Wei
Alvorada (film)	director	Hugo Niebeling
The Link and the Chain	director	Jacques Ertaud
The Link and the Chain	director	Bernard Gorki
Kylie Live: X2008	director	William Baker (fashion designer)
Dol (film)	director	Hiner Saleem
Invitation (film)	director	Gottfried Reinhardt
14-18	director	Jean Aurel
Alleman (film)	director	Bert Haanstra
The Finest Hours	director	Peter Baylis
Four Days in November	director	Mel Stuart
Fuel (film)	director	Josh Tickell
The Forth Road Bridge	director	Gordon Lang (director)
Let My People Go: The Story of Israel	director	Marshall Flaum
To Die in Madrid	director	Frédéric Rossif
Helicopter Canada	director	Eugene Boyko
The Really Big Family	director	Alex Grasshoff
Le Volcan interdit	director	Haroun Tazieff
A Warm December	director	Sidney Poitier
Live at Sturgis 2006 (Nickelback DVD)	director	Daniel Catullo
Arka Sokaklar	director	Orhan Oğuz
The Drivetime	director	Antero Alli
Kurama Tengu (film)	director	Teppei Yamaguchi
Elementary School Musical (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Oatsurae Jirokichi Koshi	director	Daisuke Itō (film director)
The Hard Way (1943 film)	director	Vincent Sherman
Enemy at the Gate (Stargate Atlantis)	director	Andy Mikita
Satyawadi Raja Harishchandra	director	Rustomji Dhotiwala
Who's the Woman, Who's the Man?	director	Peter Chan
Wilfred Owen: A Remembrance Tale	director	Louise Hooper
A Woman in Love and War: Vera Brittain	director	Claire Whalley
Paruva Ragam	director	V. Ravichandran
The Skin	director	Liliana Cavani
The Deserter (1971 film)	director	Burt Kennedy
Same Time, Next Year (film)	director	Robert Mulligan
The Count of Monte Cristo (1929 film)	director	Henri Fescourt
High School Musical: El Desafio	director	Jorge Nisco
Stand by for Action	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Flickan vid stenbänken	director	Marianne Ahrne
A Secret Life (film)	director	Larry Peerce
Adams of Eagle Lake	director	Lawrence Dobkin
Adams of Eagle Lake	director	Walter Grauman
Adams of Eagle Lake	director	Jud Taylor
Stowaway (2001 film)	director	Clarence Fok
The Spy Next Door	director	Brian Levant
Tintorettor Jishu (film)	director	Sandip Ray
Protected (film)	director	Alessandro Cavadini
2 Harihar Nagar	director	Lal (actor)
The Voyeur (film)	director	Franco Indovina
The Reef (1999 film)	director	Robert Allan Ackerman
Dada's Dance	director	Zhang Yuan
Camille (2007 film)	director	Gregory Mackenzie
The Wild World of Batwoman	director	Jerry Warren
L'Inhumaine	director	Marcel L'Herbier
Other Voices (1970 film)	director	David H. Sawyer
Sara dar dah daghigh-eh	director	Sadaf Foroughi
The Olympics in Mexico	director	Alberto Isaac
Dance Flick	director	Damien Dante Wayans
Chariots of the Gods (film)	director	Harald Reinl
Destined for Blues	director	Jan Kidawa-Błoński
Yaji and Kita: The Battle of Toba Fushimi	director	Tomiyasu Ikeda
Kodakara Sodo	director	Torajiro Saito
Akeyuku Sora	director	Torajiro Saito
The Man with Two Faces	director	Yongmin Lee
Roningai	director	Masahiro Makino
Sozenji Baba	director	Masahiro Makino
Is Anybody There?	director	John Crowley (director)
Halloween (1978 film)	director	John Carpenter
The Elephant King	director	Seth Grossman
Ghost World (film)	director	Terry Zwigoff
Solaris (1972 film)	director	Andrei Tarkovsky
Planet of the Apes (2001 film)	director	Tim Burton
The Castle (film)	director	Rob Sitch
Night and Fog (film)	director	Alain Resnais
Black (2005 film)	director	Sanjay Leela Bhansali
The Orange Girl (film)	director	Eva Dahr
Mistresses (2009 TV series)	director	Sergio Mimica-Gezzan
Jack Johnson (film)	director	Jim Jacobs (director)
Say Goodbye (film)	director	David H. Vowell
Ra (film)	director	Lennart Ehrenborg
Ra (film)	director	Thor Heyerdahl
The Benny Goodman Story	director	Valentine Davies
Private Lives (film)	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
Uncertainty (film)	director	Scott McGehee
Uncertainty (film)	director	David Siegel
Dita and the Family Business	director	Joshua Taylor
Dita and the Family Business	director	Ferne Pearlstein
Christmas Mountain (film)	director	Pierre de Moro Giafferi
Tell-Tale (film)	director	Michael Cuesta
Black Panther (TV series)	director	Mark Brooks (director)
Black Panther (TV series)	director	Jon Schnepp
The Lost Treasure of the Grand Canyon	director	Farhad Mann
Jungle Jim (film)	director	William A. Berke
Secrets of the Furious Five	director	Raman Hui
Ties to Rachel	director	Jon Resnik
The City Without Jews	director	Hans Karl Breslauer
Meerabai Not Out	director	Chandrakant Kulkarni
But Not for Me (film)	director	Walter Lang
Blood of Bahamut	director	Motomu Toriyama
Walled In	director	Gilles Paquet-Brenner
Estate of Panic	director	J. Rupert Thompson
Hasina (film)	director	Girish Kasaravalli
First Class (TV series)	director	Lee Chew Yen
First Class (TV series)	director	Deakarajen V Sanmugan
First Class (TV series)	director	Sherkhan
First Class (TV series)	director	Ian Seymour
First Class (TV series)	director	Wu Min Xiu
Never a Dull Moment (1950 film)	director	George Marshall (director)
Dreyfus (1930 film)	director	Richard Oswald
Dreyfus (1931 film)	director	Milton Rosmer
People of the Cumberland	director	Sidney Meyers
People of the Cumberland	director	Jay Leyda
Manik (2005 film)	director	Prabhat Roy
Comment réussir quand on est con et pleurnichard	director	Michel Audiard
Interval (1973 film)	director	Daniel Mann
Say Uncle (CSI)	director	Richard J. Lewis
Playing Mona Lisa	director	Matthew Huffman
Ape and Super-Ape	director	Bert Haanstra
Malcolm X (1972 film)	director	Arnold Perl
From a Whisper to a Scream (film)	director	Jeff Burr
Always a New Beginning	director	John D. Goodell
Journey to the Outer Limits	director	Alex Grasshoff
Tempting Faith (Private Practice)	director	James Frawley
Crime and Punishment (Private Practice)	director	Mark Tinker
If Walls Could Talk (TLC)	director	Laurie Brian
If Walls Could Talk (TLC)	director	Lori Allred
The Itch	director	Greg Yaitanes
Picnic on the Grass	director	Jean Renoir
Tramway (film)	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Champion (2003 film)	director	Rabi Kinagi
Battle of Berlin (film)	director	Franz Baake
Battle of Berlin (film)	director	Jost von Morr
Walls of Fire	director	Herbert Kline
Walls of Fire	director	Edmund Penney
Stamboul Quest	director	Sam Wood
The Challenge... A Tribute to Modern Art	director	Herbert Kline
The 81st Blow	director	David Bergman (director)
The 81st Blow	director	Jacques Ehrlich
The 81st Blow	director	Haim Gouri
The Wild and the Brave	director	Eugene S. Jones
Swing High, Swing Low (film)	director	Mitchell Leisen
The Thieving Hand	director	J. Stuart Blackton
The Incredible Machine (film)	director	Irwin Rosten
The Incredible Machine (film)	director	Ed Spiegel
The Other Half of the Sky: A China Memoir	director	Shirley MacLaine
The Other Half of the Sky: A China Memoir	director	Claudia Weill
Hollywood on Trial	director	David Helpern
Off the Edge	director	Michael Firth
Volcano: An Inquiry Into the Life and Death of Malcolm Lowry	director	Donald Brittain
Volcano: An Inquiry Into the Life and Death of Malcolm Lowry	director	John Kramer (director)
Son Buluşma	director	Nesli Çölgeçen
The Children of Theatre Street	director	Robert Dornhelm
The Children of Theatre Street	director	Earle Mack (director)
High Grass Circus	director	Tony Ianzelo
High Grass Circus	director	Torben Schioler
Homage to Chagall: The Colours of Love	director	Harry Rasky
Union Maids	director	Jim Klein
Union Maids	director	Miles Mogulescu
Union Maids	director	Julia Reichert
Legend of the Guardians: The Owls of Ga'Hoole	director	Zack Snyder
Jane Eyre (1934 film)	director	Christy Cabanne
Solstorm	director	Leif Lindblom
Drowning Ghost (film)	director	Mikael Håfström
Apartment for Peggy	director	George Seaton
Les Pas perdus	director	Jacques Robin
Go Go Tales	director	Abel Ferrara
Raoni	director	Jean-Pierre Dutilleux
Raoni	director	Luiz Carlos Saldanha
The Lovers' Wind	director	Albert Lamorisse
With Babies and Banners: Story of the Women's Emergency Brigade	director	Lorraine Gray
Going the Distance (1979 film)	director	Paul Cowan (filmmaker)
Agee (film)	director	Ross Spears
The Day After Trinity	director	Jon H. Else
Front Line (film)	director	David Bradbury (filmmaker)
The Yellow Star – The Persecution of the Jews in Europe 1933-45	director	Dieter Hildebrandt
Eight Minutes to Midnight: A Portrait of Dr. Helen Caldicott	director	Mary Benjamin
El Salvador: Another Vietnam	director	Glenn Silber
El Salvador: Another Vietnam	director	Teté Vasconcellos
The Battle at Apache Pass	director	George Sherman
A Portrait of Giselle	director	Muriel Balash
After the Axe	director	Sturla Gunnarsson
Ben's Mill	director	Michel Chalufour
Ben's Mill	director	John Karol
In Our Water	director	Meg Switzgable
The Profession of Arms (1983 film)	director	Michael Bryans
The Profession of Arms (1983 film)	director	Tina Viljoen
Seeing Red (film)	director	Jim Klein
Seeing Red (film)	director	Julia Reichert
Wedding in Galilee	director	Michel Khleifi
High Schools (film)	director	Charles Guggenheim
In the Name of the People (1985 film)	director	Frank Christopher
Don't Ask, Don't Tell (Roseanne)	director	Philip Charles MacKenzie
Mile Post 398	director	Shonie De La Rosa
Mile Post 398	director	Andee De La Rosa
Akai Ito (TV series)	director	Shosuke Murakami
Akai Ito (TV series)	director	Yasuhiro Kawamura
The Blue Hills	director	Raimo Jõerand
Mr. Belvedere Goes to College	director	Elliott Nugent
Mr. Belvedere Rings the Bell	director	Henry Koster
Chaturanga (film)	director	Suman Mukhopadhyay
The Lollipop Generation	director	G. B. Jones
That Sinking Feeling	director	Bill Forsyth
When the Moors Ruled in Europe	director	Timothy Copestake
The Life and Death of Jeremy Bentham	director	Jack Bender
The Children (2008 film)	director	Tom Shankland
Feast 3: The Happy Finish	director	John Gulager
Gandhinagar 2nd Street	director	Sathyan Anthikad
The Mothers of Plaza de Mayo	director	Susana Blaustein Muñoz
The Mothers of Plaza de Mayo	director	Lourdes Portillo
Soldiers in Hiding	director	Malcolm Clarke (director)
Rhythm on the Range	director	Norman Taurog
Bharathi (film)	director	Gnana Rajasekaran
Witness to Apartheid	director	Sharon I. Sopher
Hellfire: A Journey from Hiroshima	director	Michael Camerini
Hellfire: A Journey from Hiroshima	director	John Junkerman
Hellfire: A Journey from Hiroshima	director	James MacDonald (director)
A Stitch for Time	director	Nigel Noble
The Faculty (TV series)	director	Tom Cherones
The Faculty (TV series)	director	Will Mackenzie
Blue Gap Boy'z	director	Holt Hamilton
Flamenco (1995 film)	director	Carlos Saura
The Surplus	director	Paul Feig
Home of Angels	director	Nick Stagliano
Our Feature Presentation	director	Gardner Loulan
Beauty No. 1	director	Andy Warhol
Le bar du téléphone	director	Claude Barrois
La très très grande entreprise	director	Pierre Jolivet
The Puppy Episode	director	Gil Junger
Moroccan Christmas	director	Paul Feig
First Time Felon	director	Charles S. Dutton
The Cry of Reason: Beyers Naude – An Afrikaner Speaks Out	director	Robert Bilheimer
Who Killed Vincent Chin?	director	Christine Choy
Who Killed Vincent Chin?	director	Renee Tajima-Peña
Adam Clayton Powell (film)	director	Richard Kilberg
Crack USA: County Under Siege	director	Vince DiPersio
Crack USA: County Under Siege	director	Bill Guttentag
Super Chief: The Life and Legacy of Earl Warren	director	Bill Jersey
Other People's Children (TV series)	director	Pete Travis
Hara (film)	director	Soundarya Rajinikanth
Shannon's Rainbow	director	Frank E. Johnson
Jack (2004 film)	director	Lee Rose
I theia ap' to Chicago	director	Alekos Sakellarios
Canada 98	director	Gerald Richardson (director)
Canada 98	director	Farley Mowat
Canada 98	director	David Pears
House (1977 film)	director	Nobuhiko Obayashi
Premi	director	Rabi Kinagi
Mastan (2004 film)	director	Rabi Kinagi
Bandhan (2004 film)	director	Rabi Kinagi
Yuddho (2005 film)	director	Rabi Kinagi
GE True	director	William Conrad
GE True	director	Jack Webb
The Poor Little Rich Girl (1936 film)	director	Irving Cummings
All Things	director	Gillian Anderson
My Magic	director	Eric Khoo
Building Bombs	director	Mark Mori
Building Bombs	director	Susan J. Robinson (director)
Waldo Salt: A Screenwriter's Journey	director	Eugene Corr
Waldo Salt: A Screenwriter's Journey	director	Robert Hillmann
Death on the Job	director	Vince DiPersio
Death on the Job	director	Bill Guttentag
Doing Time: Life Inside the Big House	director	Alan Raymond
The Restless Conscience: Resistance to Hitler Within Germany 1933-1945	director	Hava Kohav Beller
Changing Our Minds: The Story of Dr. Evelyn Hooker	director	Richard Schmiechen
Fires of Kuwait	director	David Douglas (director)
That Certain Age	director	Edward Ludwig
Liberators: Fighting on Two Fronts in World War II	director	Bill Miles
Liberators: Fighting on Two Fronts in World War II	director	Nina Rosenblum
Music for the Movies: Bernard Herrmann	director	Joshua Waletzky
Christy: A Change of Seasons	director	George Kaczender
Nobody's Perfekt	director	Peter Bonerz
Broken Sky (film)	director	Julián Hernández Pérez
The Disappearance of Garcia Lorca	director	Marcos Zurinaga
Compulsion (television film)	director	Sarah Harding (director)
Pooja (1975 film)	director	Murugan Kumaran
Rocky Mountain (film)	director	William Keighley
First Love (1939 film)	director	Henry Koster
Complaints of a Dutiful Daughter	director	Deborah Hoffmann
D-Day Remembered	director	Charles Guggenheim
The Mysteries of Providence	director	Eric Berthier
A Great Day in Harlem (film)	director	Jean Bach
The Canadians (1961 film)	director	Burt Kennedy
Tomorrow at Ten	director	Lance Comfort
Unthinkable	director	Gregor Jordan
Knitting (film)	director	Yin Lichuan
The Professional (film)	director	Dušan Kovačević
Tunnelling the English Channel	director	Georges Méliès
Sunday Lovers	director	Bryan Forbes
Sunday Lovers	director	Édouard Molinaro
Believe in the Stars	director	Don Scardino
Black Dynamite	director	Scott Sanders (director)
Rich in Love	director	Bruce Beresford
The Wave (2008 film)	director	Dennis Gansel
Bad Amanda	director	John Putch
Proteus (2004 film)	director	David Lebrun
Hank Aaron: Chasing the Dream	director	Michael Tollin
Small Wonders	director	Allan Miller (director)
The Line King: The Al Hirschfeld Story	director	Susan Warms Dryfoos
Suzanne Farrell: Elusive Muse	director	Anne Belle
Suzanne Farrell: Elusive Muse	director	Deborah Dickson
The Pigeon That Took Rome	director	Melville Shavelson
Tell the Truth and Run: George Seldes and the American Press	director	Rick Goldsmith
It Was a Wonderful Life	director	Michèle Ohayon
Ayn Rand: A Sense of Life	director	Michael Paxton
Rosita (film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Rosita (film)	director	Raoul Walsh
Colors Straight Up	director	Michèle Ohayon
Jiang hu: The Triad Zone	director	Dante Lam
Tomie (film series)	director	Ataru Oikawa
Tomie (film series)  Tomie: Another Face富江 アナザフェイス   1	director	Toshiro Inomata
Tomie (film series)  Tomie: replay富江 replay   1	director	Tomijiro Mitsuishi
Tomie (film series)  Tomie: Re-birth富江 re-birth   1	director	Takashi Shimizu
Tomie (film series)  Tomie: Forbidden Fruit富江　最終章～禁断の果実～   1	director	Shun Nakahara
Tomie (film series)  Tomie: Beginning富江 BEGINNING   1	director	Ataru Oikawa
Tomie (film series)  Tomie: Revenge富江 REVENGE   1	director	Ataru Oikawa
Tomie (film series)  Tomie Unlimited富江 アンリミテッド　   1	director	Noboru Iguchi
Star Crystal	director	Lance Lindsay
A Home at the End of the World (film)	director	Michael Mayer (director)
It's a Date	director	William A. Seiter
Couples Retreat	director	Peter Billingsley
The Naked Man (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
My Friend Joe	director	Chris Bould
Osa kryvei i nychta	director	Stelis Zografakis
Al-Mughamara	director	Muhammad Shahin
Sadhu Babar Lathi	director	Sanghita Banerjee
Aaynate	director	Dulal Dey
Ask Any Girl (film)	director	Charles Walters
The Dancemaker	director	Matthew Diamond
Lenny Bruce: Swear to Tell the Truth	director	Robert B. Weide
Regret to Inform	director	Barbara Sonneborn
Legacy (2000 film)	director	Tod Lending
The Karamazovs	director	Petr Zelenka
Captive (2005 film)	director	Gastón Biraben
A Colbert Christmas: The Greatest Gift of All!	director	Jim Hoskinson
Moon (film)	director	Duncan Jones
The Sunshine State (Prison Break)	director	Kevin Hooks
Coyote (1992 film)	director	Richard Ciupka
The Sound of the Violin in My Lai	director	Tran Van Thuy
The Hell Patrol	director	Turner Van Ryn
The Siege of Sidney Street	director	Robert S. Baker
The Siege of Sidney Street	director	Monty Berman
The Black Tent	director	Brian Desmond Hurst
Love In Singapore	director	Rafi Mecartin
And Now the Screaming Starts!	director	Roy Ward Baker
Christmas Under Fire	director	Charles Hasse
Christmas Under Fire	director	Harry Watt (director)
Siddu +2	director	K. Bhagyaraj
A Letter from Home (film)	director	Carol Reed
Life of a Thoroughbred	director	Tom Cummiskey
Soldiers of the Sky	director	Earl Allvine
Warclouds in the Pacific	director	Stuart Legg
Children of Mars	director	Frank Donovan
Plan for Destruction	director	Edward L. Cahn
Enter Laughing (film)	director	Carl Reiner
Swedes in America	director	Irving Lerner
Tayong Dalawa	director	Ruel S. Bayani
Barbarian (film)	director	Henry Crum
New Americans (film)	director	Slavko Vorkapić
Library of Congress (film)	director	Alexandr Hackenschmied
Mr Bones 2: Back from the Past	director	Gray Hofmeyr
A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (1921 film)	director	Emmett J. Flynn
Fujian Blue	director	Weng Shouming
Virgil (film)	director	Mabrouk El Mechri
And Along Come Tourists	director	Robert Thalheim
December Bride (Roseanne)	director	Gail Mancuso
Going Under (Prison Break)	director	Karen Gaviola
Behind Enemy Lines: Colombia	director	Tim Matheson
Fight or Die	director	Emre Sahin
Love Story (2008 Bengali film)	director	Raj Mukherjee (film director)
Bronson (film)	director	Nicolas Winding Refn
Partners (2009 film)	director	Peter James Iengo
Sanctuary for All	director	Martin Wood
Commissioner (film)	director	Shaji Kailas
Wild Geese II	director	Peter R. Hunt
Kristin Lavransdatter (film)	director	Liv Ullmann
Genghis Khan (1998 film)	director	Fu Sai
Genghis Khan (1998 film)	director	Mai Lisi
A Hero Never Dies	director	Johnnie To
Battle of Kosovo (film)	director	Zdravko Šotra
Traffic with the Devil	director	Gunther von Fritsch
School in the Mailbox	director	Stanley Hawes
Heart to Heart (film)	director	Gunther von Fritsch
Chains of Gold	director	Rod Holcomb
1848 (film)	director	Marguerite de la Mure
1848 (film)	director	Victoria Mercanton
The Rising Tide (film)	director	Jean Palardy
The Fight: Science Against Cancer	director	Morten Parker
Dulha Ganga Paar Ke	director	Rajkumar Sharma
Udedh Bun	director	Siddharth Sinha
La Sorcière (film)	director	André Michel
Cougars (30 Rock)	director	Michael Engler
The Running Man (1963 film)	director	Carol Reed
Mirch	director	Vinay Shukla
303 Fear Faith Revenge	director	Somching Srisupap
Jitsuroku Chushingura	director	Shōzō Makino (director)
Raiden (film)	director	Shōzō Makino (director)
Raiden (film)	director	Sadatsugu Matsuda
Who Do I Choose?	director	Shusuke Kaneko
Hong Kong Paradise	director	Shusuke Kaneko
My Soul Is Slashed	director	Shusuke Kaneko
Graduation Journey: I Came from Japan	director	Shusuke Kaneko
No Worries on the Recruit Front	director	Shusuke Kaneko
The Secret Invasion	director	Roger Corman
Krantikaal	director	Sekhar Das
God's Left Hand, Devil's Right Hand	director	Shusuke Kaneko
Lorelei: The Witch of the Pacific Ocean	director	Shinji Higuchi
Wrangler: Anatomy of an Icon	director	Jeffrey Schwarz
Secrets (1924 film)	director	Frank Borzage
Fired Up!	director	Will Gluck
Death or Canada	director	Ruán Magan
Devil Take Us	director	Herbert Morgan
The Garden Spider	director	Alberto Ancilotto
Man Alive! (film)	director	William T. Hurtz
Love Me Again (film)	director	Rory Quintos
A Lady of Chance	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Life Is Hot in Cracktown	director	Buddy Giovinazzo
Beale Street Mama	director	Spencer Williams (actor)
Friendly Fire (1979 film)	director	David Greene (director)
Evolution: The Musical!	director	Kenny Taylor (director)
Mary and Max	director	Adam Elliot
Inside Schwartz	director	Gail Mancuso
Inside Schwartz	director	Gil Junger
Season of the Witch (2011 film)	director	Dominic Sena
Oh, My God (2008 film)	director	Sourabh Shrivastava
Oh, My God (2008 film)	director	Amit Kapoor
Junior High School (film)	director	Michael Nankin
Un amore	director	Gianni Vernuccio
L'antimiracolo	director	Ellio Piccon
The Dictator's Guns	director	Claude Sautet
Assassination in Rome	director	Silvio Amadio
Seven Hours of Gunfire	director	Joaquín Luis Romero Marchent
The Magic World of Topo Gigio	director	Federico Caldura
The Magic World of Topo Gigio	director	Luca De Rico
A City Decides	director	Charles Guggenheim
The Girl in Room 20	director	Spencer Williams (actor)
The Dark Wave	director	Jean Negulesco
Journey Into Spring	director	Ralph Keene
The Living Stone	director	John Feeney
Overture (1958 film)	director	Gian Luigi Polidoro
Stolen Kosovo	director	Václav Dvořák
Love You More (film)	director	Sam Taylor-Wood
The Sweet Ride	director	Harvey Hart
It's a Summer Vacation Everyday	director	Shusuke Kaneko
Say a Little Prayer (film)	director	Richard Lowenstein
Harry's War (1999 film)	director	Richard Frankland
The Whore and the Whale	director	Luis Puenzo
No Way to Forget	director	Richard Frankland
The King of the Mountain (film)	director	Gonzalo López-Gallego
Zoé Kezako	director	Fabrice Fouquet
Chicha tu madre	director	Gianfranco Quattrini
The Adventurer of Tortuga	director	Luigi Capuano
A Coffin for the Sheriff	director	Mario Caiano
The Reckless	director	Giuliano Montaldo
Berlin, Appointment for the Spies	director	Vittorio Sala
Buffalo Bill, Hero of the Far West	director	Mario Costa
La bugiarda	director	Luigi Comencini
Cadavere a spasso	director	Marco Masi
How We Got Into Trouble with the Army	director	Lucio Fulci
Don Camillo in Moscow	director	Luigi Comencini
Con il cuore fermo Sicilia	director	Gianfranco Mingozzi
Con rispetto parlando	director	Marcello Ciorciolini
La Congiuntura	director	Ettore Scola
Conqueror of Atlantis	director	Alfonso Brescia
Nora's Hair Salon 2: A Cut Above	director	Jill Maxcy
You Changed My Life	director	Cathy Garcia Molina
Beyond Silence (1960 film)	director	Edmond Levy (director)
Kandan Karunai	director	A. P. Nagarajan
A City Called Copenhagen	director	Jørgen Roos
Never Surrender (film)	director	Héctor Echavarría
Bikhare Moti	director	Tapi Chanakya
Jal Bin Machhli Nritya Bin Bijli	director	V. Shantaram
Preetam	director	Bhappi Sonie
Raajneeti	director	Prakash Jha
De Dana Dan	director	Priyadarshan
The Abdication	director	Anthony Harvey
Something to Hide	director	Alastair Reid
Let Them Eat Cake (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
Joy to the World (House)	director	David Straiton
Banana Split (TV series)	director	Edgar Mortiz
Kismet (1920 film)	director	Louis J. Gasnier
Ankahi	director	Shahzad Khalil
Ankahi	director	Shoaib Mansoor
Ankahi	director	Mohsin Ali
The Duke of Mount Deer (1984 TV series)	director	Johnnie To
Mid-Afternoon Barks	director	Zhang Yuedong
Parents of the Band	director	Dominic Brigstocke
Taxi!!!	director	Joseph Hardy
The Book of Eli	director	Hughes brothers
Black Coffee (1931 film)	director	Leslie S. Hiscott
At the Villa Rose (1930 film)	director	Leslie S. Hiscott
A Woman Scorned (1999 film)	director	Treva Etienne
Server Sundaram	director	Krishnan Panju
Konga (film)	director	John Lemont
The Ungroundable	director	Trey Parker
10:10 (film)	director	Arin Paul
Brown Sugar (1931 film)	director	Leslie S. Hiscott
Dear Rosie	director	Peter Cattaneo
The Iron Stair (1933 film)	director	Leslie S. Hiscott
Cradle of Genius	director	Paul Rotha
The John Glenn Story	director	Michael R. Lawrence
The Five Cities of June	director	Bruce Herschensohn
Thirty Million Letters	director	James Ritchie (director)
Breaking the Habit (film)	director	John Korty
Children Without	director	Charles Guggenheim
Eskimo Artist: Kenojuak	director	John Feeney
Mural on Our Street	director	Dee Dee Halleck
Yeats Country	director	Patrick Carey (director)
A Country Doctor (film)	director	Kōji Yamamura
Until They Sail	director	Robert Wise
Drag Me to Hell	director	Sam Raimi
Kamen Rider Decade	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Kamen Rider Decade	director	Osamu Kaneda
Kamen Rider Decade	director	Takao Nagaishi
Kamen Rider Decade	director	Takayuki Shibasaki
Kamen Rider Decade	director	Hidenori Ishida
Kamen Rider Decade	director	Naomi Tamura
Pokrajina št. 2	director	Vinko Möderndorfer
So Young, So Bad	director	Bernard Vorhaus
Undertow (1949 film)	director	William Castle
The Tempest (2010 film)	director	Julie Taymor
Franz Schubert (film)	director	Walter Kolm-Veltée
Muscle Heat	director	Ten Shomiyama
Adolescence (film)	director	Marin Karmitz
Cowboy (1966 film)	director	Michael Ahnemann
The Odds Against	director	Lee R. Bobker
Monument to the Dream	director	Charles Guggenheim
Monument to the Dream	director	L. T. Iglehart
Saint Matthew Passion (film)	director	Tamás Czigány
Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye!	director	Dibakar Banerjee
While I Run This Race	director	Edmond Levy (director)
The House That Ananda Built	director	Fali Bilimoria
The Revolving Door	director	Lee R. Bobker
An Impression of John Steinbeck: Writer	director	Donald Wrye
Jenny Is a Good Thing	director	Joan Horvath
Leo Beuerman	director	Gene Boomer
Captain Prabhakaran	director	R. K. Selvamani
The Baltimore Bullet	director	Robert Ellis Miller
Oisin (film)	director	Patrick Carey (director)
Time Is Running Out (film)	director	Robert Ménégoz
Adventures in Perception	director	Han Van Gelder
Art Is...	director	Julian Krainin
Art Is...	director	DeWitt Sage
Hundertwasser's Rainy Day	director	Peter Schamoni
K-Z	director	Giorgio Treves
The Tide of Traffic	director	Derek Williams
Background (1973 film)	director	Carmen D'Avino
Christo's Valley Curtain	director	Albert and David Maysles
Christo's Valley Curtain	director	Ellen Giffard
Arthur and Lillie	director	Jon Else
Whistling Smith	director	Marrin Canell
Whistling Smith	director	Michael J. F. Scott
American Shoeshine	director	Sparky Greene
Blackwood (film)	director	Tony Ianzelo
Blackwood (film)	director	Andy Thomson (director)
The End of the Road (1976 film)	director	John Armstrong (director)
Universe (1976 film)	director	Lester Novros
First Edition (film)	director	Helen Whitney
Agathe Cléry	director	Étienne Chatiliez
The Shetland Experience	director	Derek Williams
The Divided Trail: A Native American Odyssey	director	Jerry Aronson
Goodnight Miss Ann	director	August Cinquegrana
Dae (film)	director	Stole Popov
Koryo Celadon	director	Paul Raimondi
Nails (film)	director	Phillip Borsos
Evel Knievel (film)	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
When London Sleeps	director	Leslie S. Hiscott
Our Lady of the Assassins (film)	director	Barbet Schroeder
Go Down, Death!	director	Spencer Williams (actor)
Alaloum	director	Giorgos Apostolidis (director)
Alaloum	director	Giannis Smaragdis
Alaloum	director	Giannis Typaldos
The Miracle of the Cards	director	Mark Griffiths
Boston Latino TV	director	Digna Gerena
The Secret of the Storm Country	director	Charles Miller (director)
Going Straight (film)	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
The Eruption of Mount St. Helens!	director	George Casey (director)
Americas in Transition	director	Obie Benz
Journey for Survival	director	Dick Young (producer)
Urge to Build	director	Roland Hallé
Perrier's Bounty	director	Ian Fitzgibbon
Galacticast	director	Rudy Jahchan
And Thou Shalt Love	director	Chaim Elbaum
Our Beloved Month of August	director	Miguel Gomes (film director)
Good Times, Wonderful Times	director	Lionel Rogosin
SS Girls	director	Bruno Mattei
The Eternal City (1923 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
The Klan: A Legacy of Hate in America	director	Werner Schumann
To Live or Let Die	director	Terry Sanders
Traveling Hopefully	director	John G. Avildsen
You Are Free (film)	director	Dea Brokman
You Are Free (film)	director	Ilene Landis
In the Nuclear Shadow: What Can the Children Tell Us?	director	Eric Thiermann
In the Nuclear Shadow: What Can the Children Tell Us?	director	Vivienne Verdon-Roe
Sewing Woman	director	Arthur Dong
The Children of Soong Ching Ling	director	Gary Bush
Code Gray: Ethical Dilemmas in Nursing	director	Joan Sawyer
The Garden of Eden (1984 film)	director	Roger M. Sherman
Recollections of Pavlovsk	director	Irina Kalinina (director)
Otto; or Up with Dead People	director	Bruce LaBruce
Is Everybody Happy? (1929 film)	director	Archie Mayo
King Shot	director	Alejandro Jodorowsky
Skin (2008 film)	director	Anthony Fabian
Juke Joint (1947 film)	director	Spencer Williams (actor)
Cyborg She	director	Kwak Jae-yong
The Roses of the Desert	director	Mario Monicelli
The Real Thing at Last	director	J. M. Barrie
Goa (film)	director	Venkat Prabhu
The Courage to Care	director	Robert H. Gardner
Keats and His Nightingale: A Blind Date	director	Jim Wolpaw
Making Overtures: The Story of a Community Orchestra	director	Larry Weinstein
The Wizard of the Strings	director	Peter Friedman (director)
Sam (film)	director	Aaron D. Weisblatt
In the Wee Wee Hours...	director	Izak Ben-Meir
Gang Cops	director	Thomas B. Fleming
Gang Cops	director	Daniel Marks (director)
The Children's Storefront (film)	director	Karen Goodman
Portrait of Imogen	director	Meg Partridge
Polytechnique (film)	director	Denis Villeneuve
Woodchipper Massacre	director	Jon McBride (director)
The Law and Mr. Jones	director	Charles F. Haas
The Law and Mr. Jones	director	Robert Ellis Miller
The Train (1970 film)	director	Ravikant Nagaich
Hemanter Pakhi	director	Urmi Chakraborty
Abar Aranye	director	Gautam Ghose
Dream Slashers	director	Philippe Ney
Chimps: So Like Us	director	Karen Goodman
Chimps: So Like Us	director	Kirk Simon
Burning Down Tomorrow	director	Kit Thomas
Journey Into Life: The World of the Unborn	director	Derek Bromhall
A Little Vicious	director	Immy Humes
Birdnesters of Thailand	director	Éric Valli
Birdnesters of Thailand	director	Alain Majani d'Inguimbert
Memorial: Letters from American Soldiers	director	Bill Couturié
When Abortion Was Illegal: Untold Stories	director	Dorothy Fadiman
Smilin' Through (1941 film)	director	Frank Borzage
Smilin' Through (1922 film)	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
Smilin' Through (1932 film)	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
The Constant Nymph (1928 film)	director	Adrian Brunel
Satan War	director	Bartell LaRue
Slappy and the Stinkers	director	Barnet Kellman
30 Days of Night: Dust to Dust	director	Ben Ketai
From a Night Porter's Point of View	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Robosapien: Rebooted	director	Sean McNamara (director)
Mon Mane Na (2008 film)	director	Sujit Guha
Wind Across the Everglades	director	Nicholas Ray
Gardens of the Night	director	Damian Harris
Mazhayethum Munpe	director	Kamal (director)
Mettukudi	director	Sundar C.
Nakhakshathangal	director	Hariharan (director)
On Secret Service	director	Arthur B. Woods
Self Made Man	director	Holly Dale
Intercessor: Another Rock 'N' Roll Nightmare	director	Benn McGuire
Intercessor: Another Rock 'N' Roll Nightmare	director	Jacob Windatt
Second Serve	director	Anthony Page
Kuvaputki	director	Edward Quist
Black Roots (film)	director	Lionel Rogosin
Space Buddies	director	Robert Vince
The Corner Bar	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
The Corner Bar	director	Rick Edelstein
Histoire de Pen	director	Michel Jetté
Blood on the Flat Track	director	Lainy Bagwell
Blood on the Flat Track	director	Lacey Leavitt
Van Gogh (1991 film)	director	Maurice Pialat
At the Edge of Conquest: The Journey of Chief Wai-Wai	director	Geoffrey O'Connor
The Colours of My Father: A Portrait of Sam Borenstein	director	Joyce Borenstein
Blood Ties: The Life and Work of Sally Mann	director	Steven Cantor
Blood Ties: The Life and Work of Sally Mann	director	Peter Spirer
89mm from Europe	director	Marcel Łoziński
Chicks in White Satin	director	Elaine Holliman
Blues Highway (film)	director	Bill Guttentag
School of the Americas Assassins	director	Robert Richter (American film producer)
Straight from the Heart (1994 film)	director	Dee Mosbacher
Straight from the Heart (1994 film)	director	Frances Reid (director)
Paiyaa	director	N. Linguswamy
The Shadow of Hate	director	Charles Guggenheim
Never Give Up: The 20th Century Odyssey of Herbert Zipper	director	Terry Sanders
The Wild Bunch: An Album in Montage	director	Paul Seydor
An Essay on Matisse	director	Perry Wolff
Amazon (1997 film)	director	Kieth Merrill
Family Video Diaries: Daughter of the Bride	director	Terri Randall
Still Kicking: The Fabulous Palm Springs Follies	director	Mel Damski
A Place in the Land	director	Charles Guggenheim
Sunrise Over Tiananmen Square	director	Shui-Bo Wang
Eyewitness (1999 film)	director	Bert Van Bork
The Wildest Show in the South: The Angola Prison Rodeo	director	Simeon Soffer
Black Fantasy	director	Lionel Rogosin
Megamind	director	Tom McGrath (animator)
Curtain Call (2000 film)	director	Charles Braverman
On Tiptoe: Gentle Steps to Freedom	director	Eric Simonson
Sheitan	director	Kim Chapiron
The Man on Lincoln's Nose	director	Daniel Raim
Sing!	director	Freida Lee Mock
Mighty Times: The Legacy of Rosa Parks	director	Robert Houston
Why Can't We Be a Family Again?	director	Murray Nossel
Why Can't We Be a Family Again?	director	Roger Weisberg
The Shooting Of Dan McGoo	director	Tex Avery
Asylum (2003 film)	director	Sandy McLeod
Left Behind film series	director	Vic Sarin
Left Behind film series	director	Craig R. Baxley
How Do You Like Them Bananas?	director	Lionel Rogosin
Arab Israeli Dialogue	director	Lionel Rogosin
Woodcutters of the Deep South	director	Lionel Rogosin
The Kingdom of Solomon (film)	director	Shahriar Bahrani
The Children of Leningradsky	director	Andrzej Celinski (director)
The Children of Leningradsky	director	Hanna Polak
Sister Rose's Passion	director	Oren Jacoby
Two Hands: The Leon Fleisher Story	director	Nathaniel Kahn
Recycled Life	director	Leslie Iwerks
La Corona (film)	director	Amanda Micheli
La Corona (film)	director	Isabel Vega
Salim Baba	director	Tim Sternberg
Koshish (TV series)	director	Anurag Basu
Sari's Mother	director	James Longley (filmmaker)
Bachpan	director	Kotayya Pratyagatma
Bhagwan Parshuram	director	Babubhai Mistry
Bhai-Bhai	director	Raja Nawathe
Chetna	director	B. R. Ishara
Dharti	director	Sridhar
Geet (1970 film)	director	Ramanand Sagar
Ghar Ghar Ki Kahani	director	Tatineni Prakash Rao
Maa Aur Mamta	director	Asit Sen (director)
Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
Samaj Ko Badal Dalo	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
Pehchan (1970 film)	director	Sohanlal Kanwar
Mastana	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Thunder Birds (1942 film)	director	William A. Wellman
Satan Never Sleeps	director	Leo McCarey
Spread (film)	director	David Mackenzie (director)
Talentime	director	Yasmin Ahmad
Dost Aur Dushman	director	Kewal Misra
Door Ka Raahi	director	Kishore Kumar
Man Mandir	director	Tapi Chanakya
Saat Sawal	director	Babubhai Mistry
Sansar (1971 film)	director	Dilip Bose
Ek Nari Ek Brahmachari	director	Kotayya Pratyagatma
Gambler (1971 film)	director	Amarjeet
Hulchul (1971 film)	director	O.P. Ralhan
Tulsi Vivah (film)	director	Chandrakant
Annadata (1972 film)	director	Asit Sen (director)
Bhai Ho To Aisa	director	Manmohan Desai
Mere Bhaiya	director	Satyendra Nath Bose
Maya Darpan	director	Kumar Shahani
Sabse Bada Sukh	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Shaadi Ke Baad	director	L. V. Prasad
Shehzada	director	K. Shankar
Subah-o-Shyam	director	Tapi Chanakya
Sultana Daku	director	Mohammed Hussain
Zaroorat	director	B. R. Ishara
Yeh Gulistan Hamara	director	Atma Ram
Do Yaar	director	Kewal Misra
Ek Nazar	director	B. R. Ishara
Do Gaz Zameen Ke Neeche	director	Tulsi Ramsay
Mortelle randonnée	director	Claude Miller
Transatlantic (film)	director	William K. Howard
One for the Road (Cheers)	director	James Burrows
Mazinger Z vs. Devilman	director	Tomoharu Katsumata
Maa Bhoomi	director	Gautam Ghose
Saamida	director	Vadivudayaan
Dubai Babu	director	Naganna
Janumada Gelathi	director	Dinesh Baboo
Kalos ilthe to dollario	director	Alekos Sakellarios
Teddy Boy agapi mou	director	Giannis Dalianidis
The Good Life (2007 film)	director	Steve Berra
WhatUwant	director	Bernie Zelvis
Azhakiya Ravanan	director	Kamal (director)
As Dreams Are Made On	director	Gabriel Reid
Major Saab	director	Tinnu Anand
The Shelter (The Twilight Zone)	director	Lamont Johnson
Murder Prevention	director	Justin Chadwick
Murder Prevention	director	Julian Simpson
American Buffalo (film)	director	Michael Corrente
Rockin' the Corps	director	Daniel Catullo
Goopy Bagha Phire Elo	director	Sandip Ray
Magnificent Brute	director	John G. Blystone
Winterset (film)	director	Alfred Santell
Castelo Rá-Tim-Bum (film)	director	Cao Hamburger
Growing Pains: Return of the Seavers	director	Joanna Kerns
Two Knights from Brooklyn	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
The Fight (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Dead Snow	director	Tommy Wirkola
Baggy Pants and the Nitwits	director	Brad Case
Baggy Pants and the Nitwits	director	Gerry Chiniquy
Baggy Pants and the Nitwits	director	Robert McKimson
Dushman (1990 film)	director	Shakti Samanta
Manhattan Merry-Go-Round	director	Charles Reisner
DAICON III and IV Opening Animations	director	Hiroyuki Yamaga
Mr. Monk Is on the Run	director	Randall Zisk
Nadigai	director	Babu Ganesh
The Betrayal (film)	director	Oscar Micheaux
Repati Pourulu	director	T. Krishna
Thee (2009 film)	director	Kicha
Cass (film)	director	Jon S. Baird
Memsahab	director	Arshad Siddiqui
Curiosity Kills the Cat (film)	director	Zhang Yibai
Corinne Goldsmith Dickinson Center for Multiple Sclerosis	director	Fred D. Lublin
Demonic Beauty	director	Bin Banluerit
$9.99	director	Tatia Rosenthal
316 (Lost)	director	Stephen Williams (director)
He Ain't Heavy, He's My Father	director	Peter Chan
Not Easily Broken	director	Bill Duke
Captain Fury	director	Hal Roach
Sagar Alias Jacky Reloaded	director	Amal Neerad
Savage Harvest	director	Robert E. Collins
Alone (2008 film)	director	Çağan Irmak
The Sleeping Cardinal	director	Leslie S. Hiscott
The Counterfeit Plan	director	Montgomery Tully
The Return of Raffles	director	Mansfield Markham
Call of the Sea	director	Leslie S. Hiscott
Heaven's Burning	director	Craig Lahiff
Murder Party	director	Jeremy Saulnier
Cyrano Fernandez	director	Alberto Arvelo
Shahida (1949 film)	director	Luqman (film director)
The Silent Army	director	Jean van de Velde (director)
Topless (film)	director	Eiji Uchida
The Lie (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Robot Chicken: Star Wars Episode II	director	Seth Green
What's My Line (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Solomon (producer)
What's My Line (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Semel
Graduation Day (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	Joss Whedon
Bargaining (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)	director	David Grossman (director)
Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy	director	Andrew Quint
Mil Mascaras vs. the Aztec Mummy	director	Chip Gubera
Last Chance Harvey	director	Joel Hopkins
National Football League (1902)	director	Dave Berry (American football)
Stanley Kubrick's Boxes	director	Jon Ronson
Swing it, magistern!	director	Schamyl Bauman
Passer By (TV film)	director	David Morrissey
Care Bears: Share Bear Shines	director	Davis Doi
Bridge (film)	director	Paolo Mazzucato
La Virgen Negra	director	Ignacio Castillo Cottin
The Troubleshooters (1959 TV series)	director	Robert Altman
Friends (1999 film)	director	Siddique (director)
Rishi (film)	director	Sundar C.
Kalki (film)	director	K. Balachander
Vaaname Ellai	director	K. Balachander
Jathi Malli	director	K. Balachander
Narasimham (film)	director	Shaji Kailas
Jughead (Lost)	director	Rod Holcomb
The Little Prince (Lost)	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Man of Conquest	director	George Nichols Jr.
Chow Bella	director	Gavin Grazer
La Cucaracha (1998 film)	director	Jack Perez
The Boys from Syracuse (film)	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle: Never Ending Odyssey	director	Yuichi Kikuchi
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle: Never Ending Odyssey	director	Yuichi Abe
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle: Never Ending Odyssey	director	Kengo Kaji
Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle: Never Ending Odyssey	director	Hirochika Muraishi
Plump Fiction	director	Bob Koherr
Clarence, the Cross-Eyed Lion	director	Andrew Marton
Looking for Love (film)	director	Don Weis
We Dreamed America	director	Alex Walker
The Twilight Saga: New Moon	director	Chris Weitz
Pokémon: Arceus and the Jewel of Life	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
Azhagan	director	K. Balachander
Oru Veedu Iru Vasal	director	K. Balachander
Personal Effects	director	David Hollander
Thakara	director	Bharathan
Chirosathi	director	Haranath Chakraborty
Guide to: Fundraising and Competition	director	Fred Savage
My Son, My Son!	director	Charles Vidor
Blood on the Arrow	director	Sidney Salkow
Bitter Sweet (1940 film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Your Bad Self	director	John Butler (director)
Flight of the Aquanaut	director	Stephen Low
Two Great Sheep	director	Liu Hao
Go for Broke (2002 film)	director	Jean-Claude La Marre
Jumbo (film)	director	Kompin Kemgumnird
Maskerade (film)	director	Willi Forst
Wild And Woolfy	director	Tex Avery
Asterix at the Olympic Games (film)	director	Frédéric Forestier
Asterix at the Olympic Games (film)	director	Thomas Langmann
Sundown (film)	director	Henry Hathaway
Bluff Master (film)	director	Manmohan Desai
A Few Good Men	director	Rob Reiner
Black and White (2008 Italian film)	director	Cristina Comencini
Seven Women from Hell	director	Robert D. Webb
Pudhu Pudhu Arthangal	director	K. Balachander
Last Night (2010 film)	director	Massy Tadjedin
These Thousand Hills	director	Richard Fleischer
Ethir Neechal (film)	director	K. Balachander
Kanden Kadhalai	director	R. Kannan
Great Catherine (film)	director	Gordon Flemyng
Badal Paree	director	Ugyen Chhopel
Silver Queen	director	Lloyd Bacon
Take a Letter, Darling	director	Mitchell Leisen
Behind the Mask (1958 film)	director	Brian Desmond Hurst
High Terrace	director	Henry Cass
A Monkey's Tale	director	Jean-François Laguionie
Young Man with a Horn (CSI)	director	Jeffrey Hunt
Where God Left His Shoes	director	Salvatore Stabile
Pope Joan (2009 film)	director	Sönke Wortmann
Hierankl	director	Hans Steinbichler
North Face (film)	director	Philipp Stölzl
Northwest Hounded Police	director	Tex Avery
Song of Summer	director	Ken Russell
Living the Dream (film)	director	Christian Schoyen
Living the Dream (film)	director	Allan Fiterman
David der Tolhildan	director	Mano Khalil
Crocodile Shoes II	director	Baz Taylor
Crocodile Shoes II	director	Roger Bamford
Wubbzy's Big Movie	director	Bob Boyle
Bhopal: Prayer for Rain	director	Ravi Kumar
Game of Thrones	director	Tim Van Patten
Game of Thrones	director	Brian Kirk
Game of Thrones	director	Daniel Minahan
Game of Thrones	director	Alan Taylor (director)
Duet (2006 film)	director	Kiarash Anvari
The Battle of the Sexes (1928 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Get Me a Lawyer	director	Allen Coulter
Boy! What a Girl!	director	Arthur H. Leonard
Periyar (film)	director	Gnana Rajasekaran
Wuthering Heights (2009 television serial)	director	Coky Giedroyc
The Frog Prince (1984 film)	director	Brian Gilbert (director)
Delhi-6	director	Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra
Tauba Tauba	director	T L V Prasad
Sano Sansar (film)	director	Alok Nembang
Wild Combination: A Portrait of Arthur Russell	director	Matt Wolf
Yeh Hai Mumbai Meri Jaan (TV series)	director	Manjul Sinha
Out (film)	director	Lionel Rogosin
Kasethan Kadavulada	director	Chitralaya Gopu
The Rocket Post	director	Stephen Whittaker
Halloween II (2009 film)	director	Rob Zombie
Hellbound (film)	director	Aaron Norris
Dhoom series	director	Sanjay Gadhvi
Chouchou (film)	director	Merzak Allouache
The Pawnbroker (film)	director	Sidney Lumet
Kutty (2010 film)	director	Mithran Jawahar
REC 2	director	Jaume Balagueró
REC 2	director	Paco Plaza
The Notorious Elinor Lee	director	Oscar Micheaux
The Young and Evil	director	Julian Breece
Shorts (film)	director	Robert Rodriguez
A Boy and His Shoe	director	Alfonso Cuarón
UST Museum of Arts and Sciences	director	Dominican Order
Hard to Hold (film)	director	Larry Peerce
Philosophy of a Knife	director	Andrey Iskanov
Wrong Side Up	director	Petr Zelenka
Aaranya Kaandam	director	Thiagarajan Kumararaja
Siudo Ko Sindoor	director	Manju Kumar Shrestha
Mongoland	director	Arild Østin Ommundsen
Address Unknown (1944 film)	director	William Cameron Menzies
The Gaucho	director	F. Richard Jones
The Equation of Love and Death	director	Cao Baoping
Ong Bak 3	director	Tony Jaa
Ong Bak 3	director	Panna Rittikrai
Wild 90	director	Norman Mailer
Thaneer Thaneer	director	K. Balachander
Achamillai Achamillai	director	K. Balachander
47 Natkal	director	K. Balachander
My Name Is Jerry	director	Morgan Mead
Step Lively (1944 film)	director	Tim Whelan
The Desert Song (1943 film)	director	Robert Florey
Lady in the Dark (film)	director	Mitchell Leisen
What More Do I Need?	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Mitini	director	Ugyen Chhopel
Je Bho Ramrai Bho	director	Hari Bansha Acharya
When You're Strange	director	Tom DiCillo
Live in Chicago (Stevie Nicks DVD)	director	Joe Thomas
Munde U.K. De	director	Manmohan Singh (director)
Steve Burdick	director	Aaron Lipstadt
Stress Relief	director	Jeffrey Blitz
Hostage for a Day	director	John Candy
District 9	director	Neill Blomkamp
Crime and Punishment (1935 American film)	director	Josef von Sternberg
It Might Be You (TV series)	director	Gilbert Perez
Dressed for Success (Ugly Betty)	director	Matt Shakman
Chaandni Raatain	director	Muhammad Javed Fazil
If You Are the One	director	Feng Xiaogang
Neenyare	director	Sindesh
Bliss (2006 film)	director	Sheng Zhimin
The Red Danube	director	George Sidney
Handling Ships	director	Alan Crick
Handling Ships	director	John Halas
Beat the Drum	director	David Hickson
A.K. (film)	director	Chris Marker
An Actor's Revenge	director	Kon Ichikawa
Aswesuma	director	Bennett Rathnayake
The Act of Seeing with One's Own Eyes	director	Stan Brakhage
Sonnal Thaan Kaadhala	director	Vijaya T. Rajendar
Two Men in Manhattan	director	Jean-Pierre Melville
Änglagård – andra sommaren	director	Colin Nutley
Too Young to Kiss	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Rebellion: The Killing Isle	director	Mamoru Oshii
Rebellion: The Killing Isle	director	Kenta Fukasaku
Rebellion: The Killing Isle	director	Minoru Tahara
Rebellion: The Killing Isle	director	Takanori Tsujimoto
Emerging Pathogens Institute	director	J. Glenn Morris
Manathil Uruthi Vendum	director	K. Balachander
Songs (Stan Brakhage cycle)	director	Stan Brakhage
On the Buses (film)	director	Harry Booth
Mutiny on the Buses	director	Harry Booth
Holiday on the Buses	director	Bryan Izzard
Idi Katha Kaadu	director	K. Balachander
Strapped	director	Forest Whitaker
Our Mother's House	director	Jack Clayton
The Interns (film)	director	David Swift (director)
Tokyo Tower: Mom and Me, and Sometimes Dad (film)	director	Joji Matsuoka
Very Annie Mary	director	Sara Sugarman
Toy Story (franchise)	director	John Lasseter
Toy Story (franchise)	director	Lee Unkrich
Toy Story (franchise)	director	Ash Brannon
Shifty (film)	director	Eran Creevy
Remember Last Night?	director	James Whale
Teenage Rebel	director	Edmund Goulding
Sisters on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
Backlash (1986 film)	director	Bill Bennett (director)
Backroads (film)	director	Phillip Noyce
Ogu and Mampato in Rapa Nui	director	Alejandro Rojas
Bitter Springs (film)	director	Ralph Smart
Engine Sentai Go-onger vs. Gekiranger	director	Satoshi Morota
Chen Mo and Meiting	director	Liu Hao
Dindigul Sarathy	director	Subramaniam Pillai
Street Hero	director	Michael Pattinson
Hayedeh Legendary Persian Diva	director	Pejman Akbarzadeh
Bomma Borusa	director	K. Balachander
A Certain Smile (film)	director	Jean Negulesco
The Gunsaulus Mystery	director	Oscar Micheaux
Nigah	director	Abu Al Hassanat
A Twist of Sand	director	Don Chaffey
Den siste revejakta	director	Ulrik Imtiaz Rolfsen
Journey's End (1930 film)	director	James Whale
I Like Killing Flies	director	Matt Mahurin
The System (film)	director	Michael Winner
Jutro idziemy do kina	director	Michał Kwieciński
Alucarda	director	Juan López Moctezuma
Gentlemen Broncos	director	Jared and Jerusha Hess
Strictly Sinatra	director	Peter Capaldi
After the Ball (1932 film)	director	Milton Rosmer
After the Ball (1957 film)	director	Compton Bennett
The 39 Steps (2008 film)	director	James Hawes
Shifting Gears: A Bisexual Transmission	director	Chi Chi LaRue
Mangamma Sapatham (1965 film)	director	B. Vittalacharya
Aloo Chaat	director	Robby Grewal
Summer and Smoke (film)	director	Peter Glenville
Alien Raiders	director	Ben Rock
Arabic Numeral Series (Stan Brakhage)	director	Stan Brakhage
Swing! (film)	director	Oscar Micheaux
Period of Adjustment (film)	director	George Roy Hill
19 Down	director	Kenneth Fink
Buddies (1983 film)	director	Arch Nicholson
Billy: The Early Years	director	Robby Benson
Scenes from Under Childhood	director	Stan Brakhage
Sivappu Malli	director	Ramanarayanan
The Cheaters (1930 film)	director	Paulette McDonagh
The Clinic (1982 film)	director	David Stevens (screenwriter)
To Catch a Killer	director	Eric Till
Allan Quatermain and the Temple of Skulls	director	Mark Atkins
He's Our You	director	Greg Yaitanes
Hot l Baltimore	director	Bob LaHendro
Panchamirtham	director	Raju Eswaran
Hard asfalt	director	Sølve Skagen
Come Blow Your Horn (film)	director	Bud Yorkin
Above Suspicion (TV drama)	director	Gillies MacKinnon
A Boyfriend for Christmas	director	Kevin Connor (director)
Adi Thadi	director	Shivraj
A Touch of Grey	director	Sandra Feldman
A Touch of Grey	director	Ian D. Mah
La gran aventura de Mortadelo y Filemón	director	Javier Fesser
Can You Teach My Alligator Manners?	director	Robert C. Ramirez
Kadhal Samrajyam	director	Agathiyan
Within (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
Murder in Harlem	director	Oscar Micheaux
Murder in Harlem	director	Clarence Williams
Strike Up the Band (film)	director	Busby Berkeley
A Daughter of the Congo	director	Oscar Micheaux
LBJ: The Early Years	director	Peter Werner
Happy Ever Afters	director	Stephen Burke
Without (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
The Great Commandment	director	Irving Pichel
Gaily, Gaily	director	Norman Jewison
Rasen (TV series)	director	Yoshihiro Kitayama
Reunion (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
Pin Up Girl (film)	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Ten Count	director	Jean de Segonzac
Neighborhood Watch (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
Zorro (Philippines TV series)	director	Mark A. Reyes
Zorro (Philippines TV series)	director	Dominic Zapata
Haage Summane	director	Preetham Gubbi
The Three Hostages (film)	director	Clive Donner
Troma's War	director	Michael Herz (producer)
Troma's War	director	Lloyd Kaufman
My Only Ü	director	Cathy Garcia Molina
D' Anothers	director	Joyce E. Bernal
Enter the Fat One	director	Adam McKay
Travels with My Aunt (film)	director	George Cukor
Cavale	director	Lucas Belvaux
Après la vie	director	Lucas Belvaux
Un couple épatant	director	Lucas Belvaux
Battle Planet	director	Greg Aronowitz
Hour of the Star	director	Suzana Amaral
Encounter (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Charlie Haskell
The Lost City (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Charlie Haskell
The Phantom Stockman	director	Lee Robinson (director)
Next Time Ned	director	Thomas McCue (film director)
All the Way Up	director	James MacTaggart
For Love, Only for Love	director	Giovanni Veronesi
The Greek Labyrinth	director	Rafael Alcázar
The Rebel (1993 film)	director	Aurelio Grimaldi
Dead Space (film)	director	Fred Gallo
Todo es mentira	director	Álvaro Fernández Armero
Un homme qui dort	director	Georges Perec
Un homme qui dort	director	Bernard Queysanne
Kunst im Tunnel	director	Gertrud Peters
E-Preeti	director	Shilpa Priya Jagadeesh
Tarnished Lady	director	George Cukor
Hansie	director	Regardt van den Bergh
The Bohemian Encampment	director	Georges Méliès
Nazi Love Camp 27	director	Mario Caiano
My Jerks	director	Michael Spiller
When a Man Loves a Woman (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Charlie Haskell
Amália (film)	director	Carlos Coelho da Silva
Battlestar Galactica: The Plan	director	Edward James Olmos
The Audacity of Democracy	director	Brad Mays
Home Movie (film)	director	Christopher Denham
Apocalypse II: Revelation	director	Andre van Heerden
Ice Palace (film)	director	Vincent Sherman
The Sunshine Boys (film)	director	Herbert Ross
Cutlass (short film)	director	Kate Hudson
The Incredible Sarah	director	Richard Fleischer
Devan (film)	director	C. Arunpandian
V-Day: Until the Violence Stops	director	Abby Epstein
A Life of Her Own	director	George Cukor
Damned – The Strange World of José Mojica Marins	director	André Barcinski
Damned – The Strange World of José Mojica Marins	director	Ivan Finotti
The Universe of Mojica Marins	director	Ivan Cardoso
White Fawn's Devotion	director	James Young Deer
New York Nights	director	Lewis Milestone
Blondie of the Follies	director	Edmund Goulding
Six Weeks	director	Tony Bill
Sway (film)	director	Miwa Nishikawa
Free Radicals (film)	director	Len Lye
Dear John (2010 film)	director	Lasse Hallström
No Lies	director	Mitchell Block
So's Your Old Man	director	Gregory La Cava
Les Contemptibles	director	Charlie Haskell
Saleem (film)	director	YVS Chowdary
Thuldai	director	Dayaram Dahal
Aangan	director	Nasir Hussain
Anhonee	director	Ravi Tandon
Dil Ki Rahen	director	B. R. Ishara
Ek Mutthi Aasmaan	director	Virender Sinha
Duvidha	director	Mani Kaul
Ek Kunwari Ek Kunwara	director	Prakash Mehra
Haathi Ke Daant	director	B. R. Ishara
Ghulam Begam Badshah	director	Jambu
Hifazat (1973 film)	director	K. S. R. Das
Jyot Jale	director	Satyendra Nath Bose
Kahani Hum Sab Ki	director	Rajkumar Kohli
Nai Duniya Naye Log	director	B. R. Ishara
Mera Desh Mera Dharam	director	Dara Singh
Apradhi (1974 film)	director	Jugal Kishore
Badhti Ka Naam Dadhi	director	Kishore Kumar
Call Girl (1974 film)	director	Vijay Kapoor
Charitraheen	director	Shakti Samanta
Benaam (1974 film)	director	Narendra Bedi
Chor Chor	director	Prem Prakash
Dil Diwana	director	Narenda Bedi
Do Chattane	director	G. H. Sarin
Duniya Ka Mela	director	Kundan Kumar
Doosri Sita	director	Gogi Anand
Faslah	director	Khwaja Ahmad Abbas
Trouble Makers	director	Cao Baoping
Hanuman Vijay	director	Babubhai Mistry
Jai Radhe Krishna	director	Yeshwant Pethkar
Jurm Aur Sazaa	director	Nisar Ahmad Ansari
Kasauti	director	Aravind Sen
Kisan Aur Bhagwan	director	Chandrakent
Manzilein Aur Bhi Hain	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Nirmaan	director	Ravi Tandon
Naya Din Nai Raat	director	A. Bhimsingh
Phir Kab Milogi (1974 film)	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Madhosh	director	J.B.H. Wadia
Madhosh    1	director	Desh Gautan
Madhosh    2	director	Vikram Bhatt
Anokha	director	Jugal Kishore
Balak Aur Janwar	director	Nanabhai Bhatt
Dhoti Lota Aur Chowpatty	director	Mohan Choti
Ek Mahal Ho Sapno Ka	director	Devendra Goel
Kaagaz Ki Nao	director	B. R. Ishara
Kahte Hain Mujhko Raja	director	Biswajit Chatterjee
Mere Sajna	director	Kewal Kumar
Mazaaq	director	Hyder Ali
Mere Sartaj	director	Abdul Rashid Kardar
Rani Aur Lalpari	director	Ravikant Nagaich
Sunehra Sansar	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Sewak	director	S. M. Abbas
Umar Qaid	director	Sikandar Khanna
Zinda Dil	director	Sikandar Khanna
Aaj Ka Ye Ghar	director	Surendra Shailaj
Bhanwar	director	Bhappi Sonie
Do Khiladi	director	Jugal Kishore
Bundal Baaz	director	Shammi Kapoor
Do Ladkiyan	director	Kotayya Pratyagatma
Bajrangbali (1976 film)	director	Chandrakant
Mazdoor Zindabaad	director	Naresh Kumar
Maha Chor	director	Narendra Bedi
Nehle Pe Dehla	director	Raj Khosla
Sajjo Rani	director	Govind Saraiya
Shankar Dada	director	Shibu Mitra
Shankar Shambhu	director	Chand
Sharafat Chod Di Maine	director	Jagdev Bhambri
Sita Swayamvar	director	Bapu (artist)
Zamane Se Poocho	director	Abrar Alvi
Barkha Bahar	director	Amar Kumar
Nafrat	director	Shyam Ralhan
Anokhi Ada	director	Kundan Kumar
Aaj Ki Taaza Khabar	director	Rajendra Bhatia
Khoon Khoon	director	Mohammed Hussain
Kuchhe Dhaage	director	Raj Khosla
Bada Kabutar	director	Deven Verma
Do Phool	director	S. Ramanathan
Black Mail (1973 film)	director	Vijay Anand
Gehri Chaal	director	C. V. Sridhar
Joshila	director	Yash Chopra
Paramount on Parade	director	Edmund Goulding
Agar... If	director	Esmayeel Shroff
Agent Vinod	director	Deepak Bahry
Anand Ashram	director	Shakti Samanta
Chala Murari Hero Banne	director	Asrani (actor)
Chalta Purza	director	Bhappi Sonie
Do Chehere	director	Kewal Misra
Do Sholay	director	Sukhdev Ahluwalia
Gayatri Mahima	director	Harsukh Jagneshwar Bhatt
Hira Aur Patthar	director	Vijay Bhatt
Jadu Tona	director	Feroz Khan
Jadu Tona	director	Reena Roy
Kalabaaz	director	Ashok Roy
Kasum Khoon Ki	director	Ashok Roy
Khel Khilari Ka	director	Arjun Hingorani
Kotwal Saab	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Mastan Dada	director	Satyan Bose
Naami Chor	director	Kamal Mehra
Paapi	director	O.P. Ralhan
Pandit Aur Pathan	director	Joginder
Priyatama	director	Basu Chatterjee
Ram Bharose	director	Anand Sagar
Safed Jhoot	director	Basu Chatterjee
Palkon Ki Chhaon Mein	director	Meraj
Saheb Bahadur	director	Chetan Anand
Shankar Hussain	director	Yusuf Naqvi
Shri Ram Vanvas	director	Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao
Shirdi Ke Sai Baba	director	Ashok V. Bhushan
Tyaag	director	Din Dayal Sharma
Anmol Tasveer	director	Satyendra Nath Bose
Atithee	director	Aravind Sen
Bhakti Mein Shakti	director	Dara Singh
Azaad (1978 film)	director	Pramod Chakravorthy
Chor Ho To Aisa	director	Ravi Tandon
Chor Ke Ghar Chor	director	Vijay Sadanah
Daaku Aur Jawan	director	Sunil Dutt
Damaad	director	Rajat Rakshit
Darwaza	director	Shyam Ramsay
Darwaza	director	Tulsi Ramsay
Dil Aur Deewar	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
Ek Baap Chhe Bete	director	Mehmood Ali
Do Musafir	director	Devendra Goel
Ganga Sagar	director	Ashish Kumar
Heeralaal Pannalaal (1978 film)	director	Ashok Roy
Kaala Aadmi	director	Ramesh Lakhanpal
Karmayogi (1978 film)	director	Ram Maheshwari
Lal Kothi	director	Kanak Mukherjee
Madhu Malti	director	Basu Bhattacharya
Nasbandi	director	I. S. Johar
Muqaddar	director	T L V Prasad
Parmatma	director	Chand
Naukri	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Premi Gangaram	director	Jagdish Nirula
Rahu Ketu	director	B. R. Ishara
Phandebaaz	director	Samir Ganguly
Raja Rani Ko Chahiye Pasina	director	Sulabha Deshpande
Saawan Ke Geet	director	R. Bhattacharya
Sone Ka Dil Lohe Ke Haath	director	Naresh Kumar
Tumhare Liye	director	Basu Chatterjee
Aangan Ki Kali	director	Harsh Koli
Aladdin and the Wonderful Lamp	director	I. V. Sasi
Bagula Bhagat	director	Harmesh Malhotra
Aur Kaun?	director	Shyam Ramsay
Aur Kaun?	director	Tulsi Ramsay
Amar Deep	director	R. Krishnamurthy
Amar Deep	director	K. Vijayan
Do Ladke Dono Kadke	director	Basu Chatterjee
Ganga Bhavani	director	Tatineni Prakash Rao
Dooriyaan	director	Bhimsain Khurana
Ghar Ki Laaj	director	B. R. Ishara
Gopal Krishna	director	Vijay Sharma
Griha Pravesh	director	Basu Bhattacharya
Har Har Gange	director	Babubhai Mistry
Jaan-e-Bahaar	director	Prakash Kapoor
Jeena Yahan	director	Basu Chatterjee
Jhoota Kahin Ka	director	Ravi Tandon
Meri Biwi Ki Shaadi	director	Rajat Rakshit
Lok Parlok	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
Nagin Aur Suhagin	director	Shantilal Soni
Raadha Aur Seeta	director	Vijay Kapoor
Raakhi Ki Saugandh	director	Shibu Mitra
Saanch Ko Aanch Nahin	director	Satyendra Nath Bose
Salaam Memsaab	director	Asrani (actor)
Shabhash Daddy	director	Kishore Kumar
Prem Vivah	director	Basu Chatterjee
Shodh	director	Biplab Roy Chowdhury
Sunayana	director	Hiren Nag
Mr. Moto Takes a Chance	director	Norman Foster (director)
Je me souviens (2009 film)	director	André Forcier
Everlasting Moments	director	Jan Troell
The Gay Desperado	director	Rouben Mamoulian
Parlez-moi de la pluie	director	Agnès Jaoui
Bamboo Gods and Iron Men	director	César Gallardo
All's Well, Ends Well 2009	director	Vincent Kok
When Taekwondo Strikes	director	Fenghuang
When Taekwondo Strikes	director	Ng Sek
When Taekwondo Strikes	director	Sammo Hung
All Through the Night (film)	director	Vincent Sherman
Little Minnesota	director	Pamela Fryman
Crystal Voyager	director	David Elfick
The Carpetbaggers (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Demons and Wonders	director	José Mojica Marins
The Eyes of Julia Deep	director	Lloyd Ingraham
Gunsmoke (film)	director	Nathan H. Juran
Naked Idol (TV movie)	director	Polly Draper
Row Your Boat	director	Sollace Mitchel
Dad and Dave Come to Town	director	Ken G. Hall
A Long Walk	director	Eiji Okuda
Far East (film)	director	John Duigan
A Swedish Love Story	director	Roy Andersson
The Far Paradise	director	Paulette McDonagh
The FJ Holden	director	Michael Thornhill
Forty Thousand Horsemen	director	Charles Chauvel (filmmaker)
Strangers (thirtysomething)	director	Peter O'Fallon
The Fringe Dwellers	director	Bruce Beresford
The Getting of Wisdom (film)	director	Bruce Beresford
The Grinning Man	director	David Renwick
Goodbye Paradise	director	Carl Schultz
Detention: The Siege at Johnson High	director	Michael W. Watkins
The Sophisticated Gents	director	Harry Falk
Appu (2002 film)	director	Puri Jagannadh
One Word from You	director	Ángeles González-Sinde
Kissed Off	director	Rose Troche
Something Happened (film)	director	Roy Andersson
The Lovers (1946 film)	director	Giacomo Gentilomo
Blood and Fire (film)	director	Anders Henrikson
Gas Pump Girls	director	Joel Bender
Hancock (film)	director	Peter Berg
Vengeance (2009 film)	director	Johnnie To
Letter from the Dead	director	Johan Jacobsen
Camões (film)	director	José Leitão de Barros
Summer Solstice (2005 film)	director	Giles Foster
Girl No. 217	director	Mikhail Romm
My Name Is Khan	director	Karan Johar
Alien Cargo	director	Mark Haber
Scorpio (Flashpoint)	director	David Frazee
El Caracazo (film)	director	Roman Chalbaud
Dizengoff 99	director	Avi Nesher
Home is the Place	director	David Grossman (director)
Connect! Connect!	director	Ken Whittingham
The Best Thing That Ever Could Have Happened	director	Larry Shaw (director)
The Great White Tiger Platoon	director	Katsuhiko Tasaka
In the Loop (film)	director	Armando Iannucci
Zenigata Heiji: Ghost Lord	director	Mitsuo Hirotsu
A Good Opportunity	director	James Bobin
The Princess Sen	director	Keigo Kimura
Kunsthalle Düsseldorf	director	Ulrike Groos
Onatsu and Seijuro	director	Taizo Fuyushima
The Young Swordsman	director	Kimiyoshi Yasuda
First in Line (Flashpoint)	director	David Frazee
Joyride (1996 film)	director	Quinton Peeples
The Element of Surprise (Flashpoint)	director	David Frazee
Asking for Flowers (Flashpoint)	director	Clark Johnson
The House Behind the Cedars	director	Oscar Micheaux
Who's George	director	Holly Dale
Attention Shoppers (Flashpoint)	director	Holly Dale
He Knows His Brother	director	Stephen Surjik
Never Kissed a Girl	director	Charles Binamé
Planets Aligned	director	Clark Johnson
Ray Mears' Bushcraft	director	Ben Southwell
4-D (The X-Files)	director	Tony Wharmby
Krabat (film)	director	Marco Kreuzpaintner
Unsettled	director	Adam Hootnick
Grievous Bodily Harm	director	Mark Joffe
The Last Chance	director	Leopold Lindtberg
Dunia (film)	director	Mohammed Karim
The Queen's Flower	director	Paul Călinescu
Half Life: A Parable for the Nuclear Age	director	Dennis O'Rourke
Rajkumar (2008 film)	director	Swapan Saha
Heatwave (film)	director	Phillip Noyce
The Great Glinka	director	Lev Arnshtam
The Stone Flower	director	Aleksandr Ptushko
The Loyal 47 Ronin	director	Kunio Watanabe
Huntik: Secrets & Seekers	director	Michael Sinterniklaas
His Young Wife	director	Mario Soldati
Mr. Orchid	director	René Clément
Timber Falls	director	Tony Giglio
A Lover's Return	director	Christian-Jaque
Peege	director	Randal Kleiser
Chor Lau-heung (1979 TV series)	director	Wong Tin-lam
Luk Siu-fung (1976 TV series)	director	Wong Tin-lam
A Visit to the Seaside	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
Shirley Thompson vs. the Aliens	director	Jim Sharman
Men Without Wings	director	František Čáp
Kaidan Kasane-ga-fuchi	director	Nobuo Nakagawa
Ghost of Saga Mansion	director	Ryohei Arai
Ghost-Cat Wall of Hatred	director	Kenji Misumi
The Christmas Shoes (film)	director	Andy Wolk
Ghost-Cat of Arima Palace	director	Ryohei Arai
Even in My Dreams	director	Flavio Alves
Arima neko	director	Shigeru Kito
Sakanaya Honda	director	Shuichi Yamashita
13 Demon Street	director	Curt Siodmak
The Big Parade (1986 film)	director	Chen Kaige
Öbergs på Lillöga	director	Leif Krantz
Ett Äktenskap i kris	director	Vilgot Sjöman
Don't Cry Wolf (film)	director	Clas Lindberg
The Spiders (film)	director	Fritz Lang
Nichiren to mōko daishūrai	director	Kunio Watanabe
Song for a Bride	director	Ishirō Honda
My Destiny In Your Hands	director	José Mojica Marins
Adventurer's Fate	director	José Mojica Marins
God's Sentence	director	José Mojica Marins
Bombardier (film)	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Reign of Terror (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Rodney Charters
The Adventurous Bachelor	director	Otakar Vávra
Patrie	director	Louis Daquin
Along the Ridge	director	Kim Rossi Stuart
The Magic Bow	director	Bernard Knowles
Três Dias Sem Deus	director	Bárbara Virgínia
Christine (1958 film)	director	Pierre Gaspard-Huit
Un giorno nella vita	director	Alessandro Blasetti
Hello Moscow!	director	Sergei Yutkevich
Zoya (film)	director	Lev Arnshtam
Anita (1967 film)	director	Raj Khosla
Antoine and Antoinette	director	Jacques Becker
Mary Jane's Mishap	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
Flesh Will Surrender	director	Alberto Lattuada
Song of Dolores	director	Benito Perojo
La figlia del capitano	director	Mario Camerini
The Hero of the Dardanelles	director	Alfred Rolfe
The Cat (1947 film)	director	Mario Soffici
Grandma Threading her Needle	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
Les Amants du pont Saint-Jean	director	Henri Decoin
High Tide (1987 film)	director	Gillian Armstrong
Homesdale	director	Peter Weir
The Sick Kitten	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
The House That Jack Built (1900 film)	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
Indonesia Calling	director	Joris Ivens
Rat (film)	director	Steve Barron
Kangaroo (1986 film)	director	Tim Burstall
Ambush at Iga Pass	director	Kunio Watanabe
Benten Kozō (1958 film)	director	Daisuke Itō (film director)
Silencing Mary	director	Craig R. Baxley
Munje!	director	Radivoje Andrić
Snow Trail	director	Senkichi Taniguchi
The Cry (2007 film)	director	Bernadine Santistevan
A Fantastic Tale of Naruto	director	Teinosuke Kinugasa
Look Back in Anger (1980 film)	director	Lindsay Anderson
Look Back in Anger (1980 film)	director	David Hugh Jones
Breaking Point (1963 TV series)	director	Robert Ellis Miller
To the Shores of Hell	director	Will Zens
Trailer Park of Terror	director	Steven Goldmann
The Day the Earth Stopped	director	C. Thomas Howell
Tak Jhal Mishti	director	Basu Chatterjee
The Balcony (film)	director	Joseph Strick
The Blind Sunflowers (film)	director	José Luis Cuerda
Journey to the Center of the Earth (2008 Asylum film)	director	David Jones
Journey to the Center of the Earth (2008 Asylum film)	director	Scott Wheeler (director)
Les jeux sont faits (film)	director	Jean Delannoy
The Damned (1947 film)	director	René Clément
Her Cardboard Lover	director	George Cukor
Marouf, the Cairo Cobbler	director	Jean Mauran
Mine Own Executioner	director	Anthony Kimmins
Paris 1900 (film)	director	Nicole Védrès
Veiled Aristocrats	director	Oscar Micheaux
Tumbleweed (1953 film)	director	Nathan H. Juran
The End of the Beginning (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
Eddie Macon's Run	director	Jeff Kanew
Gulama	director	Tushar Ranganath
Good Night, Paul	director	Walter Edwards
Our Betters	director	George Cukor
A Place Between – The Story of an Adoption	director	Curtis Kaltenbaugh
Lost in the Dark (1947 film)	director	Camillo Mastrocinque
A Tanítónő	director	Márton Keleti
Two Women (1947 film)	director	Arnold Sjöstrand
Outlaw Trail: The Treasure of Butch Cassidy	director	Ryan Little
The Late George Apley (film)	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Gene Boy Came Home	director	Alanis Obomsawin
My Secret Cache	director	Shinobu Yaguchi
Like a Dragon	director	Takashi Miike
Over the River...Life of Lydia Maria Child, Abolitionist for Freedom	director	Constance Jackson
Murder Seen	director	Rob W. King
Blitz Attack: The Andrea Hines Story	director	Constance Jackson
Singing Lovebirds	director	Masahiro Makino
The Duel (The Office)	director	Dean Holland
Prince Family Paper	director	Asaad Kelada
Women in Trouble	director	Sebastian Gutierrez
Credo (film)	director	Toni Harman
Petey Wheatstraw (film)	director	Cliff Roquemore
Gung Ho (TV series)	director	Jeff Chambers
Gung Ho (TV series)	director	Dick Martin (comedian)
Gung Ho (TV series)	director	George Sunga
Gung Ho (TV series)	director	Art Dielhenn
Gung Ho (TV series)	director	John Bowab
Gung Ho (TV series)	director	Randy Carter
Jango (film)	director	Sílvio Tendler
Deliciosa Sinvergüenza	director	René Cardona Jr.
100 Million BC	director	Griff Furst
Hitohada Kujaku	director	Kazuo Mori
Our Fathers (film)	director	Dan Curtis
Via Negativa (The X-Files)	director	Tony Wharmby
In My Sleep	director	Allen Wolf
Foodland (film)	director	Adam Smoluk
Las Meninas (film)	director	Ihor Podolchak
Las Meninas (film)	director	Dean Karr
An Act of Murder	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
Au grand balcon	director	Henri Decoin
The Call of the Wild: Dog of the Yukon	director	Peter Svatek
Léto s Kovbojem	director	Ivo Novák
Nuregami kenpō	director	Bin Kado
Freelance Samurai	director	Kenji Misumi
Yatarō gasa	director	Kazuo Mori
The Expendables (2010 film)	director	Sylvester Stallone
Katana (web series)	director	Richard Cranor
Gozonji Azuma Otoko	director	Eisuke Takizawa
Suzakumon (film)	director	Kazuo Mori
The Secret of Cavelli	director	Erich Engel
The Killer Inside Me (2010 film)	director	Michael Winterbottom
Tales That Witness Madness	director	Freddie Francis
Brave Man Standing	director	Nontanan Sangsawat
Gwiaździsta eskadra	director	Leonard Buczkowski
Jack Rio (film)	director	Gregori J. Martin
Li'l Abner (1940 film)	director	Albert S. Rogell
The Warrior and the Wolf	director	Tian Zhuangzhuang
The Original Sin (film)	director	Helmut Käutner
The Plex	director	Tim Boyle
The Last Illusion	director	Josef von Báky
Die Buntkarierten	director	Kurt Maetzig
Eine Große Liebe	director	Hans Bertram
Galileo (film)	director	Joseph Losey
This Happy Breed (film)	director	David Lean
Exo oi kleftes	director	Kostas Andritsos
Captain Pirate	director	Ralph Murphy
Star-ving	director	Sam Kass
Give 'Em Hell, Malone	director	Russell Mulcahy
War Bride	director	Kevin Sorbo
The Pebble and the Penguin	director	Don Bluth
The Pebble and the Penguin	director	Gary Goldman
Fighting (film)	director	Dito Montiel
Friend (2009 film)	director	Shatabdi Roy
Man Facing Southeast	director	Eliseo Subiela
Rhinoceros (film)	director	Tom O'Horgan
Amman Arul	director	Kashmiri Pandit
Anbu Sagodharargal	director	Lakshmi Deepak
Foreign Harbour	director	Hampe Faustman
Anbe Aaruyire (1975 film)	director	A.C. Thrilogachandar
Grihapravesam	director	Dasari Yoganand
Lies of Love	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Satyam (1976 film)	director	S.A. Kannan
Sibling Rivalry (film)	director	Carl Reiner
An Osaka Story	director	Kōzaburō Yoshimura
The Counterfeit Coin	director	George Tzavellas
Floating Vessel	director	Teinosuke Kinugasa
Onibi Kago	director	Mitsuo Hirotsu
Inazuma Kaidō	director	Issei Mori
Boogie Town	director	Chris Stokes (record producer)
Chasing the Deer	director	Graham Holloway
Merikoi to protimoun kryo	director	Giannis Dalianidis
Winterspelt (film)	director	Eberhard Fechner
Diamonds on Wheels	director	Jerome Courtland
The Cheesy Adventures of Captain Mac A. Roni	director	Sergei Aniskov
Love and Marriage (1959 TV series)	director	Bob Sweeney (director)
Miss March	director	Trevor Moore
Miss March	director	Zach Cregger
The Adventures of Antar and Abla	director	Salah Abu Seif
Scenes from the Big Chair	director	Nigel Dick
Obsession (1949 film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Keep an Eye on Amelia	director	Claude Autant-Lara
Pueblerina	director	Emilio Fernández
Rendezvous in July	director	Jacques Becker
Return to Life	director	Georges Lampin
Return to Life	director	André Cayatte
Return to Life	director	Henri-Georges Clouzot
Return to Life	director	Jean Dréville
Destry (film)	director	George Marshall (director)
Scandal at Scourie	director	Jean Negulesco
Kunisada Chūji (1958 film)	director	Shigehiro Ozawa
… nur ein Komödiant	director	Erich Engel
Amara Deepam (1956 film)	director	Tatineni Prakash Rao
Thaali Bhagyam	director	Kadaru Nagabhushanam
Senun Ajia no joo	director	Hiromasa Nomura
Thedi Vandha Lakshmi	director	G.R. Nathan
Andavan Kattalai	director	K. Shankar
Oru Vidukadhai Oru Thodarkadhai	director	M.A. Kaja
Thedi Vandha Mappillai	director	P.R. Panthulu
Fast Food Fast Women	director	Amos Kollek
Eagle Two	director	Stephen Surjik
Pattanathil Bhootham	director	M.V. Raman
My Saving Grace	director	Michael Spiller
My Happy Place	director	Ken Whittingham
A Rock and a Hard Place (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Kevin Sorbo
The Indian Fighter	director	André de Toth
Aalayamani	director	K.Shankar
Good Morning Kuya	director	Daniel Razon
Episode (film)	director	Walter Reisch
Fathom (film)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Ninkyō Shimizu-minato	director	Sadatsugu Matsuda
Reckless (1951 film)	director	José Antonio Nieves Conde
Jack Brooks: Monster Slayer	director	Jon Knautz
The Forbidden Christ	director	Curzio Malaparte
The Story on Page One (film)	director	Clifford Odets
The Devil Is a Woman (1950 film)	director	Tito Davison
In My Mind's Eye	director	Mike Mansfield
The Falling Star	director	Harald Braun
The Videosingles	director	Clive Richardson
The Videosingles	director	Steve Barron
The Honesty of the Look	director	Luis Escobar, 7th Marquis of the Guadalquivir Marshes
The Polish Bride	director	Karim Traïdia
Paris Vice Squad	director	Hervé Bromberger
A Girl Isn't Allowed to Love	director	Teinosuke Kinugasa
Sowing The Seeds	director	Jim Blashfield
Going to California (Tears for Fears video)	director	Nigel Dick
The Renyasai Yagyu Hidden Story	director	Katsuhiko Tasaka
Asatarō garasu	director	Kenji Misumi
Tsukigata Hanpeita: Hana no maki; Arashi no maki	director	Teinosuke Kinugasa
Athaiya Mamiya	director	Sreesanth
The Thrill Killers	director	Ray Dennis Steckler
The Boondock Saints II: All Saints Day	director	Troy Duffy
Normal (2009 film)	director	Julius Ševčík
Blood Ties (film)	director	Jim McBride
Pirates of Treasure Island	director	Leigh Scott
Half a Confession	director	Kiyoshi Sasabe
Tears Roll Down (Greatest Hits 82–92) (video)	director	Jim Blashfield
Tears Roll Down (Greatest Hits 82–92) (video)	director	Clive Richardson
Tears Roll Down (Greatest Hits 82–92) (video)	director	Nigel Dick
Tears Roll Down (Greatest Hits 82–92) (video)	director	Steve Barron
Juliette, or Key of Dreams	director	Marcel Carné
Dream of a Cossack	director	Yuli Raizman
Nightmare (1942 film)	director	Tim Whelan
Raat (film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Különös házasság	director	Márton Keleti
The Long Way Out	director	Vicente de Jesus de la Vega II
Anantana Avantara	director	Kashinath
Kōchiyama Sōshun (1936 film)	director	Sadao Yamanaka
Hitogui Ama	director	Yoshiki Onoda
Yogoreta Nikutai Seijo	director	Michiyoshi Doi
Take Out (feature film)	director	Sean S. Baker
Take Out (feature film)	director	Shih-Ching Tsou
The Black and White Menstrual Show	director	Frank E Mango
Man of Flowers	director	Paul Cox
The Flesh and the Fiends	director	John Gilling
Santo vs. las Mujeres Vampiro	director	Alfonso Corona Blake
Escape from the Bronx	director	Enzo G. Castellari
It's Alive! (Dexter)	director	Tony Goldwyn
The Garden (1995 film)	director	Martin Šulík
Anwar (2007 film)	director	Manish Jha
The War at Home (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Darnell Martin
When Brendan Met Trudy	director	Kieron J. Walsh
The Wedding Game	director	Ekachai Uekrongtham
Ricos y Famosos	director	Hugo Moser
Ricos y Famosos	director	Martín Clutet
Mirror of Holland	director	Bert Haanstra
Toki o Kakeru Shōjo (1983 film)	director	Nobuhiko Obayashi
Mussorgsky (film)	director	Grigori Roshal
The Legend of the White Serpent (1956 film)	director	Shirō Toyoda
Caboblanco	director	J. Lee Thompson
Pava Mannippu	director	A. Bhimsingh
Arashi no naka o tsuppashire	director	Koreyoshi Kurahara
Ring: Kanzenban	director	Chisui Takigawa
Wild Roses (TV series)	director	Don McBrearty
Wild Roses (TV series)	director	Sudz Sutherland
Season of the Sun (1956 film)	director	Takumi Furukawa
The Romance of Yushima	director	Teinosuke Kinugasa
Franz + Polina	director	Mikhail Segal
Strange Bedfellows (ER)	director	Laura Innes
Sometimes a Great Notion (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Nankin
Two Guys from Milwaukee	director	David Butler (director)
Papelucho and the Martian	director	Alejandro Rojas
Never Say Goodbye (1946 film)	director	James V. Kern
Kamen Rider Den-O	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Kamen Rider Den-O	director	Takao Nagaishi
Kamen Rider Den-O	director	Tarō Sakamoto
Kamen Rider Den-O	director	Hidenori Ishida
Kamen Rider Den-O	director	Osamu Kaneda
Kamen Rider Den-O	director	Kenzō Maihara
Kamen Rider Den-O	director	Naomi Tamura
Kamen Rider Den-O	director	Takayuki Shibasaki
Autumn Marathon	director	Georgi Daneliya
Departures (film)	director	Yōjirō Takita
Off Limits (1953 film)	director	George Marshall (director)
American Virgin (2009 film)	director	Clare Kilner
When I Met U	director	Joel Lamangan
Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire	director	Akira Iwamoto
Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire	director	Hideki Oka
Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire	director	Kenzo Maihara
Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire	director	Junya Morita
Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire	director	Daishi Matsunaga
Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire	director	Toshimitsu Chimura
Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire	director	Yuichi Abe
Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire	director	Yoka Kusano
Exorcism: The Possession of Gail Bowers	director	Leigh Scott
The Lost World of Mr Hardy	director	Andy Heathcote
A Disquiet Follows My Soul	director	Ronald D. Moore
The Oath (Battlestar Galactica)	director	John Dahl
Kunisada Chūji (1954 film)	director	Eisuke Takizawa
Side Street Story	director	Eduardo De Filippo
The New China	director	Sergei Gerasimov (film director)
The New China	director	Ivan Dukinsky
The Trap (1950 film)	director	Martin Frič
Blood on the Scales	director	Wayne Rose
No Exit (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Gwyneth Horder-Payton
Deadlock (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Robert M. Young (film director)
Someone to Watch Over Me (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Nankin
Man Who Causes a Storm	director	Umetsugu Inoue
Red Quay	director	Toshio Masuda
Reggie Perrin	director	Tristram Shapeero
Rusty Knife	director	Toshio Masuda
No Place To Hide (ER)	director	Skipp Sudduth
Cosmopolitan (film)	director	Nisha Ganatra
Gallavants	director	Art Vitello
Om-Dar-Ba-Dar	director	Kamal Swaroop
The Rainbow Thief	director	Alejandro Jodorowsky
Sortilegio	director	Karina Duprez
Sortilegio	director	Mónica Miguel
Live in Hyde Park (Eric Clapton album)	director	Harvey Goldsmith
Koodevide	director	Padmarajan
8 (2008 film)	director	Abderrahmane Sissako
8 (2008 film)	director	Gael García Bernal
8 (2008 film)	director	Mira Nair
8 (2008 film)	director	Gus Van Sant
8 (2008 film)	director	Jan Kounen
8 (2008 film)	director	Gaspar Noé
8 (2008 film)	director	Jane Campion
8 (2008 film)	director	Wim Wenders
I Am Omega	director	Griff Furst
Dough Re Mi	director	Ted Nathanson
Dough Re Mi	director	Dick Schneider (director)
Dough Re Mi	director	Dick Auerbach
Meoto zenzai	director	Shirō Toyoda
Early Abstractions	director	Harry Everett Smith
Matrimony's Speed Limit	director	Alice Guy-Blaché
Hanatarō Jumon	director	Kimiyoshi Yasuda
La Belle Histoire	director	Claude Lelouch
Tabi wa Kimagure Kaze Makase	director	Katsuhiko Tasaka
Precious (film)	director	Lee Daniels
Family Gay	director	Brian Iles
There Are No Angels Here (ER)	director	Christopher Chulack
Colonel March of Scotland Yard	director	Cy Endfield
Ena votsalo sti limni	director	Alekos Sakellarios
Ta kitrina gantia	director	Alekos Sakellarios
Oru Cheru Punchiri	director	M. T. Vasudevan Nair
588 rue paradis	director	Henri Verneuil
Wing Chun (TV series)	director	Sing Chi Chiu
Wing Chun (TV series)	director	Fung Yuen Wah
The 7th Secret Courier for Edo	director	Kazuo Mori
Le Voyage D'Inuk	director	Mike Magidson
Bear in the Big Blue House	director	Mitchell Kriegman
There Goes My Baby (film)	director	Floyd Mutrux
Catch My Soul	director	Patrick McGoohan
Troubled Waters (2006 film)	director	Billy Stead
Megitsune Buro	director	Yasuda Kimiyoshi
Unvanquished City	director	Jerzy Zarzycki
Rumbo (film)	director	Ramón Torrado
Deb and Sisi	director	Mark Kenneth Woods
Shori-sha	director	Umetsugu Inoue
The Gallant Hero and The Tragic Victor (ER)	director	Steve Shill
The Woman Hunter	director	Bernard L. Kowalski
The New Phil Silvers Show	director	Rod Amateau
The Last Mission	director	Nikos Tsiforos
Die Tödlichen Träume	director	Paul Martin (director)
Four in a Jeep	director	Leopold Lindtberg
La Virgen gitana	director	Ramón Torrado
Lecture Circuit	director	Ken Kwapis
Blood Drive (The Office)	director	Randall Einhorn
Teeth (film)	director	Mitchell Lichtenstein
Casper (film)	director	Brad Silberling
Casper (film)	director	Phil Nibbelink
The Immortal Song	director	V. Shantaram
Sid & Marty Krofft's Red Eye Express	director	Bill Davis
Man in the Storm	director	Kiyoshi Saeki
The Square (2008 film)	director	Nash Edgerton
Aparan (film)	director	Padmarajan
The Absentee (film)	director	Julio Bracho
The Smugglers' Banquet	director	Henri Storck
Scooby-Doo! and the Samurai Sword	director	Christopher Berkeley
Here and There (film)	director	Darko Lungulov
Blood Freak	director	Brad F. Grinter
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1921 film)	director	Alfred E. Green
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1921 film)	director	Jack Pickford
A Slope in the Sun	director	Tomotaka Tasaka
The Tale of Genji (1951 film)	director	Kōzaburō Yoshimura
Annie's Coming Out	director	Gil Brealey
No Greater Love (1952 film)	director	Harald Braun
Eel Girl	director	Paul Campion (film director)
The Baby Carriage	director	Tomotaka Tasaka
This Day's Life	director	Tomotaka Tasaka
Umi no yarodomo	director	Kaneto Shindō
Washi to Taka	director	Umetsugu Inoue
I Am Waiting	director	Koreyoshi Kurahara
The World of Sid & Marty Krofft at the Hollywood Bowl	director	Dennis Steinmetz
Going Wild With Jeff Corwin	director	Mark Cole (director)
Going Wild With Jeff Corwin	director	Scott Firestone
The Atlanta Child Murders (TV miniseries)	director	John Erman
Thanassakis o politevomenos	director	Alekos Sakellarios
Devadoothan	director	Sibi Malayil
Otan leipei i gata	director	Alekos Sakellarios
Room to Improve	director	Luke McManus
A Night of Love (1951 film)	director	Ahmed Badrakhan
Desires (film)	director	Rolf Hansen (director)
María Morena	director	José María Forqué
María Morena	director	Pedro Lazaga
Chushingura: Hana no Maki, Yuki no Maki	director	Hiroshi Inagaki
Chitei no Uta	director	Noguti Hiroshi
The Medium (1951 film)	director	Gian Carlo Menotti
Nami (film)	director	Noboru Nakamura
Freedom at the Edge	director	Aneisha Sharma
Oman Oil and Gas Exhibition Centre	director	Petroleum Development Oman
Yoru no kiba	director	Umetsugu Inoue
Omani Aquarium and Marine Science and Fisheries Centre	director	Sultan Qaboos University
Ashita wa Ashita no Kaze ga Fuku	director	Umetsugu Inoue
Dead City (film)	director	Frixos Iliadis
Emergency Landing (1952 film)	director	Arne Skouen
The Evil Forest	director	Daniel Mangrané
The Evil Forest	director	Carlos Serrano de Osma
Three Women (1952 film)	director	André Michel
Unter den tausend Laternen	director	Erich Engel
A Devil of a Woman	director	Wolfgang Liebeneiner
Fūsoku 40 metres	director	Koreyoshi Kurahara
A Last Note	director	Kaneto Shindō
Jazz musume tanjō	director	Masahisa Sunohara
Inyan Shel Zman	director	Yael Graf
Inyan Shel Zman	director	Shirley Stern
Kurenai no tsubasa	director	Kō Nakahira
Subarashiki dansei	director	Umetsugu Inoue
Gesshoku	director	Umetsugu Inoue
Renzo Gracie: Legacy	director	Gethin Aldous
Ningen gyorai kaiten	director	Shūe Matsubayashi
Assisted Living (film)	director	Elliot Greenebaum
Shirayuki-sensei to kodomo-tachi	director	Ren Yoshimura
Bottoms Up (1934 film)	director	David Butler (director)
Kane no naru oka: Dai san hen, kuro no maki	director	Keisuke Sasaki
Totsugu hi made	director	Yasujirō Shimazu
Madagascar 3	director	Eric Darnell
Twenty-One Guns (ER)	director	Nelson McCormick (director)
Say Hello to Yesterday	director	Alvin Rakoff
Barking Water	director	Sterlin Harjo
The Christmas Tree (film)	director	Sally Field
Aoi sanmyaku (1949 film)	director	Tadashi Imai
Boogeyman 3	director	Gary Jones (director)
Brother's Keeper (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Ken Girotti
Master Harold...and the Boys (2010 film)	director	Lonny Price
What Remains: The Life and Work of Sally Mann	director	Steven Cantor
The Crimson Curtain	director	Alexandre Astruc
Grumpy (film)	director	George Cukor
Grumpy (film)	director	Cyril Gardner
The 9/11 Commission Report (film)	director	Leigh Scott
Barabbas (1953 film)	director	Alf Sjöberg
Bongolo	director	André Cauvin
Akō gishi	director	Ryohei Arai
Call Me Madam (film)	director	Walter Lang
Non-chan kumo ni noru	director	Fumito Kurata
L'Initiation	director	Denis Héroux
American Harmony	director	Aengus James
Shūu	director	Mikio Naruse
Rangiku monogatari	director	Senkichi Taniguchi
Hawai Mare oki kaisen	director	Kajirō Yamamoto
Hawai Mare oki kaisen	director	Motoyoshi Oda
Moyuru ōzora	director	Yutaka Abe
Ahen senso	director	Masahiro Makino
Zouzou (film)	director	Marc Allégret
Humpday	director	Lynn Shelton
Let's Make Money	director	Erwin Wagenhofer
Rainbow Kids	director	Kihachi Okamoto
The Bandit of Brazil	director	Lima Barreto (director)
Das Fräulein	director	Andrea Staka
A Thousand and One Nights with Toho	director	Kon Ichikawa
Dedication of the Great Buddha	director	Teinosuke Kinugasa
The Virtuous Sin	director	George Cukor
The Virtuous Sin	director	Louis J. Gasnier
Kato hayabusa sento-tai	director	Kajirō Yamamoto
Doña Francisquita (film)	director	Ladislao Vajda
Flamenco (1952 film)	director	Edgar Neville
Ano hata o ute	director	Yutaka Abe
Murder-Set-Pieces	director	Nick Palumbo
Murder by Television	director	Clifford Sanforth
Keisatsu Nikki	director	Seiji Hisamatsu
A Hole of My Own Making	director	Tomu Uchida
Ani to sono musume	director	Shūe Matsubayashi
Arupusu monogatari Yasei	director	Tsutomu Sawamura
Midori haruka ni	director	Umetsugu Inoue
Little Mirchi Thoda Pepper	director	Saurabh Shukla
Iron Maiden: Flight 666	director	Scot McFadyen
Iron Maiden: Flight 666	director	Sam Dunn
Arundhati (film)	director	Kodi Ramakrishna
Trip with the Teacher	director	Earl Barton
Joe the Menace	director	Dinos Dinopoulos
A Teacher with Blonde Hair	director	Dinos Dimopoulos
Liar Wanted	director	Giannis Dalianidis
Naga Phasa	director	Basant Nayak
Cicak Man (film series)	director	KRU
Crazy Racer	director	Ning Hao
Kanashiki kuchibue	director	Miyoji Ieki
Samaya (1975 film)	director	Ganesh Mahapatra
Bram Stoker's Dracula's Curse	director	Leigh Scott
King of the Lost World	director	Leigh Scott
Hibari no kanashiki hitomi	director	Mizuho Shunkai
Hibari no Circus: kanashiki kobato	director	Mizuho Shunkai
For the Sake of My Intemperate Youth	director	Arne Mattsson
The Mystery of the Leaping Fish	director	Christy Cabanne
The Mystery of the Leaping Fish	director	John Emerson
Gendai-jin	director	Minoru Shibuya
The Wrong Guys	director	Danny Bilson
Mama Spent Money When She Had None	director	David Warren
The Inhabited Island	director	Fyodor Bondarchuk
Portrait of Madame Yuki	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
In a World Where the Kings Are Employers	director	David Grossman (director)
Dick (film)	director	Andrew Fleming
Sword of Penitence	director	Yasujirō Ozu
The Winning Season	director	James C. Strouse
Close Call	director	Jimmy Lee (director)
Bundle of Joy	director	Norman Taurog
Athlete (film)	director	Dave Lam
Ritu (film)	director	Shyamaprasad
Noviembre (film)	director	Achero Mañas
British Agent	director	Michael Curtiz
The Lloyd Bridges Show	director	John Cassavetes
The Lloyd Bridges Show	director	Jeffrey Hayden
Players (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Tom DiCillo
Revanche (film)	director	Götz Spielmann
The Hills Run Red	director	Carlo Lizzani
Grasshoppers (Cavallette)	director	Bruno Bozzetto
Endless Horizons	director	Jean Dréville
I Loved a Soldier	director	Henry Hathaway
Intimate Relations (1953 film)	director	Charles Frank (director)
The Conscience of Nhem En	director	Steven Okazaki
Oktapodi	director	Emud Mokhberi
The Maids (film)	director	Christopher Miles
Mōjū tsukai no shōjo	director	Kozo Saeki
December Flower	director	Stephen Frears
Poldark	director	Christopher Barry
Poldark	director	Paul Annett
Poldark	director	Kenneth Ives
Poldark	director	Philip Dudley
The New Cup	director	James Bobin
Titãs – A Vida Até Parece Uma Festa	director	Branco Mello
Titãs – A Vida Até Parece Uma Festa	director	Oscar Rodrigues Alves
The Collective (2008 film)	director	Judson Pearce Morgan
The Collective (2008 film)	director	Kelly Overton (actress)
Keka film	director	Teja (film director)
The Da Vinci Treasure	director	Peter Mervis
The Annunciation of Marie	director	Alain Cuny
Luz en el páramo	director	Víctor Urruchúa
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs (film)	director	Phil Lord and Chris Miller
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs (film)	director	Phil Lord and Chris Miller
Green Magic (film)	director	Gian Gaspare Napolitano
Perfidy (film)	director	Vladimir Pogačić
The Wayward Wife	director	Mario Soldati
Nana (1926 film)	director	Jean Renoir
Fighting Birds	director	Katsuhiko Tasaka
Crayons and Paper	director	Bruce David Janu
The Duchess of Langeais	director	Jacques Rivette
Psycho Cop 2	director	Adam Rifkin
The John Forsythe Show	director	Earl Bellamy
Sun Valley (film)	director	He Ping
Jud Süß (1940 film)	director	Veit Harlan
Rosanna (film)	director	Emilio Fernández
Jew Suss (1934 film)	director	Lothar Mendes
Emergency Ward (film)	director	Tulio Demicheli
The Village (1953 film)	director	Leopold Lindtberg
The Sun Shines Bright	director	John Ford
Gladiaattorit	director	Renny Harlin
Thief of Damascus	director	Will Jason
Las Tres perfectas casadas	director	Roberto Gavaldón
The White Reindeer	director	Erik Blomberg
Rush Hour (film series)	director	Brett Ratner
Halodhia Choraye Baodhan Khai	director	Jahnu Barua
Invasion of the Pod People	director	Justin Jones
Before the Deluge	director	André Cayatte
Adventures of the Barber of Seville	director	Ladislao Vajda
Song of the Sea (film)	director	Alberto Cavalcanti
The Quiet Woman	director	John Gilling
Lady in the Fog	director	Sam Newfield
Rockabye (1932 film)	director	George Cukor
The Reporter (TV series)	director	Tom Gries
The Reporter (TV series)	director	Paul Stanley (director)
We Shall Return	director	Phillip S. Goodman
The Far Horizons	director	Rudolph Maté
There's Always a Thursday	director	Charles Saunders (director)
The Girl in the Picture	director	Don Chaffey
A Class to Remember	director	Yoji Yamada
Retreat to Move Forward	director	Steve Buscemi
Little White Lie (TV drama)	director	Nick Renton
Smile Pinki	director	Megan Mylan
The Downhill	director	Giannis Dalianidis
Donsol (film)	director	Adolfo Alix, Jr.
Neapolitan Carousel	director	Ettore Giannini
Circus Fandango	director	Arne Skouen
Chronicle of Poor Lovers	director	Carlo Lizzani
Kalinga Putra	director	Barada Prasana Tripathy
Paratroop Command	director	William Witney
Bande Utkala Janani (film)	director	Suvendu Swain
The Hungry Ghosts	director	Michael Imperioli
Naked Amazon	director	Zygmunt Sulistrowski
Final Storm	director	Uwe Boll
War Paint (1953 film)	director	Lesley Selander
Flesh and the Woman	director	Robert Siodmak
Bread of Love	director	Arne Mattsson
To Bina Bhala Lagena	director	Jyoti Das
Kiskrajcár	director	Márton Keleti
The Vicious Circle (1957 film)	director	Gerald Thomas
Love Letter (1953 film)	director	Kinuyo Tanaka
Komedianti	director	Vladimír Vlcek
Flowery Brothers	director	Kenji Misumi
Flowery Hood	director	Katsuhiko Tasaka
The Best Movie 2	director	Oleg Fomin
Windfall in Athens	director	Michael Cacoyannis
Flowery Hood 2	director	Katsuhiko Tasaka
Fighting Fire Fighter	director	Kazuo Mori
The Last Bridge	director	Helmut Käutner
Maddalena (film)	director	Augusto Genina
Man of Africa	director	Cyril Frankel
Gonpachi	director	Kenji Misumi
Ski Patrol (film)	director	Rich Correll
We Live in Public	director	Ondi Timoner
Tess of the Storm Country (1914 film)	director	Edwin Stanton Porter
I Can Do Bad All By Myself (film)	director	Tyler Perry
Rikon	director	Masahiro Makino
Hit List (1989 film)	director	William Lustig
Adauchi sōzenji baba	director	Masahiro Makino
Bōryoku no Machi	director	Satsuo Yamamoto
Ratko: The Dictator's Son	director	Savage Steve Holland
Dead On: Relentless II	director	Michael Schroeder
Mr. and Mrs. Kabal's Theatre	director	Walerian Borowczyk
Who Do You Love? (2008 film)	director	Jerry Zaks
Teresa's Tattoo	director	Julie Cypher
Teresa's Tattoo	director	John E. Vohlers
Evil Eyes	director	Mark Atkins
Good Night (film)	director	Geetika Narang
Peaceable Kingdom (film)	director	Jenny Stein
Stars of the Russian Ballet	director	Herbert Rappaport
Mayurpankh	director	Kishore Sahu
Memories of a Mexican	director	Salvador Toscano
Memories of a Mexican	director	Carmen Toscano
The Martyr of Calvary	director	Miguel Morayta
The Courtship of Betty's Father	director	John Terlesky
Kawakami Tetsuharu monogatari sebangō 16	director	Eisuke Takizawa
The Only Good Indian	director	Kevin Willmott
Hooked (2008 film)	director	Adrian Sitaru
Absolute Evil	director	Ulli Lommel
The Card (The New Twilight Zone)	director	Bradford May
Kick-Ass (film)	director	Matthew Vaughn
Nonni and Manni	director	Ágúst Guðmundsson
Kele Handa	director	B. A. W. Jayamanne
Zesshō (1958 film)	director	Eisuke Takizawa
976-Evil II	director	Jim Wynorski
Sennen no Koi Story of Genji	director	Tonkō Horikawa
The Dancer and Two Warriors	director	Kimiyoshi Yasuda
The Second Son	director	Mitsuo Hirotsu
The Magistrate (1955 film)	director	Bin Kato
Relentless 3	director	James Lemmo
The Young Lord	director	Kimiyoshi Yasuda
The Magical Warrior	director	Bin Kato
The Iroha Elegy	director	Bin Kato
Thief and Magistrate	director	Bin Kato
Yorokobi mo kanashimi mo ikutoshitsuki	director	Keisuke Kinoshita
Too Much Sun	director	Robert Downey, Sr.
My Cookie Pants	director	Gail Mancuso
Comanche Station	director	Budd Boetticher
My ABC's	director	Bill Lawrence (producer)
Black and White (1999 film)	director	James Toback
Men and Women (1999 film)	director	Liu Bingjian
The Hostage Tower	director	Claudio Guzmán
Lalita (1949 film)	director	Kalyan Gupta
The Journey to Melonia	director	Per Åhlin
Sri Jagannath (film)	director	Chitta Ranjan Mitra
I Am a Hotel	director	Allan F. Nicholls
The Ritual (film)	director	Anthony Spadaccini
Ang Panday (2009 film)	director	Rico Gutierrez
Ang Panday (2009 film)	director	Mac Alejandre
The Officers' Ward (film)	director	François Dupeyron
Big Baby (House)	director	Deran Sarafian
Privates on Parade (film)	director	Michael Blakemore
Eight Hours of Terror	director	Seijun Suzuki
Eight Hours of Terror	director	Kazunari Takeda
Asoka (1955 film)	director	Sirisena Wimalaweera
Working Tra$h	director	Alan Metter
Jawani Diwani: A Youthful Joyride	director	Manish Sharma
Parenthood (1990 TV series)	director	Alan Myerson
Parenthood (1990 TV series)	director	Betty Thomas
Parenthood (1990 TV series)	director	Allan Arkush
Parenthood (1990 TV series)	director	Matia Karrell
The Naked Woman and the Gun	director	Seijun Suzuki
En Mana Vaanil	director	Vinayan
Kizhakku Cheemayile	director	P. Bharathiraja
Vandicholai Chinraasu	director	Manoj Kumar
Black Soul	director	Martine Chartrand
Nenè	director	Salvatore Samperi
Up 'n' Under (film)	director	John Godber
Sumo Do, Sumo Don't	director	Masayuki Suo
An Inlet of Muddy Water	director	Tadashi Imai
The Boy and the Fog	director	Roberto Gavaldón
Five Boys from Barska Street	director	Aleksander Ford
Love in a Hot Climate	director	Georges Rouquier
Love in a Hot Climate	director	Ricardo Muñoz Suay
Paradise Café	director	Danny Mulheron
Big Bad Love	director	Arliss Howard
Love and Poison	director	W.I.Z.
Shirley Valentine (film)	director	Lewis Gilbert
The Old Fashioned Way (film)	director	William Beaudine
Antaheen	director	Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury
Jackpot (2009 film)	director	Koushik Ganguly
Sir Arne's Treasure	director	Mauritz Stiller
Kaalbela	director	Gautam Ghose
Ben & Izzy	director	Glenn Chaika
My New Role	director	Will Mackenzie
Kindred of the Dust	director	Raoul Walsh
My Night with Reg (film)	director	Roger Michell
Charlie Strap and Froggy Ball (film)	director	Jan Gissberg
Si mis campos hablaran	director	José Bohr
As Long as You're Near Me	director	Harald Braun
The Union: The Business Behind Getting High	director	Brett Harvey
The Great Adventure (film)	director	Arne Sucksdorff
Marina's Destiny	director	Viktor Ivchenko
Marina's Destiny	director	Isaak Shmaruk
Kröd Mändoon and the Flaming Sword of Fire	director	Alex Hardcastle
Know Your Mushrooms	director	Ron Mann
All Is Possible in Granada	director	José Luis Sáenz de Heredia
Home Alone (2000 film)	director	Sergei Ryabov
Rybka (animation)	director	Sergei Ryabov
Escápate Conmigo	director	René Cardona Jr.
The Tough Brets	director	James Bobin
Fiebre de Amor (film)	director	René Cardona Jr.
The Last Man on Planet Earth	director	Les Landau
Love Matters	director	Jack Neo
Love Matters	director	Gilbert Chan
Chispita (telenovela)	director	Pedro Damián
The Great Warrior Skanderbeg	director	Sergei Yutkevich
The Monster (1954 film)	director	Salah Abu Seif
A Big Family	director	Iosif Kheifits
The Reader (1988 film)	director	Michel Deville
Det brenner i natt!	director	Arne Skouen
Black Dossier (film)	director	André Cayatte
Un extraño en la escalera	director	Tulio Demicheli
The Substitute 4: Failure Is Not An Option	director	Steven Pearl
Bookaboo	director	Lucy Goodman
Ratty (film)	director	Lennart Gustafsson
Pippi Longstocking (1949 film)	director	Per Gunvall
Middle Age Spread	director	John Reid
Dad's Army	director	David Croft (TV producer)
Dad's Army	director	Harold Snoad
Cuando llega el amor	director	Miguel Córcega
Paco and the Magical Book	director	Tetsuya Nakashima
Hill 24 Doesn't Answer	director	Thorold Dickinson
Life or Death (film)	director	Kamal El Sheikh
Liliomfi	director	Károly Makk
American Mayor (film)	director	Travis Irvine
Nine Dead	director	Chris Shadley
Die Mücke	director	Walter Reisch
The Hunters (1957 film)	director	John Marshall (filmmaker)
The Hunters (1957 film)	director	Robert Gardner (anthropologist)
Onna no koyomi	director	Seiji Hisamatsu
Siege (film)	director	Julien Bryan
Reminiscences of a Journey to Lithuania	director	Jonas Mekas
Dog's Heads	director	Martin Frič
Roots (film)	director	Benito Alazraki
Out of an Old Man's Head	director	Per Åhlin
Out of an Old Man's Head	director	Tage Danielsson
Romeo and Juliet (1955 film)	director	Lev Arnshtam
Romeo and Juliet (1955 film)	director	Leonid Lavrovsky
Disarmed and Dangerous	director	Kenneth Fink
Deep Fried and Minty Fresh	director	Alec Smight
Charlie Strap and Froggy Ball Flying High	director	Jan Gissberg
Buried Alive (2007 film)	director	Robert Kurtzman
Grand Canyon Adventure: River at Risk	director	Greg MacGillivray
Cheerleader Queens	director	Poj Arnon
Scrap Heaven	director	Lee Sang-il
47 Rojulu	director	K. Balachander
Los Parientes Pobres	director	Miguel Córcega
The Protar Affair	director	Haralambie Boros
Dalibor (film)	director	Václav Krška
The Hidden One	director	Roberto Gavaldón
There's No Place Like Mode	director	Bethany Rooney
Wild Love (film)	director	Mauro Bolognini
Hell Squad (1958 film)	director	Burt Topper
Frankenstein Island	director	Jerry Warren
Zoku Aoi sanmyaku Yukiko no maki	director	Shūe Matsubayashi
Mandalay (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Alas de Mariposa	director	Juanma Bajo Ulloa
A Cat in the Brain	director	Lucio Fulci
Overland Trail (TV series)	director	Tay Garnett
Overland Trail (TV series)	director	Sidney Salkow
Overland Trail (TV series)	director	Lesley Selander
Overland Trail (TV series)	director	William Witney
The Possimpible	director	Pamela Fryman
Al-Lail (film)	director	Mohammad Malas
The River (1997 film)	director	Tsai Ming-liang
Marketa Lazarová	director	František Vláčil
Ahlam al-Madina	director	Mohammad Malas
Elvira Madigan (film)	director	Bo Widerberg
Bab al-Makam	director	Mohammad Malas
The Romance of Transportation in Canada	director	Colin Low (filmmaker)
Tower of Evil	director	Jim O'Connolly
Involuntary (film)	director	Ruben Östlund
Ski School (film)	director	Damian Lee
Looking for Eric	director	Ken Loach
Kamogawa Horumo	director	Katsuhide Motoki
Hanka (film)	director	Slavko Vorkapić
Merry-Go-Round (1956 film)	director	Zoltán Fábri
A Clear and Present Danger	director	Greg Yaitanes
Everyday Life in a Syrian Village	director	Omar Amiralay
A Flood in Baath Country	director	Omar Amiralay
Al-Kompars	director	Nabil Maleh
Brewster's Millions (1945 film)	director	Allan Dwan
Death Weekend	director	William Fruet
Insectia	director	German Gutierrez
Chaowa Pawa (1959 film)	director	Tarun Majumdar
Chaowa Pawa (1959 film)	director	Sachin Mukherjee
Chaowa Pawa (1959 film)	director	Dilip Mukherjee
Qamaran wa Zaytouna	director	Abdellatif Abdelhamid
Lakshyabhed	director	Raj Mukherji
There Are So Many Things Still to Say	director	Omar Amiralay
On a Day of Ordinary Violence, My Friend Michel Seurat...	director	Omar Amiralay
A Plate of Sardines	director	Omar Amiralay
The Man with the Golden Soles	director	Omar Amiralay
Hasiba Puni Mo Suna Sansar	director	Ranjan Mishra
Kalishankar (Oriya film)	director	Prashanta Nanda
Samaya Hathare Dori	director	Amulya Das
Munna-A Love Story	director	N. Padhi
Tumaku Paruni Ta Bhuli	director	Chakradhara Sahu
Taking Sides (film)	director	István Szabó
The Phantom Horse	director	Koji Shima
Seagulls Die in the Harbour	director	Rik Kuypers
Seagulls Die in the Harbour	director	Ivo Michiels
Seagulls Die in the Harbour	director	Roland Verhavert
One Week (2008 film)	director	Michael McGowan (director)
Mate Ta Love Helare	director	Ashok Pati
Trishna (2009 film)	director	Pritam Jalan
Nandini I Love U	director	Ashok Pati
Mu Sapanara Soudagar	director	Sanjay Nayak
Pagala Premi	director	Hara Patnaik
The Woman Cop	director	Yves Boisset
Kathantara	director	Himansu Khatua
P'tang, Yang, Kipperbang	director	Michael Apted
The Last of the Knucklemen	director	Tim Burstall
Lonely Hearts (1982 film)	director	Paul Cox
The Love Letters from Teralba Road	director	Stephen Wallace
Hana Yori Dango (TV series)	director	Yasuharu Ishii
Chaati Chiri Dele Tu..	director	S.K Murallidharan.
Tokyo Kid	director	Torajiro Saito
Rezerwat	director	Łukasz Palkowski
Pakal Nakshatrangal	director	Rajeev Nath
Hana Yori Dango Returns (TV series)	director	Yasuharu Ishii
Mother (1955 film)	director	Mark Donskoy
Mozart (1955 film)	director	Karl Hartl
Aozora tenshi	director	Torajiro Saito
Othello (1955 film)	director	Sergei Yutkevich
Lahore (film)	director	Sanjay Puran Singh Chauhan
Road to Life	director	Aleksei Maslyukov
Road to Life	director	Mechislava Mayevskaya
Psychoville	director	Matt Lipsey
Nodo jimankyō jidai	director	Torajiro Saito
Abe and the Amazing Promise	director	John Wahba
Graphic Sexual Horror	director	Anna Lorentzon
Graphic Sexual Horror	director	Barbara Bell
Yagyu Secret Scrolls	director	Hiroshi Inagaki
Yagyu Secret Scrolls  part II柳生武芸帳　双龍秘剣Yagyu Bugeic  1	director	Hiroshi Inagaki
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1955 film)	director	Erich Kobler
High Lonesome (film)	director	Alan Le May
Before Vanishing	director	Joude Gorani
Huracán Ramírez (film)	director	Joselito Rodríguez
This Place Is Death	director	Paul A. Edwards
Beck: Levande begravd	director	Harald Hamrell
Glorious 39	director	Stephen Poliakoff
Christ in Bronze	director	Minoru Shibuya
Seven Years in Tibet (1956 film)	director	Hans Nieter
The Leech	director	Salah Abu Seif
The Leech	director	Amin Yousseff Ghurab
Moses Jones	director	Michael Offer
Drumsticks (film)	director	Shantaram Athavale
Sob o Céu da Bahia	director	Ernesto Remani
Suck (film)	director	Rob Stefaniuk
Talpa (film)	director	Alfredo B. Crevenna
Maurie	director	Daniel Mann
A Kiss From Mary Pickford	director	Sergei Komarov
Unnaipol Oruvan	director	Chakri Toleti
Murray Takes It to the Next Level	director	Troy Miller
One Is a Lonely Number	director	Mel Stuart
Gaby: A True Story	director	Luis Mandoki
Gifted Hands: The Ben Carson Story	director	Thomas piers (film director)
Giliap	director	Roy Andersson
The Linda McCartney Story	director	Armand Mastroianni
Philadelphia Experiment II	director	Stephen Cornwell
The Atomic City	director	Jerry Hopper
The Chevrolet Tele-Theatre	director	Barry Bernard
The Chevrolet Tele-Theatre	director	Garry Simpson
Camino (film)	director	Javier Fesser
Madrasapattinam	director	A. L. Vijay
Afternoon of the Bulls	director	Ladislao Vajda
Item One	director	Boyan Danovski
El Último perro	director	Lucas Demare
Walk Into Paradise	director	Lee Robinson (director)
Walk Into Paradise	director	Marcello Pagliero
Baruto no Gakuen	director	Masanobu Deme
Partly Cloudy	director	Peter Sohn
Jockeys (TV series)	director	John Chester
Walking the Edge	director	Norbert Meisel
Aadhavan	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Duped Till Doomsday	director	Kurt Jung-Alsen
Valley of Peace (film)	director	France Štiglic
Thambikku Indha Ooru	director	Badri
Tōjūrō no Koi (1955 film)	director	Kazuo Mori
Bhageeratha (film)	director	Rasool Ellore
Cheerleaders (2008 film)	director	Digital Playground#Directors
Trust and Blood	director	Allan Arkush
Building 26	director	Sergio Mimica-Gezzan
Cold Wars	director	Seith Mann
Exposed (Heroes)	director	Eric Laneuville
A Woman Called Moses	director	Paul Wendkos
The Muslims I Know	director	Mara Ahmed
Here's Your Life	director	Jan Troell
Don Quixote (1957 film)	director	Grigori Kozintsev
The Harvest Month	director	Matti Kassila
Faustina (1957 film)	director	José Luis Sáenz de Heredia
Gotoma the Buddha	director	Rajbans Khanna
Bloody Spear at Mount Fuji	director	Tomu Uchida
Guendalina	director	Alberto Lattuada
High Tide at Noon	director	Philip Leacock
Sorcerer's Orb	director	Toshikazu Kōno
The Rice People	director	Tadashi Imai
Two Confessions	director	Márton Keleti
The Mill of Good Luck	director	Victor Iliu
Rose Bernd (film)	director	Wolfgang Staudte
Hamsun (film)	director	Jan Troell
Lapland Calendar	director	Per Høst
Lapland Calendar	director	Anders Pentha
Wakanohana monogatari dohyou no oni (1956 film)	director	Kenjiro Morinaga
Anti-Clock	director	Jane Arden (director)
Anti-Clock	director	Jack Bond (director)
Odoru ryū kyūjō	director	Yasushi Sasaki
Earth (1957 film)	director	Zahari Zhandov
Kurulu Bedda	director	L. S. Ramachandran
Heavy Metal in Baghdad	director	Suroosh Alvi
BLAST! (2008 film)	director	Paul Devlin (filmmaker)
Bright Sparks	director	Babe: Pig in the City
The Other Woman (2009 film)	director	Don Roos
Welcome to Macintosh (film)	director	Josh Rizzo
The Final Test	director	Anthony Asquith
Home and Away (1956 film)	director	Vernon Sewell
America (2009 film)	director	Yves Simoneau
Taking Chance	director	Ross Katz
Unnatural Love	director	Michel Gondry
Fancypants	director	Joshua Russell
Alien Abduction (film)	director	Eric Forsberg
The Rabbit Man	director	Stig Larsson
Last Train to Mahakali	director	Anurag Kashyap (director)
Vinnaithaandi Varuvaayaa	director	Gautham Menon
My Sons	director	Yoji Yamada
Lost Children	director	Miloš Makovec
Things Fall Apart (Ugly Betty)	director	Tom Verica
La Caleta olvidada	director	Bruno Gebel
Mecho Wars	director	Luc Bernard
Asoo Billa	director	Husnain
Optimistic Tragedy (film)	director	Samson Samsonov
Odoroki ikka	director	Torajiro Saito
Islanded in a Stream of Stars	director	Edward James Olmos
Akogare no Hawaii kōro	director	Torajiro Saito
Shadows in the Storm	director	Terrell Tannen
Kid vs. Kat	director	Rob Boutilier
The Set-Up (1995 film)	director	Strathford Hamilton
Skills Like This	director	Monty Miranda
Black Day Blue Night	director	J. S. Cardone
Ready? OK!	director	James Vasquez
Neshoba (film)	director	Micki Dickoff
Neshoba (film)	director	Tony Pagano
Khel – No Ordinary Game	director	Yousaf Khan
Mustard Bath (film)	director	Darrell Wasyk
Kalishankar (2007 film)	director	Prashanta Nanda
Longe é a cidade	director	Ricardo Costa (filmmaker)
The Flute and the Arrow	director	Arne Sucksdorff
Girl and the River	director	François Villiers
Young Husbands	director	Mauro Bolognini
Hōrō no utahime	director	Tetsuo Ichikawa
London River	director	Rachid Bouchareb
Chichi Koishi	director	Shunkai Mizuho
Tonbo kaeri dōchū	director	Torajiro Saito
Hibari no komoriuta	director	Koji Shima
Hatchet for the Honeymoon	director	Mario Bava
Caroline at Midnight	director	Scott McGinnis
Shades of Gray (Heroes)	director	Greg Beeman
Manhattan Tower (film)	director	Frank R. Strayer
Maman est chez le coiffeur	director	Léa Pool
Toronto Stories	director	Sook-Yin Lee
Toronto Stories	director	David Sutherland
Toronto Stories	director	David Weaver
Toronto Stories	director	Aaron Woodley
The Nanny (Pilot)	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
Law Abiding Citizen	director	F. Gary Gray
Night of the Demons (2009 film)	director	Adam Gierasch
Lal Tuku Tuku Sadhaba Bahu	director	Sangram Biswal
Mr. Chedworth Steps Out	director	Ken G. Hall
Morphine (film)	director	Aleksei Balabanov
My First Wife	director	Paul Cox
An American Affair	director	William Olsson
Sher-e-Lahore (2001 film)	director	Sangeeta
La Rosa di Bagdad	director	Anton Gino Domenighini
Fruit Fly (film)	director	H.P. Mendoza
The Outlaw and His Wife	director	Victor Sjöström
Love Is a Weapon of Choice	director	James Bobin
You (film)	director	Melora Hardin
Bandits (1997 film)	director	Katja von Garnier
Hollywood Outlaw Movie	director	Maija DiGiorgio
Father Sergius (film)	director	Yakov Protazanov
Father Sergius (film)	director	Alexandre Volkoff
What Have You Done to Solange?	director	Massimo Dallamano
Gulaal	director	Anurag Kashyap (director)
Immediate Family (film)	director	Jonathan Kaplan
Black Belly of the Tarantula	director	Paolo Cavara
The Case of the Scorpion's Tail	director	Sergay Martino
The Devil's Disciple (1926 film)	director	Oscar Micheaux
Die Geschichte vom kleinen Muck	director	Wolfgang Staudte
Son-Rise: A Miracle of Love	director	Glenn Jordan
Donga Kollu	director	Vijaya Baapineedu
Pelli Pusthakam	director	Bapu (artist)
The Greater Good (House)	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
Big Fella	director	J. Elder Wills
Jericho (1937 film)	director	Thornton Freeland
Native Land	director	Leo Hurwitz
Native Land	director	Paul Strand
Hillside Cannibals	director	Leigh Scott
Bodyguard (2010 film)	director	Siddique (director)
Crime Doesn't Pay	director	Larry Shaw
The Story of Lucy and Jessie	director	Bethany Rooney
The Tallest Tree in Our Forest	director	Gil Noble
Paul Robeson: Here I Stand	director	St. Clair Bourne
My Comedy Show	director	Ted Wass (actor)
A Matter of Dignity	director	Michael Cacoyannis
A Man of Straw	director	Pietro Germi
Iron Flower	director	János Herskó
City Detective (TV series)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
The Song of the Rivers	director	Joris Ivens
The Song of the Rivers	director	Joop Huiskens
The Song of the Rivers	director	Robert Menegoz
My Song Goes Forth	director	Joseph Best
Ingeborg Holm	director	Victor Sjöström
Beder Meye Josna	director	Motiur Rahman Panu
A Man There Was	director	Victor Sjöström
The Aryan	director	William S. Hart
The Spessart Inn	director	Kurt Hoffmann
Suburban Romance	director	Zbyněk Brynych
Zill-e-Shah	director	Shaan Shahid
Édes Anna	director	Zoltán Fábri
Aila Re Odia Pua	director	Vikash Das
Sugar Daddy (Ugly Betty)	director	David Warren (director)
Fanfare (film)	director	Bert Haanstra
Miss April (1958 film)	director	Göran Gentele
Eva (1958 film)	director	Rolf Thiele
The Silences of the Palace	director	Moufida Tlatli
Puce Moment	director	Kenneth Anger
The Chasers (1959 film)	director	Erik Løchen
Court Martial (1959 film)	director	Kurt Meisel
Lajwanti	director	Narendra Suri
Middle of the Night	director	Delbert Mann
Bloody Twilight	director	Andreas Labrinos
Golden Ticket (The Office)	director	Randall Einhorn
Final Impact (film)	director	Joseph Merhi
Ivan (2002 film)	director	R. Parthiban
Sonata (Moonlight)	director	Fred Toye
Earth Days	director	Robert Stone (director)
Hit and Run (2009 film)	director	Enda McCallion (director)
Monster Allergy (TV series)	director	Iginio Straffi
A Home for Tanya	director	Lev Kulidzhanov
About Elly	director	Asghar Farhadi
Policarpo	director	Mario Soldati
Portuguese Rhapsody	director	João Mendes
Between Heaven and Hell (film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Talent for the Game	director	Robert M. Young (film director)
My Absence	director	John Putch
A Midsummer Night's Dream (1959 film)	director	Jiří Trnka
The Snowy Heron	director	Teinosuke Kinugasa
Desire (1958 film)	director	Vojtěch Jasný
Train Without a Timetable	director	Veljko Bulajić
Sugar Harvest	director	Lucas Demare
Los Amigos	director	Paolo Cavara
Jannat Ki Talash	director	Hassan Askari
Frontier (1955 TV series)	director	Worthington Miner
America As Seen by a Frenchman	director	François Reichenbach
Andaru Dongale	director	V. B. Rajendra Prasad
The Milk of Sorrow	director	Claudia Llosa
The Enchanting Shadow	director	Li Han-hsiang
Cidade Ameaçada	director	Roberto Farias
The Lady with the Dog (film)	director	Iosif Kheifits
The Delinquents (1960 film)	director	Carlos Saura
Ragavan	director	Parandhaman
Demonia (film)	director	Lucio Fulci
Deep Crimson	director	Arturo Ripstein
Mr. Motivation	director	Deran Sarafian
How Much Do You Love Your Kid?	director	Allison Liddi-Brown
On-Foot	director	Tim Tayag
On-Foot	director	Allan Manalo
On-Foot	director	Theodore Gonzalves
Right Here, Right Now (Anand Gandhi film)	director	Anand Gandhi
Guerreros	director	Daniel Calparsoro
Recep İvedik	director	Togan Gökbakar
Jub Jub Phool Khile	director	Iqbal Akhtar
Dream Girl (2009 film)	director	Ashok Pati
Sassi Punno	director	Hassan Askari
Nikah (film)	director	Sangeeta
Eclipse (1994 film)	director	Jeremy Podeswa
Crazy Girls Undercover	director	Chris Langman
Odd Obsession	director	Kon Ichikawa
When the Woman Butts In	director	Zdeněk Podskalský
L'Absent	director	Céline Baril
The Haunted House of Horror	director	Michael Armstrong (cinematographer)
The Wind in the Willows (2006 film)	director	Rachel Talalay
Margazhi Raagam	director	Jayendra Panchapakesan
Kilichundan Mampazham	director	Priyadarshan
Bal Ganesh	director	Pankaj Sharma
Mayflower: The Pilgrims' Adventure	director	George Schaefer (director)
Fools of Fortune	director	Pat O'Connor (director)
From Time to Time (film)	director	Julian Fellowes
Unfaithful (House)	director	Greg Yaitanes
French Film	director	Jackie Oudney
H (1990 film)	director	Darrell Wasyk
Yanda kartavya ahe	director	Kedar Shinde
Kasaba (film)	director	Nuri Bilge Ceylan
The Steel Bayonet	director	Michael Carreras
Ishq Be Parwah	director	Altaf Hussain
Upgrade (The Twilight Zone)	director	Joe Chappelle
Amma (1949 film)	director	Sirisena Wimalaweera
A Spark. To Pierce the Dark.	director	David Grossman
Lady Chatterley's Lover (1955 film)	director	Marc Allégret
Victoria & Albert (TV serial)	director	John Ermant
Closed for Winter	director	James Bogle
Trial by Jury (film)	director	Heywood Gould
The Guilty (2000 film)	director	Anthony Waller
Return of the Scarlet Pimpernel	director	Hanns Schwarz
Our Father (Dexter)	director	Keith Gordon
Jai Veeru	director	Puneet Sira
Nabab Nandini	director	Haranath Chakraborty
You're in the Army Now	director	Lewis Seiler
Jau Tithe Khau	director	Abhay Kirti
Teesri Aankh: The Hidden Camera	director	Harry Baweja
Seven Days... Seven Nights	director	Peter Brook
The Unsent Letter	director	Mikhail Kalatozov
First Lesson	director	Rangel Vulchanov
First Lesson	director	Vladimir Petrov (director)
Still Waiting...	director	Jeff Balis
If the Wind Frightens You	director	Emile Degelin
Kentucky Jones	director	Buzz Kulik
La Banda J.S.: Cronaca criminale del Far West	director	Sergio Corbucci
Living in Emergency: Stories of Doctors Without Borders	director	Mark N. Hopkins
Lilly Turner	director	William A. Wellman
The Juice Is Loose	director	Cyndi Tang
Bikini Planet (film)	director	Derek Zemrak
Aduri	director	Riyadh Mahmood
Big City (1937 film)	director	Frank Borzage
The Sleeping Child	director	Yasmine Kassari
The Man Between	director	Carol Reed
Whiplash (film)	director	Lewis Seiler
Murder at Covent Garden	director	Leslie S. Hiscott
Direct Contact	director	Danny Lerner
I Love You (2005 Indian film)	director	Hara Patnaik
Red Dwarf: Back to Earth	director	Doug Naylor
Telegrame	director	Aurel Miheles
Telegrame	director	Gheorghe Naghi
Shadows in Paradise	director	Aki Kaurismäki
Bad Luck (film)	director	Andrzej Munk
The Flapjack Contest	director	William F. Claxton
The Song Remains Insane (video)	director	Kimo Proudfoot
The Junction (The Twilight Zone)	director	Bill Duke
Shark Swarm	director	James A. Contner
Kill Cruise	director	Peter Keglevic
Barah Aana	director	Raja Menon
Only You (2009 TV series)	director	Rory Quintos
Kill by Inches (film)	director	Diane Doniol-Valcroze
Kill by Inches (film)	director	Arthur Flam
Halloween Night	director	Mark Atkins
Jag Jeondeyan De Mele	director	Baljit Singh Deo
A Tight Corner	director	Leslie S. Hiscott
A Safe Proposition	director	Leslie S. Hiscott
Agni Pariksha (1954 film)	director	Agradoot
Daybreak (Battlestar Galactica)	director	Michael Rymer
Le Crime ne paie pas	director	Gérard Oury
That Forward Center Dies at Dawn	director	René Mugica
Mr. Monk Goes to the Firehouse  Monk   1	director	Stephen Surjik
The Joy of Living	director	René Clément
Recep İvedik 2	director	Togan Gökbakar
Chandiya (film)	director	Titus Thotawatte
Everybody's Fine (1990 film)	director	Giuseppe Tornatore
Mademoiselle Mozart	director	Yvan Noé
The Fourteenth Day	director	Zdravko Velimirović
Reconstruction (2003 film)	director	Christoffer Boe
Darclee	director	Mihai Iacob
The Judge (film)	director	Alf Sjöberg
The Brute (1961 film)	director	Zoltán Fábri
I Like Mike (film)	director	Peter Frye
The Stoneman Murders	director	Manish Gupta
The Cossacks (film)	director	Vasily Pronin
The Last Witness (1960 film)	director	Wolfgang Staudte
Aşk-ı Memnu (TV series)	director	Hilal Saral
A Mother of a Problem	director	Matthew Diamond
New Boss	director	Paul Feig
The Passionate Demons	director	Nils Reinhardt Christensen
Madalena (film)	director	Dinos Dimopoulos
Satya Harishchandra (Telugu film)	director	Kadri Venkata Reddy
Interceptor Force 2	director	Phillip J. Roth
Zov Djungley	director	Sergei Suponev
My Own Love Song	director	Olivier Dahan
The Knife (film)	director	Fons Rademakers
Her Brother	director	Kon Ichikawa
A Song About the Gray Pigeon	director	Stanislav Barabáš
Chronicle of Flaming Years	director	Yuliya Solntseva
The First Mass	director	Lima Barreto (director)
Mr. Monk and the Magician	director	Randall Zisk
FOX-y Lady	director	Pete Michels
Rebecca's Daughters	director	Karl Francis
Méfiez-vous, mesdames	director	André Hunebelle
Cyclone (1987 film)	director	Fred Olen Ray
The Wastrel	director	Michael Cacoyannis
Robinhood (2009 film)	director	Joshi (director)
Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Marathi L'il Champs	director	Rajan Dange
Caught in the Act (The Outer Limits)	director	Mario Azzopardi
The Lovers of Teruel (film)	director	Raymond Rouleau
The Blue Generation	director	Garin Nugroho
Suna Chadhei Mo Rupa Chadhei	director	Himanshu Parija
The Bread of Those Early Years	director	Herbert Vesely
The Take (TV series)	director	David Drury
The Impossible Goodbye	director	Stanisław Jędryka
Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai	director	Milan Luthria
And Love Has Vanished	director	Aleksandar Petrović (film director)
Children of the Sun (film)	director	Jacques Séverac
Aadara Hasuna	director	H. D. Premaratne
Abudasse kale	director	Kumar Wickremasooriya
Adarawanthayo	director	Amarnath Jayatilaka
Akka Nago	director	Vincent David
Amathikama	director	Nihal Jayasinghe
Bicycle Hora	director	S. Mastan
Ataweni Pudumaya	director	S. Mastan
Dehadaka Duka	director	Robin Tampoe
Ahas Gauwa	director	Darmasena Pathiraja
Apeksha	director	H. D. Premaratne
Awaragira	director	Lester James Peries
Bawa Duka	director	Dharmasiri Bandaranayake
Bawa Karma	director	Dharmasiri Bandaranayake
Anantha Rathriya	director	Prasanna Vithanage
Arunata pera	director	Amarnath Jayatilaka
Biththi Hathara	director	Parakrama de Silva
Deveni Gamana	director	H. D. Premaratne
Dadayama	director	Wasantha Obesekara
She (1982 film)	director	Avi Nesher
The Oregon Trail (TV series)	director	Bill Bixby
The Dust of Time	director	Theodoros Angelopoulos
Il Fornaretto di Venezia	director	Duccio Tessari
Song About the Merchant Kalashnikov (film)	director	Vasily Goncharov
La Maison en Petits Cubes	director	Kunio Katō
Menschen im Hotel	director	Gottfried Reinhardt
Toyland (film)	director	Jochen Alexander Freydank
Winter Holidays	director	Camillo Mastrocinque
Winter Holidays	director	Giuliano Carnimeo
Legion of the Dead (film)	director	The Asylum
Long Weekend (2008 film)	director	Jamie Blanks
El retrato de la peste	director	Lucila Las Heras
Yeh Zindagi Ka Safar	director	Tanuja Chandra
Fine Dead Girls	director	Dalibor Matanić
Merlin and the War of the Dragons	director	Mark Atkins
Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum	director	Piotr Cywiński
The Crew (2008 film)	director	Adrian Vitoria
Adorable Julia	director	Alfred Weidenmann
La Florida (film)	director	George Mihalka
3rd & Bird	director	Jennifer Oxley
When the Trees Were Tall	director	Lev Kulidzhanov
Konga Yo	director	Yves Allégret
Foundry Town	director	Kirio Urayama
Liberté I	director	Yves Ciampi
Postcards from the Edge (film)	director	Mike Nichols
Man in Outer Space	director	Oldřich Lipský
The Vineyard (film)	director	James Hong
The Vineyard (film)	director	William "Bill" Rice
The Twilight Saga: Eclipse	director	David Slade
Doc (film)	director	Frank Perry
Veer (film)	director	Anil Sharma
Nil Nirjane	director	Subrata Sen
Krabat – The Sorcerer's Apprentice	director	Karel Zeman
Care (Law & Order: UK)	director	Omar Madha
Jothe Jotheyali	director	Dinakar Thoogudeep
Eraser Children	director	Nathan Christoffel
True North (film)	director	Steve Hudson
The Crooked Lady	director	Leslie S. Hiscott
Cold Snap (Heroes)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Neeli Aankhen	director	Shyam Ramsay
Paradise in Harlem	director	Joseph Seiden
Radio Cape Cod	director	Andrew Silver (producer)
Captive Flock	director	Ducho Mundrov
A Bomb Was Stolen	director	Ion Popescu-Gopo
Familles je vous hais	director	Bruno Bontzolakis
Innocent (film)	director	Costa Natsis
Trop de bonheur	director	Cédric Kahn
La Chambre obscure	director	Marie-Christine Questerbert
Whispering Smith (TV series)	director	Christian Nyby
Zone of the Dead	director	Milan Konjević
Zone of the Dead	director	Milan Todorović
Fight for the Planet	director	Colin Carter
Ragazzi fuori	director	Marco Risi
Ek Bar Bolo Uttam Kumar	director	Chinmoy Ray
Aagey Se Right	director	Indrajit Nattoji
Crazy Gopalan	director	Deepu Karunakaran
En Uyir Thozhan	director	P. Bharathiraja
The Female: Seventy Times Seven	director	Leopoldo Torre Nilsson
The Lass from the Stormy Croft	director	Victor Sjöström
The Magnificent Concubine	director	Li Han-hsiang
Les Abysses	director	Nikos Papatakis
Like Two Drops of Water	director	Fons Rademakers
American Violet	director	Tim Disney
The Conjugal Bed (1963 film)	director	Marco Ferreri
Brothers at War	director	Jake Rademacher
The Good Love	director	Francisco Regueiro
Wanderlust (2006 film)	director	Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini
Wanderlust (2006 film)	director	Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini
Neighbors from Hell	director	John Rice
Neighbors from Hell	director	Raymond S. Persi
Kanne Madanguka	director	Alberrt Antoni
The Pornographer	director	Bertrand Bonello
Pretty Bloody: The Women of Horror	director	Donna Davies
French California	director	Jacques Fieschi
Seenu (1999 film)	director	Shashi
Chhaya (1961 film)	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Libido (1973 film)	director	Tim Burstall
Libido (1973 film)	director	Fred Schepisi
Doo Wop (film)	director	David Lanzmann
Carrément à l'Ouest	director	Jacques Doillon
Shimkent hôtel	director	Charles de Meaux
Makante Achan	director	V. M. Vinu
Shatru Sanghar	director	Sudhanshu Sahu
Good Morning, Babylon	director	Paolo and Vittorio Taviani
Lomax, the Hound of Music	director	Richard Fernandes
I Can't Give You Anything But Love, Baby (film)	director	Albert S. Rogell
A Quiet Week in the House	director	Jan Švankmajer
Mothers & Daughters (film)	director	David Conolly
The Road West	director	Vincent McEveety
The Road West	director	Paul Stanley (director)
The Return of Navajo Boy	director	Jeff Spitz
Not All Dogs Go to Heaven	director	Greg Colton
Kahan Gaye Woh Log	director	Dheeraj Kumar
The Cage (film)	director	Robert Darène
Carom Shots	director	Marcel Bluwal
Codine (film)	director	Henri Colpi
A Cozy Cottage	director	Tamás Fejér
El Otro Cristóbal	director	Armand Gatti
Glory Sky	director	Takis Kanellopoulos (director)
Swapna Sagara	director	Prashanta Nanda
The Hitchhiker (film)	director	Leigh Scott
A Little Piece of Heaven (film)	director	Mimi Leder
Pour la suite du monde	director	Michel Brault
Pour la suite du monde	director	Pierre Perrault
Rat Trap (film)	director	Jean-Gabriel Albicocco
The Stu Erwin Show	director	Charles Barton
The Stu Erwin Show	director	Howard Bretherton
The Stu Erwin Show	director	Frank R. Strayer
The Understudy (film)	director	David Conolly
The Understudy (film)	director	Hannah Davis
Tobacco (film)	director	Nikola Korabov
Empress Wu Tse-Tien	director	Li Han-hsiang
A Touch of Murder	director	Herbert Wise
The 3 Rooms of Melancholia	director	Pirjo Honkasalo
Carga de rurales	director	Gabriel Veyre
Harts of the West	director	James Hayman
Love Simple	director	Mark von Sternberg
Eagle's Wing	director	Anthony Harvey
Katha (1983 film)	director	Sai Paranjpye
Don't Drink the Water (1969 film)	director	Howard Morris
Why We Bang	director	Orlando Myrics
Why We Bang	director	Cecil Holmes
Why We Bang	director	Clifford Jordan (film director)
Coons! Night of the Bandits of the Night	director	Travis Irvine
Linear (film)	director	Anton Corbijn
Three Daring Daughters	director	Fred M. Wilcox
Broadway Serenade	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Cairo (film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
The Objective	director	Daniel Myrick
Greed in the Sun	director	Henri Verneuil
The Ape Woman	director	Marco Ferreri
The Cry (1963 film)	director	Jaromil Jireš
Mr. Imperium	director	Don Hartman
Last Night (1964 film)	director	Kamal El Sheikh
Bloodline (ER)	director	Stephen Cragg
Latin Lovers (1953 film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
The Girl in Mourning	director	Manuel Summers
Drama of the Lark	director	László Ranódy
Nirbachana	director	Biplab Ray Chaudhuri
Midnight DJ	director	Lore Reyes
Two Weeks (The Office)	director	Paul Lieberstein
Alone on the Pacific	director	Kon Ichikawa
Dragonquest (film)	director	Mark Atkins
The White Caravan	director	Tamaz Meliava
The White Caravan	director	Eldar Shengelaya
Ten Thousand Years Older	director	Werner Herzog
Thatcher: The Final Days	director	Tim Sullivan (British filmmaker)
All Night Long (1992 film)	director	Katsuya Matsumura
The Lady Takes a Flyer	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Red Sands	director	Alex Turner (director)
By Love Possessed (film)	director	John Sturges
Bachelor in Paradise	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Back to the Streets of San Francisco	director	Mel Damski
The Journey of Jared Price	director	Dustin Lance Black
Freezer Burn (film)	director	Charles Hood
Korkusuz	director	Çetin İnanç
The Ghost Writer (film)	director	Roman Polanski
Prime Minister (Flight of the Conchords)	director	James Bobin
Green Lantern: First Flight	director	Lauren Montgomery
Return to Sender (Dexter)	director	Tony Goldwyn
Aranya Rodan	director	Biplab Ray Chaudhuri
Time and Teresa Golowitz (The Twilight Zone)	director	Shelley Levinson
Shadows of the Rainbow	director	Susant Misra
Dive Bomber (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Dead Woman from Beverly Hills	director	Michael Pfleghar
The Monastery of Sendomir	director	Victor Sjöström
Paging Emma	director	Roberto Busó-García
Patrick (film)	director	Richard Franklin (director)
The Night the Prowler	director	Jim Sharman
White Voices	director	Pasquale Festa Campanile
White Voices	director	Massimo Franciosa
The Rage of Paris	director	Henry Koster
Skoplje '63	director	Veljko Bulajić
Destination Anywhere: The Film	director	Mark Pellington
The 317th Platoon	director	Pierre Schoendoerffer
Loving Couples (1964 film)	director	Mai Zetterling
The Combination (film)	director	David Field (actor)
Black Butterfly (film)	director	Francisco José Lombardi
Clay (1965 film)	director	Giorgio Mangiamele
Three Men in a Boat (1956 film)	director	Ken Annakin
Stewart Lee's Comedy Vehicle	director	Tim Kirkby
The Debt	director	John Madden (director)
Just a Kiss (2002 film)	director	Fisher Stevens
The Joneses	director	Derrick Borte
The Pack (1977 film)	director	Robert Clouse
Kick Buttowski: Suburban Daredevil	director	Chris Savino
Kick Buttowski: Suburban Daredevil	director	Sherm Cohen
If Paris Were Told to Us	director	Sacha Guitry
Persecution (film)	director	Don Chaffey
Flesh and Blood (1922 film)	director	Irving Cummings
Future-Kill	director	Ronald W. Moore
G-mik	director	Laurenti Dyogi
Casbah (film)	director	John Berry
Her Twelve Men	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Three Sailors and a Girl	director	Roy Del Ruth
Two Weeks with Love	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
Baaja	director	A. K. Bir
Movie Stars (TV series)	director	Peter Bonerz
Movie Stars (TV series)	director	Gil Junger
Movie Stars (TV series)	director	Dinah Manoff
Movie Stars (TV series)	director	James Widdoes
Away with Words	director	Christopher Doyle
Nahapet	director	Henrik Malyan
Girl Crazy (1997 film)	director	Richard Dutcher
Dæmonicus	director	Frank Spotnitz
Release (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
Nothing Important Happened Today	director	Kim Manners
Nothing Important Happened Today	director	Tony Wharmby
The Skywalk Is Gone	director	Tsai Ming-liang
Mass Appeal (film)	director	Glenn Jordan
Alone (The X-Files)	director	Frank Spotnitz
Vienen	director	Rod Hardy
Deadalive	director	Tony Wharmby
Existence (The X-Files)	director	Kim Manners
The Sex Issue	director	Victor Nelli, Jr.
Sahib Biwi Gulam	director	Amitabh Bhattacharjee
Nowhere Boy	director	Sam Taylor-Wood
OMG (Oh, My Girl!)	director	Dante Nico Garcia
Namaste (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Boy A (film)	director	John Crowley (director)
Kosovo: Can You Imagine?	director	Boris Malagurski
Get Hep to Love	director	Charles Lamont
Verboten!	director	Samuel Fuller
Premi No.1	director	Debu Pattnaik
Aasal	director	Saran (director)
Mantis in Lace	director	William Rotsler
Look Into Their Eyes and You See What They Know	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Starting Over (2007 film)	director	Giles Foster
The Man with Bogart's Face	director	Robert Day (director)
Malini Iyer	director	Satish Kaushik
Prarambha	director	Santosh Sivan
Az Életbe táncoltatott leány	director	Tamás Banovich
Hero (2000 film)	director	Mark Bamford
Marvelous (film)	director	Síofra Campbell
Day of the Evil Gun	director	Jerry Thorpe
13 (film)	director	Géla Babluani
Rasputin and the Empress	director	Richard Boleslavsky
The Assassin of the Tsar	director	Karen Shakhnazarov
The Stinsons	director	Pamela Fryman
From NFB to Box-Office	director	Denys Desjardins
Georgi and the Butterflies	director	Andrey Paounov
The Bette Midler Show	director	Tom Trbovich
Zameen Se Aassman Tak	director	Ashok Gaikwad
Torrid Noon	director	Zako Heskija
Snakes and Ladders (film)	director	Manuel Summers
A Trip to Chinatown (film)	director	Robert P. Kerr
My Home Is Copacabana	director	Arne Sucksdorff
The Moment of Truth (film)	director	Francesco Rosi
H. H. Holmes: America's First Serial Killer	director	John Borowski
Salt (2010 film)	director	Phillip Noyce
My Son, My Son, What Have Ye Done?	director	Werner Herzog
Story of a Kiss	director	José Luis Garci
The Garden (2008 film)	director	Scott Hamilton Kennedy
Doctor at Large (film)	director	Ralph Thomas
Man with the Gun	director	Richard Wilson (producer)
Bandido (film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Vampiro: Angel, Devil, Hero	director	Lee Demarbre
The Forest Rangers (film)	director	George Marshall (director)
Challenge (2009 film)	director	Raj Chakraborty
Le Premier Cercle	director	Laurent Tuel
Blackmail (2005 film)	director	Anil Devgan
The Open Doors	director	James E. Rogan
The Cloud Door	director	Mani Kaul
Men and Women (1964 film)	director	Walter Hugo Khouri
Forest of the Hanged	director	Liviu Ciulei
The Home of Dark Butterflies	director	Dome Karukoski
The Woman Inside	director	Joseph Van Winkle
Armed and Innocent	director	Jack Bender
Zombieland	director	Ruben Fleischer
Days of Darkness (film)	director	Jake Kennedy
El Esqueleto de la señora Morales	director	Rogelio A. González
Song of the Younger World (The Twilight Zone)	director	Noel Black
Shuttle (film)	director	Edward Anderson (director)
Sucker Punch (film)	director	Zack Snyder
Mucenici (film)	director	Denis Cvitičanin
Seis días en la oscuridad	director	Gabriel Soriano
Mr. North	director	Danny Huston
King Kung Fu	director	Lance D. Hayes
The First Day of Freedom	director	Aleksander Ford
Freud (mini-series)	director	Moira Armstrong
Treason (1964 film)	director	Kostas Manoussakis
Always Further On	director	Luis Alcoriza
A Lonely Cow Weeps at Dawn	director	Daisuke Gotō
Zhavoronok	director	Nikita Kurikhin
Zhavoronok	director	Leonid Menaker
The Secrets of Jonathan Sperry	director	Rich Christiano
Anand Aur Anand	director	Dev Anand
Nietzsche (film)	director	Bryan Harley
Days of Nietzche in Turin	director	Júlio Bressane
The Fall of the Romanovs	director	Herbert Brenon
Pulijanmam	director	Priyanandanan
RiP!: A Remix Manifesto	director	Brett Gaylor
There Was an Old Couple	director	Grigori Chukhrai
The Street: A Film with the Homeless	director	Daniel Cross (filmmaker)
The Good Life (2008 film)	director	Andrés Wood
Hello, That's Me!	director	Frunze Dovlatyan
With the East Wind	director	Mario Camus
Winter in Wartime (film)	director	Martin Koolhoven
Back to the New World	director	Isabelle Lavigne
Back to the New World	director	Denys Desjardins
Back to the New World	director	Stéphane Thibault
Back to the New World	director	Julie Perron
La Dame aux poupées	director	Denys Desjardins
Me Bob Robert	director	Denys Desjardins
Me Bob Robert	director	Stéphane Thibault
The Doll Lady	director	Denys Desjardins
Boris Lehman, filmmaker	director	Denys Desjardins
High Season (film)	director	Clare Peploe
Shangani Patrol (film)	director	David Millin
The Pipes	director	Vojtěch Jasný
Paan Singh Tomar	director	Tigmanshu Dhulia
Naan Avanillai 2	director	Selva (director)
Pratighatana	director	T. Krishna
The Hour and Turn of Augusto Matraga	director	Roberto Santos
New Tokyo Decadence – The Slave	director	Osamu Satō
Peter Gaya Kaam Se	director	John Owen
Green Street 2: Stand Your Ground	director	Jesse Johnson (filmmaker)
Chairman George	director	Daniel Cross (filmmaker)
Chairman George	director	Mila Aung-Thwin
New Zealand Town	director	Taika Waititi
The Sons of Eilaboun	director	Hisham Zreiq
Too Colourful for the League	director	Daniel Cross (filmmaker)
Too Colourful for the League	director	Mila Aung-Thwin
Retrato de Familia	director	Antonio Giménez-Rico
Sexy Battle Girls	director	Mototsugu Watanabe
Punk the Vote!	director	Eric Denis
RoachTrip	director	Eric Denis
Desperate Justice	director	Armand Mastroianni
Corpus Callosum (2007 film)	director	Sarah Nagy
Corpus Callosum (2007 film)	director	Bryan Felber
Jai Jagannatha	director	Sabyasachi Mohapatra
Tenement 2	director	Chito Roño
Cameron's Closet	director	Armand Mastroianni
Rock All Night	director	Roger Corman
Lenin in Poland	director	Sergei Yutkevich
Lenin in Poland	director	Jan Rutkiewicz
Ön	director	Alf Sjöberg
The Ashes (film)	director	Andrzej Wajda
Răscoala	director	Mircea Mureşan
Without a Paddle: Nature's Calling	director	Ellory Elkayem
Aw Aaakare Aa	director	Susant Misra
Puja Pain Phulatie	director	Gadadhar Puty
We Still Kill the Old Way	director	Elio Petri
Zameer: The Fire Within	director	Kamal (director)
Slaughter of the Innocents (film)	director	James Glickenhaus
Hotel for Strangers	director	Antonín Máša
Music for a Blue Train	director	Mila Aung-Thwin
Leni Riefenstahl: Her Dream of Africa	director	Ray Müller
Wife, Husband and Friend	director	Gregory Ratoff
L'immorale	director	Pietro Germi
Bone (2005 film)	director	Mila Aung-Thwin
Misunderstood (1966 film)	director	Luigi Comencini
The Unknown Man of Shandigor	director	Jean-Louis Roy
Shantham	director	Jayaraj
Inuuvunga: I Am Inuk, I Am Alive	director	Daniel Cross (filmmaker)
Inuuvunga: I Am Inuk, I Am Alive	director	Mila Aung-Thwin
Inuuvunga: I Am Inuk, I Am Alive	director	Brett Gaylor
The Killing Game (1967 film)	director	Alain Jessua
Singapore (1960 film)	director	Shakti Samanta
Doctor Blood's Coffin	director	Sidney J. Furie
Charas: A Joint Operation	director	Tigmanshu Dhulia
La Conjura de El Escorial	director	Antonio del Real
Cho Kamen Rider Den-O & Decade Neo Generations: The Onigashima Warship	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Two Fists, One Heart	director	Shawn Seet
The Ring (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Sleeping with Strangers	director	William T. Bolson
Love Trilogy (film)	director	Derek Chiu
Teza (film)	director	Haile Gerima
Interview (1971 film)	director	Mrinal Sen
Calcutta 71	director	Mrinal Sen
Padatik	director	Mrinal Sen
Chorus (1974 film)	director	Mrinal Sen
Incident at Raven's Gate	director	Rolf de Heer
Incident at Raven's Gate	director	Marc Rosenberg (screenwriter)
The Winter's Tale (film)	director	Waris Hussein
Tenderness (film)	director	John Polson
Oy!	director	Anand Ranga
American Reel	director	Mark Archer
Katerina Izmailova	director	Mikhail Shapiro
Corruption (1968 film)	director	Robert Hartford-Davis
Babysitters (film)	director	Robby D. (pornographic director)
Red Psalm	director	Miklós Jancsó
Junior Miss (film)	director	George Seaton
Adina Megha	director	Amit Mitra
Deux fois	director	Jackie Raynal
Shoebite	director	Shoojit Sirkar
Amada Bata	director	Amar Ganguly
Klanta Aparahna	director	Manmohan Mahapatra
Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu	director	Suseenthiran
The Desire	director	R. Sarath
Short Sharp Shock (film)	director	Fatih Akın
Pilot (NYPD Blue)	director	Gregory Hoblit
My Love, My Love (film)	director	Nadine Trintignant
Pedro Páramo (1967 film)	director	Carlos Velo
The Winds of the Aures	director	Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina
Three Days and a Child	director	Uri Zohar
Entranced Earth	director	Glauber Rocha
Marie-Octobre	director	Julien Duvivier
Ten Thousand Days	director	Ferenc Kósa
The Cellar (film)	director	Kevin S. Tenney
Wingmen (Flight of the Conchords)	director	Troy Miller
Tulpan	director	Sergey Dvortsevoy
S&M Hunter	director	Shuji Kataoka
Frauds (film)	director	Stephan Elliott
Horne & Corden	director	Kathy Burke
Divinas palabras	director	José Luis García Sánchez
Kidz in the Wood	director	Neal Israel
Turn and Face the Strange	director	Jeannot Szwarc
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (film)	director	Miloš Forman
Heat (2006 film)	director	Rezo Gigineishvili
The Hangover (film)	director	Todd Phillips
Too Romantic	director	Todd Field
Oscar and Lucinda (film)	director	Gillian Armstrong
Nonnie & Alex	director	Todd Field
The Dog (film)	director	Todd Field
The Dog (film)	director	Alex Vlacos
Hanna-Barbera's 50th: A Yabba Dabba Doo Celebration	director	Marshall Flaum
How to Console Widows	director	José Mojica Marins
The Last Meeting	director	Antonio Eceiza
Sorry, Bro	director	Pamela Fryman
Effi Briest (1974 film)	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Il Capitano: A Swedish Requiem	director	Jan Troell
When I Was a Boy (film)	director	Todd Field
When I Was a Boy (film)	director	Matthew Modine
When I Was a Boy (film)	director	Alex Vlacos
Delivering (film)	director	Todd Field
The Tree (1993 film)	director	Todd Field
White on Rice	director	Dave Boyle
The Shield Around the K: The Story of K Records	director	Heather Rose Dominic
A Man Called Peter	director	Henry Koster
Murder by Contract	director	Irving Lerner
The Trance (The Twilight Zone)	director	Randy Bradshaw
Acts of Terror (The Twilight Zone)	director	Brad Turner (director)
There Was an Old Woman (The Twilight Zone)	director	Otta Hanus
One More Effort, Chinamen, if you want to be revolutionaries!	director	René Viénet
Panchavadi Palam	director	K. G. George
Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar (film)	director	Jabbar Patel
Hercules (1995 film)	director	Toshiyuki Hiruma
Hercules (1995 film)	director	Takashi
The Diviners (film)	director	Anne Wheeler
Invictus (film)	director	Clint Eastwood
Death of a Salesman (1951 film)	director	László Benedek
Baksho Rahashya (film)	director	Sandip Ray
Chuck Versus the Intersect	director	McG
Tokyo Sonata	director	Kiyoshi Kurosawa
X to Y	director	Matt Sobel
A Bunch of Amateurs	director	Andy Cadiff
This Beautiful City	director	Ed Gass-Donnelly
Chuck Versus the Helicopter	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
Bam Margera Presents: Where the ♯$&% Is Santa?	director	Bam Margera
The Moon and the Stars	director	John Irvin
Zor (film)	director	Sangeeth Sivan
The Tanks Are Coming	director	B. Reeves Eason
The Climb (2007 film)	director	Mark Johnston
Killer Party	director	William Fruet
Shades of Black: The Conrad Black Story	director	Alex Chapple
Chuck Versus the Tango	director	Jason Ensler
Dil Ka Kya Kasoor	director	Lawrence D'Souza
Eminent Domain (film)	director	John Irvin
Marionette (film)	director	Carmine Gallone
Champions (1983 film)	director	John Irvin
Love Story (1942 film)	director	Mario Camerini
Les Misérables (1948 film)	director	Riccardo Freda
Freefall (film)	director	John Irvin
The Temp (film)	director	Tom Holland
Vent'anni	director	Giorgio Bianchi
Institute of State and Law	director	Andrei G. Lisitsin-Svetlanov
Warm Summer Rain	director	Joe Gayton
Allegro (2005 film)	director	Christoffer Boe
Ulsavapittennu	director	Bharath Gopi
Chuck Versus the Wookiee	director	Allan Kroeker
Messenger of Death	director	J. Lee Thompson
Dark Mirror (film)	director	Pablo Proenza
Akash Kusum	director	Mrinal Sen
Delta of Venus (film)	director	Zalman King
Return of Mr. Superman (Mr. Superman ki Wapsi)	director	Manmohan Sabir
Vertigine d'amore	director	Luigi Capuano
Against the Law (1950 film)	director	Flavio Calzavara
Offscreen	director	Christoffer Boe
A Dog's Life (1950 film)	director	Mario Monicelli
A Dog's Life (1950 film)	director	Stefano Vanzina
The Accusation	director	Giacomo Gentilomo
A Tale of Five Cities	director	Romolo Marcellini
A Tale of Five Cities	director	Emil-Edwin Reinert
A Tale of Five Cities	director	Wolfgang Staudte
A Tale of Five Cities	director	Montgomery Tully
A Tale of Five Cities	director	Géza von Cziffra
A Tale of Five Cities	director	Irma von Cube
Paris Is Always Paris	director	Luciano Emmer
Saved by the Belles	director	Ziad Touma
The Mute of Portici	director	Giorgio Ansoldi
Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief	director	Chris Columbus (filmmaker)
Barefoot Savage	director	Clemente Fracassi
Tragic Return	director	Pier Luigi Faraldo
The Divine Woman	director	Victor Sjöström
Hush (2009 film)	director	Mark Tonderai
Hot Rod Girls Save the World	director	Kill Switch...Klick
Chuck Versus the Sizzling Shrimp	director	David Solomon (producer)
Rise Up (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Joanna Kerns
These Ties That Bind (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Eric Stoltz
In the Midnight Hour (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Tom Verica
All by Myself (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Arlene Sanford
Wish You Were Here (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Rob Corn
Sympathy for the Devil (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Jeannot Szwarc
The Cake Eaters	director	Mary Stuart Masterson
Conviction (film)	director	Tony Goldwyn
Chuck Versus the Alma Mater	director	Patrick Norris
Chomana Dudi	director	B. V. Karanth
Vamsha Vriksha	director	B. V. Karanth
Vamsha Vriksha	director	Girish Karnad
Hamsageethe	director	G. V. Iyer
The Power of One (film)	director	John G. Avildsen
The Eternal Chain	director	Anton Giulio Majano
Black Feathers	director	Oreste Biancoli
Miss Annie Rooney	director	Edwin L. Marin
Lulu (1953 film)	director	Fernando Cerchio
Eager to Live	director	Claudio Gora
Angels of the Streets	director	Robert Bresson
It's Never Too Late (1953 film)	director	Filippo Walter Ratti
We'll Take Manhattan	director	James Neilson (director)
Sunday Heroes	director	Mario Camerini
In Praise of Older Women (1978 film)	director	George Kaczender
Il viale della speranza	director	Dino Risi
Monster Shark	director	Lamberto Bava
Monster Shark	director	Bruno Mattei
Schiava del peccato	director	Raffaello Matarazzo
Quemar las Naves	director	Francisco France Alba
The Island Princess (film)	director	Paolo Moffa
The Island Princess (film)	director	Carlos Serrano de Osma
A Slice of Life (1954 film)	director	Alessandro Blasetti
A Slice of Life (1954 film)	director	Paul Paviot
Never Fear	director	Ida Lupino
Are You With It?	director	Jack Hively
The Coon	director	Trey Parker
Encyclopedia (TV series)	director	Joshua White
Life of an Expert Swordsman	director	Hiroshi Inagaki
The Wall (The Twilight Zone)	director	Atom Egoyan
Red Swastik	director	Vinod Pande
The Damage a Man Can Do	director	Marcos Siega
Bari Theke Paliye	director	Ritwik Ghatak
The Prussian Cur	director	Raoul Walsh
An American Girl: Chrissa Stands Strong	director	Martha Coolidge
The Naked and the Dead (film)	director	Raoul Walsh
Odaruthammava Aalariyam	director	Priyadarshan
Night Life (film)	director	David Acomba
MTV Roadies (season 4)	director	Raghu Ram
Whatever Happened, Happened	director	Bobby Roth
A Month by the Lake	director	John Irvin
Days of Love	director	Giuseppe De Santis
Days of Love	director	Leopoldo Savona
Casa Ricordi (film)	director	Carmine Gallone
Objectified	director	Gary Hustwit
Tom Toms of Mayumba	director	Gian Gaspare Napolitano
Tom Toms of Mayumba	director	Folco Quilici
The Front Porch	director	Rob Greenberg
The Miller's Beautiful Wife	director	Mario Camerini
Here Kitty	director	Juan J. Campanella
Confession (Law & Order)	director	Fred Gerber
Barbara (1980 film)	director	Gino Landi
My Friend Flicka (TV series)	director	John English (director)
Si Dios Me Quita La Vida	director	Jorge Fons
Blush (film)	director	Li Shaohong
Finding Bliss	director	Julie Davis
Small Town Saturday Night	director	Ryan Craig (director)
The King's Thief	director	Robert Z. Leonard
The Magician's Hat (film)	director	Milan Blažeković
Centurion (film)	director	Neil Marshall
Miracle Lane 2	director	Greg Beeman
Padma Nadir Majhi	director	Gautam Ghose
The Clifford Ball (DVD)	director	Martin Pitts
Hello Down There	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Hello Down There	director	Ricou Browning
Million Dollar Baby (1941 film)	director	Curtis Bernhardt
Evicted (Flight of the Conchords)	director	Taika Waititi
Mr. Adams and Eve	director	Sam Peckinpah
The Fifth Patient	director	Amir Mann
Crazy Horse (film)	director	John Irvin
Quick Gun Murugun	director	Shashanka Ghosh
Elevator (2008 film)	director	George Dorobanţu
Playing for Time (film)	director	Joseph Sargent
Playing for Time (film)	director	Daniel Mann
Whispers in the Dark (film)	director	Christopher Crowe
The Widow's Might	director	John Moore (American director)
The Way Back	director	Peter Weir
Reunion (1989 film)	director	Jerry Schatzberg
Childhood Days	director	Masahiro Shinoda
Lucky to Be a Woman	director	Alessandro Blasetti
The Bigamist (1956 film)	director	Luciano Emmer
Doctor and the Healer	director	Mario Monicelli
Fathers and Sons (1957 film)	director	Mario Monicelli
Canary (film)	director	Alejandro Adams
One Foot Under	director	Johanna Vuoksenmaa
Waco: A New Revelation	director	Jason Van Vleet
Prisoners of the Lost Universe	director	Terry Marcel
Assata aka Joanne Chesimard	director	Fred Baker (filmmaker)
A Patriotic Offering	director	Chevron Cars Ltd
The Human Factor (1979 film)	director	Otto Preminger
My Fake Fiancé	director	Gil Junger
Firaaq	director	Nandita Das
Love Rules (film)	director	Steven Robman
Tomahawk (film)	director	George Sherman
Sand, Love and Salt	director	František Čáp
Léon Morin, Priest	director	Jean-Pierre Melville
The Most Wonderful Moment	director	Luciano Emmer
Five Minutes of Heaven	director	Oliver Hirschbiegel
The Courtesans of Bombay	director	Ismail Merchant
Love and Troubles	director	Angelo Dorigo
My Wife's Enemy	director	Gianni Puccini
My Wife's Enemy	director	Gabriele Palmieri
The Dumbfounded King	director	Imanol Uribe
The Worst Years of Our Lives	director	Emilio Martínez Lázaro
Kandahar (2010 film)	director	Major Ravi
Talentadong Pinoy	director	Rich Ilustre
Business Today (Philippine TV series)	director	Jessica Soho
Chuck Versus the Undercover Lover	director	Fred Toye
Red Chillies (film)	director	Shaji Kailas
Piece of the Sky	director	Aglauco Casadio
Everyone's in Love	director	Giuseppe Orlandini
Everyone's in Love	director	Franco Rossi
Ferdinando I, re di Napoli	director	Gianni Franciolini
A Knight for a Day	director	Jack Hannah
Arrowhead (film)	director	Charles Marquis Warren
Ghosts of Rome	director	Antonio Pietrangeli
The Assassin (1961 film)	director	Elio Petri
A Lawless Street	director	Joseph H. Lewis
The Fugitive From Chicago	director	Johannes Meyer
You Gotta Stay Happy	director	H. C. Potter
How to Marry a Millionaire (TV series)	director	Danny Dare
How to Marry a Millionaire (TV series)	director	Peter Tewksbury
Speed (1936 film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
Navy Blue and Gold (film)	director	Sam Wood
Break Up (film)	director	Marco Ferreri
Me, Me, Me... and the Others	director	Alessandro Blasetti
Shoot Loud, Louder... I Don't Understand	director	Eduardo De Filippo
Bili Hendthi	director	Puttanna Kanagal
Rendezvous in a Dark Place	director	René Bonnière
The Last Grenade	director	Gordon Flemyng
Margaritaville (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Pedro (film)	director	Nick Oceano
Night Inn	director	Huang Zuolin
El Enemigo	director	Ernesto Alonso
Action Replayy	director	Vipul Amrutlal Shah
Novia, Esposa y Amante	director	Tulio Demicheli
Shobaraj	director	J. Sasikumar
What a Carve Up! (film)	director	Pat Jackson
Police Court	director	Louis King
Wordplay (UK game show)	director	Derek Hallworth
Ghosts – Italian Style	director	Renato Castellani
Diamonds for Breakfast (film)	director	Christopher Morahan
Dark Realm	director	Jim Threapleton
Dark Realm	director	Charles Neames
Dark Realm	director	Eric Summer
Dark Realm	director	Malcolm Cross (director)
El Año de la Peste	director	Felipe Cazals
Design for Living (film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Te Quiero (Daniela Romo film)	director	Tito Davison
Puerto Maldito	director	Alfredo B. Crevenna
Slaughterhouse Rock	director	Dimitri Logothetis
The Honorary Consul (film)	director	John Mackenzie
Bitayin si... Baby Ama!	director	Jun Gallardo
Walang Awa Kung Pumatay	director	Junn P. Cabreira
Epic Fu	director	Steve Woolf
Frisco Jenny	director	William A. Wellman
The Avengers (2012 film)	director	Joss Whedon
Pingami	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Utthaan	director	Ujjwal Chatterjee
Munnabhai Chale Amerika	director	Rajkumar Hirani
Naanayam	director	Shakti S. Rajan
I Am Sylar	director	Allan Arkush
Chung Kuo, Cina	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
Maharathi	director	Shivam Nair
Cheriyachante Kroorakrithyangal	director	John Abraham (director)
Old King Clancy	director	Pamela Fryman
Seven Cities of Gold (film)	director	Robert D. Webb
Coco (film)	director	Gad Elmaleh
Scipio the African	director	Luigi Magni
Best Friends (film)	director	Norman Jewison
1870 (film)	director	Alfredo Giannetti
My Name Is Rocco Papaleo	director	Ettore Scola
The Priest's Wife	director	Dino Risi
It Only Happens to Others	director	Nadine Trintignant
American Scary	director	John E. Hudgens
One Two Ka One	director	Ronaq Ali
420 (Family Guy)	director	Julius Wu
The Bounty Hunter (1954 film)	director	André de Toth
Tres Mujeres en la Hoguera	director	Abel Salazar
Kattathe Kilikkoodu	director	Bharathan
Puppet Master (franchise)	director	David W. Allen
Puppet Master (franchise)	director	David DeCoteau
Puppet Master (franchise)	director	Jeff Burr
Puppet Master (franchise)	director	Charles Band
Puppet Master (franchise)	director	Ted Nicolaou
Nanayam	director	I. V. Sasi
Chuck Versus the Predator	director	Jeremiah S. Chechik
Marde Do Hezar Chehreh	director	Mehran Modiri
Apology (film)	director	Kyle Colavitti
Vidyarthikale Ithile Ithile	director	John Abraham (director)
Moonnam Pakkam	director	Padmarajan
That's the Way of the World (film)	director	Sig Shore
Truth in 24	director	Keith Cossrow
Truth in 24	director	Bennett Viseltear
Dead Is Dead	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Fados	director	Carlos Saura
Zameen Kay Khuda	director	Masood Butt
So Big (1953 film)	director	Robert Wise
Naag aur Nagin	director	Jamshed Naqvi
No Way Out (CSI)	director	Alec Smight
Liza (film)	director	Marco Ferreri
Manslaughter (2005 film)	director	Per Fly
The Matador (2008 film)	director	Nina Gilden Seavey
The Cross (film)	director	Matthew Crouch
Pilot (Lie to Me)	director	Robert Schwentke
Gehenu Lamai	director	Sumitra Peries
Pontiac Moon	director	Peter Medak
Physical Evidence (film)	director	Michael Crichton
Iron Man 2	director	Jon Favreau
Border Patrol (US TV series)	director	Richard Whorf
The Abduction Club	director	Stefan Schwartz
For a Moment, Freedom	director	Arash T. Riahi
Two People (film)	director	Robert Wise
Out Cold (1989 film)	director	Malcolm Mowbray
Thunder Over the Plains	director	André de Toth
Alien Trespass	director	R. W. Goodwin
Romantic Comedy (1983 film)	director	Arthur Hiller
Away We Go	director	Sam Mendes
Watch Your Mouth (TV series)	director	Stan Lathan
Apocalypse III: Tribulation	director	Andre van Heerden
Grace (film)	director	Paul Solet
Time Bomb (1953 film)	director	Ted Tetzlaff
I Wanted Wings	director	Mitchell Leisen
Darfur (film)	director	Uwe Boll
Apollo, Apollo	director	Millicent Shelton
The Unidentified	director	Kevan Tucker
Dream Team (The Office)	director	Paul Feig
The Bubble (30 Rock)	director	Tricia Brock (director)
Ente Sooryaputhrikku	director	Fazil
Suryaa (2008 film)	director	Jaguar Thangam
Nee Pathi Naan Pathi	director	Vasanth
Agraharathil Kazhutai	director	John Abraham (director)
Dirty Weekend (1973 film)	director	Dino Risi
Agyaat	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Baby Not on Board	director	Julius Wu
Rose's Turn (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Warren (director)
Bargaining (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Grossman
Marry Me a Little (Desperate Housewives)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Malaysian Gods	director	Amir Muhammad (director)
Wishology	director	Gary Conrad
Marco Polo (TV film)	director	Kevin Connor (director)
A Slightly Pregnant Man	director	Jacques Demy
Hail the Artist	director	Yves Robert
Bermúdez (telenovela)	director	Andrés Marroquín
That Lady in Ermine	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Fair Game (2010 film)	director	Doug Liman
Kalavaadiya Pozhuthugal	director	Thangar Bachan
Srutilayalu	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
The Fabulous Baron Munchausen	director	Karel Zeman
Sex Pot	director	Giorgio Capitani
Down the Ancient Staircase	director	Mauro Bolognini
The Sunday Woman (film)	director	Luigi Comencini
Lunatics and Lovers	director	Flavio Mogherini
The Prince and Me 3: A Royal Honeymoon	director	Catherine Cyran
Red Ball	director	Matthew Penn
Devil and the Deep	director	Marion Gering
Todo modo	director	Elio Petri
Double Murder (film)	director	Stefano Vanzina
The Incident (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Neapolitan Mystery	director	Sergio Corbucci
Blood Feud (1978 film)	director	Lina Wertmüller
Ashokan (film)	director	Sangeeth Sivan
Traffic Jam (film)	director	Luigi Comencini
The White Dawn	director	Philip Kaufman
Fantasma d'amore	director	Dino Risi
Beyond the Door (1982 film)	director	Liliana Cavani
Balettan	director	V. M. Vinu
Backwards Day	director	Eric Canuel
Haunting the Barn	director	David Frazee
Pilot Season (TV series)	director	Sam Seder
Between Heartbeats	director	David Frazee
Beautiful Darling	director	James Rasin
Ena Exypno Exypno Moutro	director	Andreas Andreakaki
Sin Nombre (2009 film)	director	Cary Fukunaga
30 Seconds (TV series)	director	Shawn Seet
Apa Khabar Orang Kampung	director	Amir Muhammad (director)
Eat, Pray, Queef	director	Trey Parker
Ladies Tailor (1985 film)	director	Vamsy
Guard No. 47	director	Filip Renč
Hineini	director	Irena Fayngold
Chuck Versus the Broken Heart	director	Kevin Bray (director)
Chuck Versus the Dream Job	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
Chuck Versus the First Kill	director	Norman Buckley
Chuck Versus the First Date	director	Jason Ensler
Chuck Versus the Seduction	director	Allan Kroeker
Chuck Versus the Break-Up	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
Chuck Versus the Cougars	director	Patrick Norris
Chuck Versus the Lethal Weapon	director	Allan Kroeker
Chuck Versus the Ex	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
Chuck Versus Tom Sawyer	director	Norman Buckley
Chuck Versus Santa Claus	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
Chuck Versus the Best Friend	director	Peter Lauer
Chuck Versus the Beefcake	director	Patrick Norris
Chuck Versus the Suburbs	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
Gabriela, Cravo e Canela (film)	director	Bruno Barreto
The Silent Service (TV series)	director	Jean Yarbrough
The Story of Piera	director	Marco Ferreri
Kola Kolaya Mundhirika	director	Madhumitha (director)
Daddy Long Legs (1931 film)	director	Alfred Santell
Station (film)	director	Yasuo Furuhata
Locked In (House)	director	Dan Attias
Breaking In	director	Bill Forsyth
Murtaugh (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Elton John: Me, Myself & I	director	James Strong (director)
Ondine (film)	director	Neil Jordan
Apocalypse IV: Judgment	director	Andre van Heerden
Bliss (2007 film)	director	Abdullah Oğuz
Janbaaz	director	Feroz Khan
American-Ukrainian School of Computer Sciences and Technologies	director	Ihor Paliy
Moz & Cat	director	Fazil
Some Like It Hoth	director	Jack Bender
An Invisible Thread	director	Greg Beeman
Solla Solla Inikkum	director	G. Muraliappas
Orzeł (film)	director	Leonard Buczkowski
The Treatment (2006 film)	director	Oren Rudavsky
Mosbius Designs	director	Pamela Fryman
The Last Song (film)	director	Julie Anne Robinson
The General of the Dead Army (film)	director	Luciano Tovoli
Stingray Sam	director	Cory McAbee
Henry IV (film)	director	Marco Bellocchio
The Two Lives of Mattia Pascal	director	Mario Monicelli
Macaroni (film)	director	Ettore Scola
The Beekeeper (film)	director	Theodoros Angelopoulos
Broken Lullaby	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Yerra Mandaram	director	Muthyala Subbaiah
The Black Marble	director	Harold Becker
Nina (film)	director	Heitor Dhalia
The Iron Curtain (film)	director	William A. Wellman
The Man Who Was Sherlock Holmes	director	Karl Hartl
Sons of Ingmar	director	Victor Sjöström
The Lemon Sisters	director	Joyce Chopra
Filles perdues, cheveux gras	director	Claude Duty
Long Da Lishkara	director	Harpal Tiwana
Buck Benny Rides Again	director	Mark Sandrich
Nature contre nature	director	Lucas Belvaux
Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated	director	Victor Cook
Miss Arizona (film)	director	Pál Sándor (director)
Big Deal After 20 Years	director	Amanzio Todini
A Fine Romance (film)	director	Gene Saks
The Meerkats	director	James Honeyborne
Towards Evening	director	Francesca Archibugi
The Miracle (1991 film)	director	Neil Jordan
Pulse 3: Invasion	director	Joel Soisson
O ziliarogatos	director	George Tzavellas
Lekhayude Maranam Oru Flashback	director	K. G. George
The High Command	director	Thorold Dickinson
Ente Upasana	director	Bharathan
En Bommukutty Ammavukku	director	Fazil
Ayya (Kannada film)	director	Om Prakash Rao
Suor Emanuelle	director	Giuseppe Vari
Enid (film)	director	James Hawes
The New Babylon	director	Grigori Kozintsev
The New Babylon	director	Leonid Trauberg
The Children Thief	director	Christian de Chalonge
I Don't Want to Talk About It (film)	director	María Luisa Bemberg
1, 2, 3, Sun	director	Bertrand Blier
A Hundred and One Nights	director	Agnès Varda
Voyage to the Beginning of the World	director	Manoel de Oliveira
Stew-Roids	director	Jerry Langford
Pilot (Sit Down, Shut Up)	director	Dwayne Carey-Hill
Ah kai na 'moun antras	director	Stefanos Fotiadis
And in the End...	director	Rod Holcomb
Games Men Play	director	Lancelot Oduwa Imasuen
Mask of the Avenger	director	Phil Karlson
Yavanika	director	K. G. George
Olavum Theeravum	director	P. N. Menon
Peruvazhiyambalam	director	Padmarajan
Arappatta Kettiya Gramathil	director	Padmarajan
Rathinirvedam	director	Bharathan
Slightly Static	director	William H. Terhune
The Old Homestead	director	William Nigh
Way Up Thar	director	Mack Sennett
Food, Inc.	director	Robert Kenner
The Sword (film)	director	Patrick Tam (film director)
Black Jesus (film)	director	Valerio Zurlini
24 Hours in the Life of a Woman	director	Dominique Delouche
Anna Karenina (1967 film)	director	Aleksandr Zarkhi
The Tree That Remembers	director	Masoud Raouf
Bostock's Cup	director	Marcus Mortimer
Un amore perfetto	director	Valerio Andrei
The Mexican Dream	director	Gustavo Hernández Pérez
The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader	director	Michael Apted
Bandits in Milan	director	Carlo Lizzani
The Last Gangster	director	Edward Ludwig
Drums Across the River	director	Nathan H. Juran
Doctor Glas (film)	director	Mai Zetterling
The Last Challenge (1967 film)	director	Richard Thorpe
The Upthrown Stone	director	Sándor Sára
Yeh Wada Raha	director	Sangeeta
The Confrontation (film)	director	Miklós Jancsó
Come Play with Me (1968 film)	director	Salvatore Samperi
Geetham (film)	director	Sajan (director)
The Protagonists	director	Marcello Fondato
Je t'aime, je t'aime	director	Alain Resnais
Irumbukkottai Murattu Singam	director	Chimbu deven
Transmorphers: Fall of Man	director	Scott Wheeler (director)
Torpedo Bay	director	Charles Frend
Torpedo Bay	director	Bruno Vailati
Notebook on Cities and Clothes	director	Wim Wenders
The Last of Mrs. Cheyney (1929 film)	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
Joanna (film)	director	Mike Sarne
Canadian Pacific (film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
Les Gauloises bleues	director	Michel Cournot
Playing Soldiers	director	Bahrudin Cengic
A Report on the Party and the Guests	director	Jan Němec
Songwriter (film)	director	Alan Rudolph
The Dog in the Manger (film)	director	Pilar Miró
Santo Luzbel	director	Miguel Sabido
E.B.E.	director	William A. Graham (director)
Bionicle: The Legend Reborn	director	Mark Baldo
Devil's Angels	director	Daniel Haller
Kill Me If You Can	director	Kenneth Fink
Capricious Summer	director	Jiří Menzel
Tevye and His Seven Daughters	director	Menahem Golan
Trilogy (film)	director	Frank Perry
Matthew's Days	director	Witold Leszczyński
Walk the Proud Land	director	Jesse Hibbs
Special Agent Oso	director	Jamie Mitchell
The Erlenmeyer Flask	director	R. W. Goodwin
Duane Barry	director	Chris Carter (screenwriter)
Calcutta (1969 film)	director	Louis Malle
Don't Let the Angels Fall	director	George Kaczender
Breaking Point (2009 film)	director	Jeff Celentano
American Kickboxer 2	director	Jeno Hodi
Curiosity (film)	director	Toby Spanton
Spain Again	director	Jaime Camino
The Miracle of the Bells	director	Irving Pichel
End of a Priest	director	Evald Schorm
Flashback (1969 film)	director	Raffaele Andreassi
Soeur Sourire (film)	director	Stijn Coninx
I Saw the Sun	director	Mahsun Kırmızıgül
Monkey Warfare	director	Reginald Harkema
Fishsticks (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Adik Sa'Yo	director	Joel Lamangan
Behind the Green Door: the Sequel	director	Mitchell brothers
Boo to You Too! Winnie the Pooh	director	Rob LaDuca
Rabbit Test (Ugly Betty)	director	Richard Heus
Porkkalam	director	Bandi Saroj Kumar
Sailor Beware! (1956 film)	director	Gordon Parry (film director)
The Langoliers (TV miniseries)	director	Tom Holland (director)
The Great Love (1969 film)	director	Pierre Étaix
La Quintrala (film)	director	Hugo del Carril
Hero Among Heroes	director	Yuen Woo-ping
Hero Among Heroes	director	Chan Chin Chung
Heavy Competition	director	Ken Whittingham
Broke (The Office)	director	Steve Carell
Casual Friday (The Office)	director	Brent Forrester
MP da Last Don (film)	director	Master P
Symmoria eraston	director	Vangelis Serdaris
Simple Explanation	director	Greg Yaitanes
Little Red Riding Hood (1920 film)	director	Svatopluk Innemann
Two Mothers	director	Přemysl Pražský
Gilly poprvé v Praze	director	Karel Lamač
Za svobodu národa	director	Václav Binovec
Tu ten kámen	director	Karl Anton
The Mysterious Beauty	director	Přemysl Pražský
A Double Life (1924 film)	director	Václav Kubásek
Hraběnka z Podskalí	director	Karel Lamač
Karel Havlíček Borovský (film)	director	Karel Lamač
Karel Havlíček Borovský (film)	director	Theodor Pištěk
We Love You, Conrad	director	John Holmquist
The Lovers of an Old Criminal	director	Svatopluk Innemann
Kainovo znamení	director	Oldrich Kmínek
Prague Seamstresses	director	Přemysl Pražský
From the Czech Mills	director	Svatopluk Innemann
From the Czech Mills	director	Ferry Seidl
Kříž u potoka	director	Jan S. Kolár
Workers, Let's Go	director	Martin Frič
Když struny lkají	director	Friedrich Feher
Vénus aveugle	director	Abel Gance
Černé oči, proč pláčete...?	director	Leo Marten
Thotta Chinungi	director	K. S. Adhiyaman
Imperial and Royal Field Marshal	director	Karel Lamač
Poslední muž	director	Martin Frič
Camel Through the Eye of a Needle	director	Hugo Haas
Camel Through the Eye of a Needle	director	Otakar Vávra
The Love-Ins	director	Arthur Dreifuss
Jonah Hex (film)	director	Jimmy Hayward
Machine Gun McCain	director	Giuliano Montaldo
Pasanga	director	Pandiraj
The Man Who Thought Life	director	Jens Ravn
House Calls (2006 film)	director	Ian McLeod (filmmaker)
Metti una sera a cena	director	Giuseppe Patroni Griffi
Minnesota Cuke and the Search for Noah's Umbrella	director	Mike Nawrocki
No Tomorrow (film)	director	Master P
Foolish (film)	director	Dave Meyers (director)
The Last Days of Pompeii (1935 film)	director	Ernest B. Schoedsack
The Last Days of Pompeii (1935 film)	director	Merian C. Cooper
The Boys Are Back (film)	director	Scott Hicks
Dreamland (2009 film)	director	Þorfinnur Guðnason
Dreamland (2009 film)	director	Andri Snær Magnason
Jericho (2001 film)	director	Merlin Miller
Warrior (2011 film)	director	Gavin O'Connor (director)
Sugat ng Kahapon	director	Mac Alejandre
Josh (2009 film)	director	Vasu Varma
Inspiration (1931 film)	director	Clarence Brown
Pathinaaru	director	Sabapathy Dekshinamurthy
Man on Horseback	director	Volker Schlöndorff
Hymn to a Tired Man	director	Masaki Kobayashi
Hunting Flies	director	Andrzej Wajda
Torn from the Flag	director	Endre Hules
Torn from the Flag	director	Klaudia Kovacs
The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie (film)	director	Ronald Neame
Slaves (film)	director	Herbert Biberman
My Nah Nah Nah	director	John Putch
Peter's Progress	director	Brian Iles
Three Kings (Family Guy)	director	Dominic Bianchi
Mascara (CSI)	director	William Friedkin
A Leap in the Dark	director	Marco Bellocchio
In Your Eyes (film)	director	Mac Alejandre
Wafa: A Deadly Love Story	director	Rakesh Sawant
The Variable	director	Paul A. Edwards
Peel (film)	director	Jane Campion
Petersen (film)	director	Tim Burstall
The Plains of Heaven	director	Ian Pringle (director)
Return Home	director	Ray Argall
Sons of Matthew	director	Charles Chauvel (filmmaker)
Thrille Cine	director	Ato Bautista
A Murder of Crows (film)	director	Rowdy Herrington
I Love Trouble (1948 film)	director	S. Sylvan Simon
Their Story II	director	Michael McDonald (comedian)
All My Compatriots	director	Vojtěch Jasný
Entre ses mains	director	Anne Fontaine (filmmaker)
Brighty of the Grand Canyon	director	Norman Foster (director)
All In (CSI)	director	Paris Barclay
Ex Cathedra (film)	director	Liam Andrew Wright
Tooms	director	David Nutter
Crossworlds	director	Krishna Rao (director)
O Stratis parastratise	director	Kostas Karagiannis
...En la Plaza de Toros México	director	Ana Gabriel
We're Funny That Way!	director	David Adkin
The Road Less Traveled (The Twilight Zone)	director	Wes Craven
Hoodlum & Son	director	Ashley Way
Silver Saddle	director	Lucio Fulci
The Land (1969 film)	director	Youssef Chahine
The Alienist (film)	director	Nelson Pereira dos Santos
The Buttercup Chain	director	Robert Ellis Miller
A Very Christmas Story	director	Dariusz Krzysztof Zawislak
Last Leap	director	Édouard Luntz
Don Segundo Sombra (film)	director	Manuel Antín
Elise, or Real Life	director	Michel Drach
Harry Munter	director	Kjell Grede
Clash of the Titans (2010 film)	director	Louis Leterrier
Malatesta (film)	director	Peter Lilienthal
Metello	director	Mauro Bolognini
The Miller and the Sweep	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
The Third Secret (film)	director	Charles Crichton
The Trials of Oz	director	Sheree Folkson
Mike's Murder (film)	director	James Bridges
The Cohens and Kellys	director	Harry A. Pollard
An American Opera	director	Tom McPhee
Pilot (Parks and Recreation)	director	Greg Daniels
Recovered: Journeys Through the Autism Spectrum and Back	director	Doreen Granpeesheh
Fanfan la Tulipe (2003 film)	director	Gérard Krawczyk
Assassin's Creed II	director	Patrice Désilets
A Music Fairy	director	Ahmad Haseeb
Fruit of Paradise	director	Věra Chytilová
The Palace of Angels	director	Walter Hugo Khouri
Comanche Territory	director	George Sherman
Mom, Dad and Her	director	Anne Wheeler
The Dreamer (1970 film)	director	Dan Wolman
Tulips of Haarlem	director	Franco Brusati
A Simple Story (1970 film)	director	Abdellatif Ben Ammar
Long Live the Bride and Groom	director	Luis García Berlanga
The Last Defender of Camelot (The Twilight Zone)	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Big Tuna (film)	director	Shaul Betser
The Territory of Others	director	François Bel
The Territory of Others	director	Jacqueline Fano
The Territory of Others	director	Michel Fano
The Territory of Others	director	Gérard Vienne
Popi	director	Arthur Hiller
The Virgin and the Gypsy (film)	director	Christopher Miles
Séraphine (film)	director	Martin Provost
Sunday in the Park with Jorge	director	James Quinn
A Secret	director	Claude Miller
A Very British Cover-up	director	Ian Smith (film director)
Slaughter Trail	director	Irving Allen
The Land That Time Forgot (2009 film)	director	C. Thomas Howell
Die Pratermizzi	director	Gustav Ucicky
Gold Is Where You Find It	director	Michael Curtiz
Blackout (2007 film)	director	Rigoberto Castañeda
I chartopaichtra	director	Giannis Dalianidis
Istoria mias zois	director	Giannis Dalianidis
Dream Lover (The Twilight Zone)	director	Peter O'Fallon
Night Route	director	Jean de Segonzac
Time Lapse (The Twilight Zone)	director	John T. Kretchmer
Dead Man's Eyes (The Twilight Zone)	director	Jerry Levine
The Pool Guy (The Twilight Zone)	director	Paul Shapiro (director)
Azoth the Avenger Is a Friend of Mine	director	Brad Turner (director)
The Lineman (The Twilight Zone)	director	Jonathan Frakes
Harsh Mistress	director	Brad Turner (director)
To Protect and Serve	director	Joe Chappelle
Chosen (The Twilight Zone)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Sensuous Cindy	director	John T. Kretchmer
Hunted (The Twilight Zone)	director	Patrick Norris
Sanctuary (The Twilight Zone)	director	Patrick Norris
Future Trade	director	Bob Balaban
Found and Lost	director	Vern Gillum
Gabe's Story	director	Allan Kroeker
Last Lap	director	Brad Turner (director)
The Path (The Twilight Zone)	director	Jerry Levine
Fair Warning (The Twilight Zone)	director	John T. Kretchmer
Another Life (The Twilight Zone)	director	Risa Bramon Garcia
Rewind (The Twilight Zone)	director	Kevin Bray (director)
Into the Light (The Twilight Zone)	director	Lou Diamond Phillips
Tagged (The Twilight Zone)	director	James Head
The Monsters Are on Maple Street	director	Debbie Allen
Memphis (The Twilight Zone)	director	Eriq La Salle
The Gazebo	director	George Marshall (director)
Sick Animals	director	Nicolae Breban
Apokal	director	Paul Anczykowski
The Flight (1970 film)	director	Aleksandr Alov
The Flight (1970 film)	director	Vladimir Naumov
La califfa	director	Alberto Bevilacqua
Goya, historia de una soledad	director	Nino Quevedo
Loot (film)	director	Silvio Narizzano
Move (film)	director	Stuart Rosenberg
Those Who Love Me Can Take the Train	director	Patrice Chéreau
The Married Couple of the Year Two	director	Jean-Paul Rappeneau
Mira (film)	director	Fons Rademakers
Pindorama (film)	director	Arnaldo Jabor
Raphael, or The Debauched One	director	Michel Deville
Balladyna (film)	director	Dariusz Krzysztof Zawislak
Pinewood Derby (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
The Placebo Effect	director	Jerry Levine
Cold Fusion (The Twilight Zone)	director	Eli Richbourg
The Collection (The Twilight Zone)	director	John T. Kretchmer
Eye of the Beholder (2003 The Twilight Zone episode)	director	David R. Ellis
Developing (The Twilight Zone)	director	Allison Liddi-Brown
The Executions of Grady Finch	director	John Peter Kousakis
Homecoming (The Twilight Zone)	director	Risa Bramon Garcia
Sunrise (The Twilight Zone)	director	Tim Matheson
Burned (The Twilight Zone)	director	John T. Kretchmer
The World Next Door (The Twilight Zone)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
A Soul to Devils	director	Kō Nakahira
Family Life (1971 Polish film)	director	Krzysztof Zanussi
Great Moments in Aviation	director	Beeban Kidron
The Mine	director	Jeff Chamberlain
The Deadly Trap	director	René Clément
Because They're Young	director	Paul Wendkos
The Surveyors	director	Michel Soutter
Silence (1971 film)	director	Masahiro Shinoda
Dear Louise	director	Philippe de Broca
Star Crossed (The Outer Limits)	director	Helen Shaver
A Fan's Notes (film)	director	Eric Till
King, Queen, Knave (film)	director	Jerzy Skolimowski
Malpertuis (film)	director	Harry Kümel
Voodoo Island	director	Reginald Le Borg
Paper Heart	director	Nicholas Jasenovec
Mr. Big (Get Smart)	director	Howard Morris
Agony (film)	director	Elem Klimov
Catfish in Black Bean Sauce	director	Chi Muoi Lo
Wench Trouble	director	Alex Hardcastle
Golden Powers	director	Alex Hardcastle
Old Czech Legends	director	Jiří Trnka
Dying to Live (film)	director	Ben Mittleman
Nabonga	director	Sam Newfield
Suspect X	director	Hiroshi Nishitani
Taipei Story	director	Edward Yang
The Guitar Mongoloid	director	Ruben Östlund
Bring It On: Fight to the Finish	director	Bille Woodruff
We Won't Grow Old Together	director	Maurice Pialat
Pearl in the Crown	director	Kazimierz Kutz
The Witches Hammer	director	James Eaves
Kerosene Cowboys	director	Mario Van Peebles
Oil Lamps (film)	director	Juraj Herz
The First Day of the Rest of Your Life	director	Rémi Bezançon
Up Syndrome	director	Duane Graves
Lemon Tree (film)	director	Eran Riklis
Super Capers	director	Ray Griggs (director)
El Peñón de las Ánimas	director	Miguel Zacarías
La Mujer sin Alma	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Tully (film)	director	Hilary Birmingham
The Quality of Mercy (film)	director	Andreas Gruber
Diamonds of the Night	director	Jan Němec
Slap Shot 3: The Junior League	director	Richard Martin
There Was a Little Girl	director	Ovidio G. Assonitis
To Find a Man	director	Buzz Kulik
Havoc (1972 film)	director	Peter Fleischmann
10,000 Kids and a Cop	director	Charles Barton
Morning Glory (2010 film)	director	Roger Michell
Love American Style (Dexter)	director	Robert Lieberman
The Convict's Piano (The Twilight Zone)	director	Thomas J. Wright
Ambush (1950 film)	director	Sam Wood
Shadow Dancing (1988 film)	director	Lewis Furey
The Visitors (1972 film)	director	Elia Kazan
The True Nature of Bernadette	director	Gilles Carle
Born to Run (Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles)	director	Jeffrey Hunt
Cafe Disco	director	Randall Einhorn
The Crazies (2010 film)	director	Breck Eisner
Michael Scott Paper Company	director	Gene Stupnitsky
A Little Night Music (film)	director	Harold Prince
Ratra Aarambh	director	Ajay Phansekar
Absolution (film)	director	Anthony Page
Russian Roulette (1975 film)	director	Lou Lombardo
Red Monarch	director	Jack Gold
Talk to Me (2005 film)	director	St. Elsewhere
Looking for an Echo	director	Martin Davidson
The Wyvern Mystery	director	Alex Pillai
Hop-Along Cassidy	director	Howard Bretherton
Waveriders	director	Joel Conroy
Chetniks! The Fighting Guerrillas	director	Louis King
American Pie Presents: The Book of Love	director	John Putch
Company Picnic	director	Ken Kwapis
Hard Drinkin' Lincoln	director	Xeth Feinberg
Santa Baby 2 (film)	director	Ron Underwood
Velai	director	Suresh
Love Live Long	director	Mike Figgis
The Vows	director	Antonio de Macedo
One Hamlet Less	director	Carmelo Bene
Belle (1973 film)	director	André Delvaux
Far West (film)	director	Jacques Brel
Lovers and Lollipops	director	Morris Engel
Lovers and Lollipops	director	Ruth Orkin
The White Ribbon	director	Michael Haneke
Around the World for Free	director	Zsolt Luka
There It Is (film)	director	Harold L. Muller
Pappayude Swantham Appoos	director	Fazil
Outrage (2009 film)	director	Kirby Dick
100 Mile Rule	director	Brent Huff
Mirror Mirror (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Grossman
United Red Army (film)	director	Kōji Wakamatsu
Sukrutham	director	Harikumar
Naughty Marietta (television)	director	Max Liebman
The Girl I Married (The Twilight Zone)	director	Philip DeGuere
The Death of a Lumberjack	director	Gilles Carle
Joy Ride (The Twilight Zone)	director	Gil Bettman
La otra imagen	director	Antoni Ribas
Take a Hard Ride	director	Antonio Margheriti
Monologue (film)	director	Ilya Averbakh
Tigger and Pooh and a Musical Too	director	David Hartman
Petőfi '73	director	Ferenc Kardos
We Want the Colonels	director	Mario Monicelli
Our Bounties Ourselves	director	Alex Hardcastle
Kikansha Sensei	director	Ryūichi Hiroki
Black Beauty (1971 film)	director	James Hill (British director)
Mesrine (2008 film)	director	Jean-François Richet
The Age of the Medici	director	Roberto Rossellini
Fatbeard	director	Trey Parker
Life During Wartime (film)	director	Todd Solondz
Antarnaad	director	Shyam Benegal
The Wizard of Gore (2007 film)	director	Jeremy Kasten
The Water (short film)	director	Kevin Drew
Future Shock (film)	director	Alex Grasshoff
Visions of Eight	director	Miloš Forman
Visions of Eight	director	Claude Lelouch
Visions of Eight	director	Yuri Ozerov (director)
Visions of Eight	director	Mai Zetterling
Visions of Eight	director	Kon Ichikawa
Visions of Eight	director	John Schlesinger
Visions of Eight	director	Arthur Penn
Visions of Eight	director	Michael Pfleghar
Latcho Drom	director	Tony Gatlif
Mangeuses d'Hommes	director	Daniel Colas
I.R.S. Records Presents The Cutting Edge	director	Jonathan Dayton
I.R.S. Records Presents The Cutting Edge	director	Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris
The Born Identity	director	John Terlesky
My Soul on Fire	director	Bill Lawrence (producer)
Follow the Leader (Lost)	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Canvassing (Parks and Recreation)	director	Seth Gordon
My Family and Other Animals (film)	director	Sheree Folkson
The Boy Friend (film)	director	Ken Russell
Strange Invaders (animated short film)	director	Cordell Barker
Hollywood Hong Kong	director	Fruit Chan
Playing Dead (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Michael Smith (director)
Island6	director	Thomas Charvériat
The Savage	director	George Marshall (director)
Coco Before Chanel	director	Anne Fontaine (filmmaker)
Ice Men	director	Thom Best
Creatures the World Forgot	director	Don Chaffey
Fit Lover	director	Zhang Jianya
Fast Food (film)	director	Michael A. Simpson
Wallander – Mastermind	director	Peter Flinth
Mr. Sleeman Is Coming	director	Ingmar Bergman
Whatever Happened to That Guy?	director	Ted Emery
AmerAsian	director	Roger Lim
The Woman of the Port (1934 film)	director	Arcady Boytler
The Aryan Couple (2004 film)	director	John Daly
Colt .45 (film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
The Next Big Thing (film)	director	P.J. Posner
The Venetian (film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
Rabies (film)	director	Ingmar Bergman
A Ruined Life	director	Victor Sjöström
The Gardener (film)	director	Victor Sjöström
Hear No Evil (film)	director	Robert Greenwald
Marriage Bureau	director	Victor Sjöström
Laughter and Tears (1913 film)	director	Victor Sjöström
Ivanhoe (1913 U.S. film)	director	Herbert Brenon
Lady Marion's Summer Flirtation	director	Victor Sjöström
The Voice of Passion	director	Victor Sjöström
The Conflicts of Life	director	Victor Sjöström
The Conflicts of Life	director	Mauritz Stiller
Half Breed (film)	director	Victor Sjöström
The Miracle (1913 film)	director	Victor Sjöström
New Town Killers	director	Richard Jobson (television presenter)
Lock out (film)	director	Antoni Padrós
Summer Scars	director	Julian Richards
Seminole (film)	director	Budd Boetticher
T.R. Baskin	director	Herbert Ross
Alpha and Omega (film)	director	Anthony Bell (director)
Alpha and Omega (film)	director	Ben Gluck
The Lawless Breed	director	Raoul Walsh
El Sopar	director	Pere Portabella
Harbormaster (TV series)	director	Felix E. Feist
Street Dreams (film)	director	Chris Zamoscianyk
Jackie Jormp-Jomp	director	Don Scardino
First Family (film)	director	Buck Henry
The Trunk (The Twilight Zone)	director	Steve DiMarco
Quick Before They Catch Us	director	Derek Martinus
Quick Before They Catch Us	director	Morris Barry
Quick Before They Catch Us	director	Paddy Russell
Quick Before They Catch Us	director	James Cellan Jones
The Crossing (The Twilight Zone)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
The Clergyman	director	Victor Sjöström
Judge Not (film)	director	Victor Sjöström
The Strike (film)	director	Victor Sjöström
A Good Girl Keeps Herself in Good Order	director	Victor Sjöström
Children of the Streets	director	Victor Sjöström
Forever in My Heart	director	Mark A. Reyes
Forever in My Heart	director	Phil Noble
That's Life (1998 TV series)	director	Michael Lembeck
Man of the World (film)	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Daughter of the Peaks	director	Victor Sjöström
War Arrow	director	George Sherman
Hearts That Meet	director	Victor Sjöström
Guilt Redeemed	director	Victor Sjöström
In the Hour of Trial	director	Victor Sjöström
The Price of Betrayal	director	Victor Sjöström
The Golden Horde (film)	director	George Sherman
Ladies Should Listen	director	Frank Tuttle
Gambling Ship	director	Frank Tuttle
Tooth Fairy (film)	director	Michael Lembeck
The Ships That Meet	director	Victor Sjöström
The Sea Vultures	director	Victor Sjöström
City Island (film)	director	Raymond De Felitta
Kiss of Death (1916 film)	director	Victor Sjöström
Plaza Suite (film)	director	Arthur Hiller
Notes Towards an African Orestes	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
Kaanch Ke Rishte	director	Arshad Khan
Enter Madame	director	Elliott Nugent
Therèse	director	Victor Sjöström
Far from the Trees	director	Jacinto Esteva Grew
Lunatics: A Love Story	director	Josh Becker
Pony Express (film)	director	Jerry Hopper
Cross Connection	director	Abhijit Guha
Cross Connection	director	Sudeshna Roy
Harvest Home (film)	director	Craig Whitney
The Wages of Love (Law & Order)	director	Ed Sherin
The Extra Man (film)	director	Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini
The Extra Man (film)	director	Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini
Hurt (2003 film)	director	Steve DiMarco
99 (2009 film)	director	Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K.
99 (2009 film)	director	Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K.
The Curious Case of Edgar Witherspoon (The Twilight Zone)	director	René Bonnière
Nee Sukhame Ne Korukunna	director	Giri Babu
Dream Me a Life (The Twilight Zone)	director	Allan King
Sally in Our Alley	director	Maurice Elvey
Looking on the Bright Side	director	Graham Cutts
Looking on the Bright Side	director	Basil Dean
Look Up and Laugh	director	Basil Dean
Queen of Hearts (1936 film)	director	Monty Banks
The Show Goes On	director	Basil Dean
Ka-Blam	director	Sanford Bookstaver
Molly and Me	director	Lewis Seiler
Tron: Legacy	director	Joseph Kosinski
Never Let Me Go (2010 film)	director	Mark Romanek
Comanche (1956 film)	director	George Sherman
Promise Her Anything	director	Arthur Hiller
Nightwing (film)	director	Arthur Hiller
Green Fields (film)	director	Jacob Ben-Ami
Green Fields (film)	director	Edgar G. Ulmer
The Ones (30 Rock)	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Murderous Maids	director	Jean-Pierre Denis
The Life of General Villa	director	Christy Cabanne
Life of Villa	director	Christy Cabanne
The Mini-Skirt Mob	director	Maury Dexter
Plague Town	director	Ted Corman
His Lordship's Last Will	director	Victor Sjöström
Air Doll	director	Hirokazu Koreeda
Tormented (2009 film)	director	Jon Wright
Christmas Miracle in Caufield, U.S.A.	director	Jud Taylor
If It's Only In Your Head	director	David Grossman (director)
Splendor in the Grass (1981 film)	director	Richard C. Sarafian
Black Bridge	director	Kevin Doherty (filmmaker)
Holy Matrimony (1994 film)	director	Leonard Nimoy
Karin Daughter of Ingmar	director	Victor Sjöström
A Lover in Pawn	director	Victor Sjöström
Linewatch	director	Kevin Bray (director)
The Man from the Alamo	director	Budd Boetticher
Love N' Dancing	director	Robert Iscove
Norse by Norsevest	director	John Laing (Director)
The Reporter (Parks and Recreation)	director	Jeffrey Blitz
It's a Wonderful Afterlife	director	Gurinder Chadha
L'Odissea	director	Franco Rossi
Daughters, Daughters	director	Moshé Mizrahi
The Others (1974 film)	director	Hugo Santiago
The Bear Cage	director	Marian Handwerker
Somewhere Beyond Love	director	Luigi Comencini
The Holy Office (film)	director	Arturo Ripstein
Basanti (film)	director	Hassan Askari
American Herro	director	Kirk Roos
Himiko (film)	director	Masahiro Shinoda
Once Upon a Time in the East	director	André Brassard
The Hunters (The Twilight Zone)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
Milarepa (1974 film)	director	Liliana Cavani
The Nickel Ride	director	Robert Mulligan
The Last Word (1973 film)	director	Binka Zhelyazkova
Memories (The Twilight Zone)	director	Richard Bugajski
Fist of the Warrior	director	Wayne A. Kennedy
The Call (The Twilight Zone)	director	Gilbert M. Shilton
The Road to Fallujah (film)	director	Zodiac Mindwarp and the Love Reaction
20/20 Vision (The Twilight Zone)	director	Jim Purdy
Symptoms (film)	director	José Ramón Larraz
Our Selena Is Dying (The Twilight Zone)	director	Bruce Pittman
Violins at the Ball	director	Michel Drach
The Swinging Cheerleaders	director	Jack Hill
Somewhere over the Rainbow Bridge	director	Michael Hurst
La fille de Monaco	director	Anne Fontaine (filmmaker)
Paper Clip	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
The Gang Gets Racist	director	John Fortenberry
Crusader (TV series)	director	Jus Addiss
Crusader (TV series)	director	Earl Bellamy
Crusader (TV series)	director	Herschel Daugherty
Crusader (TV series)	director	Brian Keith
Crusader (TV series)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Stricken (film)	director	Matthew Sconce
Charlie Wants an Abortion	director	John Fortenberry
Birds Do It, Bees Do It	director	Nicolas Noxon
Birds Do It, Bees Do It	director	Irwin Rosten
Aloïse (film)	director	Liliane de Kermadec
The Amulet of Ogum	director	Nelson Pereira dos Santos
Cher Victor	director	Robin Davis (director)
Pastoral: To Die in the Country	director	Shūji Terayama
A Happy Divorce	director	Henning Carlsen
The Wandering Princess	director	Kinuyo Tanaka
Autumn Has Already Started	director	Mikio Naruse
The Inheritance or Fuckoffguysgoodday	director	Věra Chytilová
The Story of Sin	director	Walerian Borowczyk
In the Stars	director	Paul Holahan
Do You Hear the Dogs Barking?	director	François Reichenbach
The Incredible Journey (film)	director	Fletcher Markle
Everybody Says Don't (season five episode)	director	Bethany Rooney
The Eclipse (2009 film)	director	Conor McPherson
Lost in the Crowd	director	Susi Graf
Fortunes of Captain Blood	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
The Three Days Rule	director	Pamela Fryman
Team Picture	director	Kentucker Audley
Suvarna Sundari	director	Vedantam Raghavaiah
Space Gundam V	director	Kim Cheong-gi
!Oka Tokat	director	Ricky Davao
The Terrorizers (film)	director	Edward Yang
Lotte in Weimar (film)	director	Egon Günther
Mariken van Nieumeghen	director	Jos Stelling
The Last Eve	director	Young Man Kang
Soap Girl	director	Young Man Kang
Queens Supreme	director	Keith Samples
Queens Supreme	director	Jace Alexander
Queens Supreme	director	Adam Bernstein
Queens Supreme	director	Bill D'Elia
Queens Supreme	director	Michael Fields (director)
Queens Supreme	director	Stuart Gillard
Queens Supreme	director	Jefery Levy
Queens Supreme	director	John Patterson (director)
Queens Supreme	director	Matthew Penn
Queens Supreme	director	David Platt (director)
Queens Supreme	director	Tim Robbins
Queens Supreme	director	Paul Shapiro (director)
Queens Supreme	director	Rick Wallace
A Woman's Face (1938 film)	director	Gustaf Molander
The George Raft Story (film)	director	Joseph M. Newman
Stranger in Possum Meadows	director	Sturla Gunnarsson
Street of Shadows (The Twilight Zone)	director	Richard Bugajski
Leonie (film)	director	Hisako Matsui
Shaadi (film)	director	R. Krishnan (Vasudevanallur MLA)
Shaadi (film)	director	S. Panju
92 in the Shade (film)	director	Thomas McGuane
Madrasta	director	Olivia Lamasan
House Divided	director	Greg Yaitanes
They Fought for Their Country	director	Sergei Bondarchuk
The Slugger's Wife	director	Hal Ashby
Opie Gets Laid	director	James Ricardo
Picture Perfect (1995 film)	director	Joseph L. Scanlan
Gulabo	director	Sangeeta
A Game of Pool (1989)	director	Randy Bradshaw
Ali Baba (film)	director	Neelan.K.Sekar
Oute gata oute zimia	director	Alekos Sakellarios
The Stripper (film)	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
Comeback (TV series)	director	Petr Fišer
Comeback (TV series)	director	Jaroslav Fuit
Comeback (TV series)	director	Jiří Diarmaid Novák
Comeback (TV series)	director	Zdeněk Dušek
Gallant Defender	director	David Selman
The Mysterious Avenger	director	David Selman
Kaadhalikka Neramillai	director	C. V. Sridhar
Pippi Goes on Board	director	Olle Hellbom
41 (film)	director	Christian de Rezendes
41 (film)	director	Christian O'Neill
Critical Care (film)	director	Sidney Lumet
The Morgue	director	Halder Gomes
The Morgue	director	Gerson Sanginitto
Kamen Rider Decade: All Riders vs. Dai-Shocker	director	Osamu Kaneda
St Trinian's 2: The Legend of Fritton's Gold	director	Oliver Parker
Pippi in the South Seas	director	Olle Hellbom
Pippi on the Run	director	Olle Hellbom
Pippi Longstocking (1969 film)	director	Olle Hellbom
Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps	director	Oliver Stone
Marinara (TV series)	director	Eric Quizon
Marinara (TV series)	director	Soxie Topacio
The Blackout (1997 film)	director	Abel Ferrara
Samson and Delilah (2009 film)	director	Warwick Thornton
Thanedaar	director	Raj N. Sippy
Camilla (film)	director	Deepa Mehta
The Misadventure of a French Gentleman Without Pants at the Zandvoort Beach	director	Willy Mullens
Een Jongmensch...	director	Willy Mullens
Ontrouw	director	Louis Chrispijn Jr.
De bannelingen	director	Léon Boedels
De bannelingen	director	Caroline van Dommelen
Roze Kate	director	Oscar Tourniaire
Vrouwenoogen	director	Caroline van Dommelen
The Living Ladder	director	Maurits Binger
The Living Ladder	director	Louis H. Chrispijn
De afwezige	director	Albert Capellani
Nederland en Oranje	director	Louis H. Chrispijn
Don Juan (1913 film)	director	Léon Boedels
Krates	director	Louis H. Chrispijn
Silvia Silombra	director	Louis H. Chrispijn
Heilig recht	director	Louis H. Chrispijn
Liefde waakt	director	Louis H. Chrispijn
De bloemen, die de ziel vertroosten	director	Louis H. Chrispijn
Zijn viool	director	Maurits Binger
Zijn viool	director	Louis H. Chrispijn
Weergevonden	director	Louis H. Chrispijn
De zigeunerin	director	Louis H. Chrispijn
Toffe jongens onder de mobilisatie	director	Jan van Dommelen
Luchtkastelen	director	Louis H. Chrispijn
Het geheim van het slot arco	director	Maurits Binger
Het geheim van het slot arco	director	Jan van Dommelen
Fatum (film)	director	Theo Frenkel
The Fatal Woman	director	Maurits Binger
The Fatal Woman	director	Louis H. Chrispijn
De vrouw Clasina	director	Maurits Binger
Ontmaskerd	director	Mime Misu
Liefdesstrijd	director	Maurits Binger
Koningin Elisabeth's dochter	director	Johan Gildemeijer
Majoor Frans	director	Maurits Binger
The Wreck in the North Sea	director	Theo Frenkel
Sparrows (1916 film)	director	Maurits Binger
Een danstragedie	director	Johan Gildemeijer
Diamant (film)	director	Johan Gildemeijer
Genie tegen geweld	director	Theo Frenkel
The Secret of Delft	director	Maurits Binger
Life's Shadows	director	Theo Frenkel
Liefdesoffer	director	Maurits Binger
La renzoni	director	Maurits Binger
Gouden ketenen	director	Maurits Binger
Gloria transita	director	Johan Gildemeijer
Madame Pinkette & Co	director	Maurits Binger
Ulbo Garvema	director	Maurits Binger
Op Hoop van Zegen (1918 film)	director	Maurits Binger
Toen 't licht verdween	director	Maurits Binger
De kroon der schande	director	Maurits Binger
American Girls (film)	director	Maurits Binger
American Girls (film)	director	Louis Davids
Het geheim van Delft	director	Maurits Binger
Het proces Begeer	director	Theo Frenkel
De duivel	director	Theo Frenkel
Pro domo	director	Theo Frenkel
Oorlog en vrede	director	Maurits Binger
Ray of Sunshine	director	Theo Frenkel
Zonnetje	director	Maurits Binger
Zonnetje	director	B. E. Doxat-Pratt
A Carmen of the North	director	Maurits Binger
A Carmen of the North	director	Hans Nesna
De damescoupeur	director	Maurits Binger
Op stap door Amsterdam	director	Theo Frenkel
Helleveeg	director	Theo Frenkel
Het goudvischje	director	Maurits Binger
The Devil in Amsterdam	director	Theo Frenkel
Bijna een dubbele moord in Lutjebroek	director	Harry Waghalter
John Heriot's Wife	director	Maurits Binger
John Heriot's Wife	director	B. E. Doxat-Pratt
As God Made Her	director	Maurits Binger
As God Made Her	director	B. E. Doxat-Pratt
Fate's Plaything	director	Maurits Binger
Fate's Plaything	director	B. E. Doxat-Pratt
Schakels	director	Maurits Binger
Voorbeschikten	director	Tonny Stevens
Hidden Lives	director	Maurits Binger
Hidden Lives	director	B. E. Doxat-Pratt
Aan boord van de 'Sabina'	director	Theo Frenkel
Geeft ons kracht	director	Theo Frenkel
The Black Tulip (1921 film)	director	Maurits Binger
The Black Tulip (1921 film)	director	Frank Richardson (director)
The Skin Game (1921 film)	director	B. E. Doxat-Pratt
The Little Hour of Peter Wells	director	Maurits Binger
The Little Hour of Peter Wells	director	B. E. Doxat-Pratt
Laughter and Tears (1921 film)	director	B. E. Doxat-Pratt
Blood Money (1921 film)	director	Fred Goodwins
Menschenwee	director	Theo Frenkel
Rechten der jeugd	director	Maurits Binger
The Other Person	director	Maurits Binger
The Other Person	director	B. E. Doxat-Pratt
Zuster Brown	director	Maurits Binger
Zuster Brown	director	B. E. Doxat-Pratt
Sheer Bluff	director	Frank Richardson (director)
Mottige Janus	director	Maurits Binger
The Bluejackets	director	Maurits Binger
The Bluejackets	director	B. E. Doxat-Pratt
Was She Guilty?	director	George Beranger
De bruut	director	Theo Frenkel
In the Night (film)	director	Frank Richardson (director)
Gloria Fatalis	director	Johan Gildemeijer
De leugen van Pierrot	director	Maurits Binger
De man op den achtergrond	director	Ernst Winar
The Hypocrites	director	Charles Giblyn
Judith (1923 film)	director	Theo Frenkel
Bleeke Bet (1923 film)	director	Alex Benno
Kee en Janus naar Berlijn	director	Alex Benno
The Lion's Mouse	director	Oscar Apfel
Frauenmoral	director	Theo Frenkel
Mooi Juultje van Volendam	director	Alex Benno
Kee en Janus naar Parijs	director	Alex Benno
Bet, Queen of Jordan	director	Adrienne Solser
Cirque hollandais	director	Theo Frenkel
Op Hoop van Zegen (1924 film)	director	James Bauer
Op Hoop van Zegen (1924 film)	director	Henk Kleinmann
Oranje Hein (1925 film)	director	Alex Benno
Behind the Clouds the Sun Is Shining	director	Willy Mullens
De cabaret-prinses	director	Theo Frenkel
Moderne landhaaien	director	Alex Benno
Artistenrevue	director	Alex Benno
Bet naar de Olympiade	director	Theo Frenkel
Zeemansvrouwen	director	Henk Kleinmann
Terra Nova (film)	director	Gerard Rutten
De Sensatie van de Toekomst	director	Dimitri Buchowetzki
De Sensatie van de Toekomst	director	Jack Salvatori
Willem van Oranje (film)	director	Jan Teunissen
The Tars	director	Jaap Speyer
De Vier Mullers	director	Rudolf Meinert
Dood Water	director	Gerard Rutten
Het Meisje met den Blauwen Hoed	director	Rudolf Meinert
Op Hoop van Zegen (1934 film)	director	Alex Benno
Bleeke Bet (1934 film)	director	Alex Benno
Bleeke Bet (1934 film)	director	Richard Oswald
Op Stap	director	Ernst Winar
T' was een April	director	Douglas Sirk
T' was een April	director	Jacques van Tol
Malle Gevallen	director	Jaap Speyer
Het Mysterie van de Mondscheinsonate	director	Kurt Gerron
De Familie van mijn Vrouw	director	Jaap Speyer
Fietje Peters, Poste Restante	director	Victor Janson
Suikerfreule	director	Haro van Peski
The Cross-Patch	director	Henry Koster
The Cross-Patch	director	Ernst Winar
Klokslag Twaalf	director	Léo Joannon
Merijntje Gijzens Jeugd	director	Kurt Gerron
Young Hearts (film)	director	Charles Huguenot van der Linden
Young Hearts (film)	director	Heinz Josephson
The Trouble With Money	director	Max Ophüls
Kermisgasten	director	Jaap Speyer
Een Zomerzotheid (1936)	director	Hans van Meerten
Oranje Hein (1936 film)	director	Max Nosseck
Lentelied	director	Simon Koster
Pygmalion (1937 film)	director	Ludwig Berger (director)
Op een Avond in Mei	director	Jaap Speyer
The Three Wishes	director	Kurt Gerron
De Man Zonder Hart	director	Léo Joannon
Forty Years	director	Johan De Meester
Forty Years	director	Edmond T. Gréville
Daddy Long Legs (1938 film)	director	Frederic Zelnik
Wilton's Zoo	director	Douglas Sirk
Tomorrow It Will Be Better	director	Frederic Zelnik
De Spooktrein	director	Karel Lamač
De Big van het Regiment	director	Max Nosseck
Rembrandt (1940 film)	director	Gerard Rutten
Notre Dame van de sloppen	director	Robert Péguy
Ergens in Nederland	director	Ludwig Berger (director)
Zeven jongens en een oude schuit	director	G. Gerritsen
Richard knapt het op	director	Henk van der Linden
De Laatste Dagen van een Eiland	director	Ernst Winar
Inbraak (film)	director	Alfred Mazure
Moord in het Modehuis	director	Alfred Mazure
Dik Trom en zijn dorpsgenoten	director	Ernst Winar
Niet Tevergeefs	director	Edmond T. Gréville
A Kingdom For a Horse	director	Jaap Speyer
De Dijk is Dicht	director	Anton Koolhaas
Vijftig jaren	director	Ernst Winar
Myrte of the Demons	director	Paul Bruno Schreiber
De Toverspiegel	director	Willy van Hemert
Kees, de zoon van de Stroper	director	Ernst Winar
Houen zo!	director	Herman van der Horst
Kampeeravonturen	director	Henk van der Linden
Rechter Thomas	director	Walter Smith
Ciske de rat	director	Wolfgang Staudte
Het Wonderlijke leven van Willem Parel	director	Gerard Rutten
Sterren Stralen Overal	director	Gerard Rutten
Vier Jongens en een Jeep	director	Ernst Winar
Sjors van de Rebellenclub	director	Henk van der Linden
Kleren Maken de Man	director	Georg Jacoby
Trouwe Kameraden	director	Henk van der Linden
The Flying Dutchman (1957 film)	director	Gerard Rutten
Jenny (1958 film)	director	Willy van Hemert
Het Geheim van de Oude Molen	director	Henk van der Linden
Moutarde van Sonansee	director	Toon Hermans
Faja Lobbi	director	Herman van der Horst
Avonturen van een Zigeunerjongen	director	Henk van der Linden
De Nieuwe Avonturen van Dik Trom	director	Henk van der Linden
De Overval	director	Paul Rotha
Rififi in Amsterdam	director	Giovanni Korporaal
De Dans van de Reiger	director	Fons Rademakers
Antenna (film)	director	Adriaan Ditvoorst
Blue Movie (1971 film)	director	Wim Verstappen
The Burglar (1972 film)	director	Frans Weisz
Allemaal naar Bed	director	Dick Visser
Mijn nachten met Susan, Olga, Julie, Piet en Sandra	director	Pim de la Parra
Rooie Sien	director	Frans Weisz
Het Jaar van de Kreeft	director	Herbert Curiel
Dokter Pulder zaait papavers	director	Bert Haanstra
De komst van Joachim Stiller (film)	director	Harry Kümel
Alle dagen feest	director	Ate de Jong
Alle dagen feest	director	Otto Jongerius
Blindgangers	director	Ate de Jong
Bloedverwanten	director	Wim Lindner
Max Havelaar (film)	director	Fons Rademakers
Rembrandt fecit 1669	director	Jos Stelling
Pinkeltje (film)	director	Harrie Geelen
Dokter Vlimmen	director	Guido Pieters
Dag Dokter!	director	Ate de Jong
De Mantel der Liefde	director	Adriaan Ditvoorst
Camping (1978 film)	director	Thijs Chanowski
Cha Cha (film)	director	Herbert Curiel
Grijpstra & De Gier	director	Wim Verstappen
De Verwording van Herman Dürer	director	Leon de Winter
Laat de Dokter maar Schuiven	director	Nikolai van der Heyde
Gekkenbriefje	director	Olga Madsen
Charlotte (film)	director	Frans Weisz
Allemaal tuig!	director	Ben Sombogaart
Menuet (film)	director	Lili Rademakers
Brandende liefde (film)	director	Ate de Jong
An Bloem	director	Peter Oosthoek
The Illusionist (1983 film)	director	Jos Stelling
De Witte Waan	director	Adriaan Ditvoorst
The Dragon That Wasn't (Or Was He?)	director	Harrie Geelen
The Dragon That Wasn't (Or Was He?)	director	Bjørn Frank Jensen
The Dragon That Wasn't (Or Was He?)	director	Bert Kroon
De grens	director	Leon de Winter
Overvallers in de Dierentuin	director	Christ Stuur
De IJssalon	director	Dimitri Frenkel Frank
De Wisselwachter	director	Jos Stelling
Abel (film)	director	Alex van Warmerdam
Als in een Roes	director	Pim de la Parra
Blonde Dolly (film)	director	Gerrit van Elst
Havinck	director	Frans Weisz
Honneponnetje	director	Ruud van Hemert
Spoorloos (film)	director	George Sluizer
De Avonden (film)	director	Rudolf van den Berg
Dagboek van een Oude Dwaas	director	Lili Rademakers
De Kassière	director	Ben Verbong
Wilde Harten	director	Jindra Markus
Leedvermaak (film)	director	Frans Weisz
Alissa in Concert	director	Erik van Zuylen
Crocodiles in Amsterdam	director	Annette Apon
Squatter's Delight	director	Mijke de Jong
De Gulle Minnaar	director	Mady Saks
Han de Wit	director	Joost Ranzijn
My Blue Heaven (1990 Dutch film)	director	Ronald Beer
Romeo (1990 film)	director	Rita Horst
Vigor (film)	director	Frouke Fokkema
Een Vreemde Liefde	director	Edwin de Vries
To Play or To Die	director	Frank Krom
Het Phoenix Mysterie	director	Leonard Retel Helmrich
The Province (film)	director	Jan Bosdriesz
Intensive Care (film)	director	Dorna van Rouveroy
Eline Vere (film)	director	Harry Kümel
The Night of the Wild Donkeys	director	Pim de la Parra
Een Dubbeltje te Weinig	director	André van Duren
The Indecent Woman	director	Ben Verbong
Revelations of an Insomniac	director	Pim de la Parra
Oh Boy! (film)	director	Orlow Seunke
Labyrinth of Lust	director	Pim de la Parra
Elias (film)	director	Klaas Rusticus
The Johnsons	director	Rudolf van den Berg
Heading for England	director	André van Duren
Ik ga Naar Tahiti	director	Gerrard Verhage
Above the Mountains	director	Digna Sinke
The Sunday Child	director	Pieter Verhoeff
Ivanhood	director	Paul Ruven
Traces of Smoke	director	Frans van de Staak
De Bunker (film)	director	Gerard Soeteman
The Pocket-knife	director	Ben Sombogaart
The Three Best Things in Life	director	Ger Poppelaars
Angie (1993 film)	director	Martin Lagestee
Love Hurts (1993 film)	director	Mijke de Jong
Het is een schone dag geweest	director	Jos de Putter
The Betrayed (1993 film)	director	Frans Weisz
Unknown Time	director	Marianne Dikker
Belle van Zuylen – Madame de Charrière	director	Digna Sinke
False Light	director	Theo van Gogh (film director)
The Little Blonde Death	director	Jean Van de Velde
Seventh Heaven (1993 film)	director	Jean-Paul Lilienfeld
The Mozart Bird	director	Aryan Kaganof
It Will Never Be Spring	director	Frouke Fokkema
De Flat	director	Ben Verbong
The Butterfly Lifts the Cat Up	director	Willeke van Ammelrooy
Old Tongues	director	Gerardjan Rijnders
1-900 (film)	director	Theo van Gogh (film director)
Rock n Roll Junkie	director	Jan Eilander
The Other End of the Tunnel	director	Bob Entrop
1000 Roses	director	Theu Boermans
De nietsnut	director	Ab van Ieperen
Aletta Jacobs: Het Hoogste Streven	director	Nouchka van Brakel
The Purse Snatcher	director	Maria Peters
Once Beaten, Twice Shy	director	Gerrard Verhage
Long Live the Queen (film)	director	Esmé Lammers
The Flying Dutchman (film)	director	Jos Stelling
Little Sister (1995 film)	director	Robert Jan Westdijk
The Dress (1996 film)	director	Alex van Warmerdam
Goodbye (1995 film)	director	Heddy Honigmann
The Shadow Walkers	director	Peter Dop
Last Call (1995 film)	director	Frans Weisz
Walhalla (film)	director	Eddy Terstall
Flodder 3	director	Dick Maas
Brylcream Boulevard	director	Robbe De Hert
Filmpje!	director	Paul Ruven
Laagland (film)	director	Yolanda Entius
Charlotte Sophie Bentinck (film)	director	Ben Verbong
Punk Lawyer	director	Gerrit van Elst
Tropic of Emerald	director	Orlow Seunke
De Zeemeerman	director	Frank Herrebout
Wasted!	director	Aryan Kaganof
Marrakech (film)	director	Michiel van Jaarsveld
Another Mother	director	Paula van der Oest
The Boy Who Stopped Talking	director	Ben Sombogaart
O Amor Natural	director	Heddy Honigmann
The Right to Know (film)	director	Stephan Brenninkmeijer
De Langste Reis	director	Pieter Verhoeff
All Stars (film)	director	Jean Van de Velde
Broos (film)	director	Mijke de Jong
The Cherry Pick	director	Arno Kranenborg
Mijn Franse tante Gazeuse	director	Joram Lürsen
Mijn Franse tante Gazeuse	director	Ben Sombogaart
Lovely Liza	director	Maria Peters
The Stowaway	director	Ben van Lieshout
Freemarket (film)	director	Hans Hylkema
Tate's Voyage	director	Paula van der Oest
Felice...Felice...	director	Peter Delpeut
Siberia (film)	director	Robert Jan Westdijk
Het 14e kippetje	director	Hany Abu-Assad
Licht (film)	director	Jeroen Van den Broeck
De Pijnbank	director	Theo van Gogh (film director)
FL 19,99	director	Mart Dominicus
Dandelion Game	director	Peter van Wijk
Ivoren Wachters (film)	director	Dana Nechushtan
Little Tony (film)	director	Alex van Warmerdam
Total Loss	director	Dana Nechushtan
De Boekverfilming	director	Eddy Terstall
The Flying Liftboy	director	Ben Sombogaart
Man, Vrouw, Hondje	director	Nicole van Kilsdonk
Mates (film)	director	Pieter Verhoeff
Cowboy from Iran	director	Ilse Somers
De Trein van zes uur tien	director	Frank Ketelaar
No Trains No Planes	director	Jos Stelling
Jesus is a Palestinian	director	Lodewijk Crijns
Baantjer, de film: De Cock en de wraak zonder einde	director	Alain De Levita
Nachtvlinder	director	Herman van Veen
Lef	director	Ron Termaat
De rode zwaan	director	Martin Lagestee
Under the Palms	director	Miriam Kruishoop
Mariken	director	André van Duren
Ochtendzwemmers	director	Nicole van Kilsdonk
De Stilte van het Naderen	director	Stephan Brenninkmeijer
The Black Meteor	director	Guido Pieters
Alpha Scorpio	director	Jamaal Wilkes
Alpha Scorpio	director	Ric Birch
Do Not Shoot at White Swans	director	Rodion Nahapetov
Broken Path	director	Koichi Sakamoto
Room 2426	director	Richard Bugajski
Something in the Walls	director	Allan Kroeker
The Wind Journeys	director	Ciro Guerra
The Days (2008 film)	director	Boi Kwong
Kalandorok	director	Béla Paczolay
Inherit the Wind (1960 film)	director	Stanley Kramer
My Cuz	director	Linda Mendoza
Watch Horror Films, Keep America Strong!	director	Tom Wyrsch
Mohawk (film)	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
Urban Explorers (film)	director	Melody Gilbert
Feet of Clay (short film)	director	Carrie Preston
The Prodigal Trilogy	director	Tad Munnings
Blood and Ice Cream Trilogy	director	Edgar Wright
Machine-Gun Kelly (film)	director	Roger Corman
The Swinging Barmaids	director	Gus Trikonis
Non ci resta che piangere	director	Roberto Benigni
Non ci resta che piangere	director	Massimo Troisi
The Family Friend	director	Paolo Sorrentino
Curveball (Ugly Betty)	director	Victor Nelli, Jr.
The Place of the Dead	director	Suri Krishnamma
Vive le Tour	director	Louis Malle
Dim Sum: A Little Bit of Heart	director	Wayne Wang
Enas delikanis	director	Manolis Skouloudis
The Mysterious Lady	director	Fred Niblo
The Natural Order	director	Scott Ellis
Halik Sa Apoy	director	Jay Altarejos
Río Escondido (1948 film)	director	Emilio Fernández
Fermat's Room	director	Luis Piedrahita
Fermat's Room	director	Rodrigo Sopeña
Siesta (film)	director	Mary Lambert
The Scarlet Letter (1911 film)	director	Joseph W. Smiley
The Scarlet Letter (1911 film)	director	George Loane Tucker
The Lie (1912 film)	director	King Baggot
The Lie (1912 film)	director	William Robert Daly
Demonwarp	director	Emmett Alston
Daniel – Der Zauberer	director	Ulli Lommel
Rainbow (1944 film)	director	Mark Donskoy
Electra, My Love	director	Miklós Jancsó
Yuppi du	director	Adriano Celentano
Yuppi du	director	Miky Del Prete
Killing Your Number	director	Kevin Hooks
Nobody's Perfect (TV series)	director	Norman Abbott
The Fall Issue	director	Tom Verica
On the Count of Zero (2007 film)	director	Gokhan Yorgancigil
Vincere	director	Marco Bellocchio
Maximum Wage (film)	director	Andrew Bancroft
The Severed Arm	director	Thomas S. Alderman
Unity (documentary)	director	Shaun Monson
The Yellow Handkerchief	director	Yoji Yamada
Under My Skin (House)	director	David Straiton
Both Sides Now (House)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Rachel (film)	director	Simone Bitton
Right Place, Right Time	director	Pamela Fryman
Abilene Christian University	director	Jared Mosley
Babatu	director	Jean Rouch
Work Is a Four-Letter Word	director	Peter Hall (director)
The Incident (1978 film)	director	Yoshitaro Nomura
Another Way (film)	director	Károly Makk
Another Way (film)	director	János Xantus
Ek Vivaah... Aisa Bhi	director	Kaushik Ghatak
Cat and Mouse (The Twilight Zone)	director	Eric Till
Daughter of the Nile	director	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
Love Is Blind (The Twilight Zone)	director	Gilbert M. Shilton
Boys' Club (Parks and Recreation)	director	Michael McCullers
Home (2009 film)	director	Yann Arthus-Bertrand
Special Service	director	Randy Bradshaw
The Mandrake Root	director	Malachi Bogdanov
Mrs. Dery Where Are You?	director	Gyula Maár
Rann (film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Listen to the Voices of the Sea	director	Hideo Sekigawa
Futari no hitomi	director	Shigeo Nakaki
Ringo-en no shōjo	director	Koji Shima
My Finale	director	Bill Lawrence (producer)
Piper Maru	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
London Boulevard	director	William Monahan
May Bukas Pa (1999 TV series)	director	Etheria
Above and Beyoncé – Video Collection & Dance Mixes	director	Jake Nava
Above and Beyoncé – Video Collection & Dance Mixes	director	Beyoncé Knowles
Above and Beyoncé – Video Collection & Dance Mixes	director	Sophie Muller
Above and Beyoncé – Video Collection & Dance Mixes	director	Melina Matsoukas
The Skeptic (film)	director	Tennyson Bardwell
Bhaskar Bharti	director	Manoj Kotian
Ladies Special	director	Qaeed Kuwajerwala
The Man on the Eiffel Tower	director	Burgess Meredith
The Man on the Eiffel Tower	director	Irving Allen
The Man on the Eiffel Tower	director	Charles Laughton
Rooftops (film)	director	Robert Wise
Ojōsan shachō	director	Yuzo Kawashima
Ojōsan shachō	director	Kō Nakahira
Ojōsan shachō	director	Chiyoo Umeda
Dead Ahead: The Exxon Valdez Disaster	director	Paul Seed
Izu no odoriko (1954 film)	director	Yoshitaro Nomura
Shichihenge tanuki goten	director	Tatsuo Ohsone
Nude Actress Murder Case: Five Criminals	director	Teruo Ishii
Natalee Holloway (film)	director	Mikael Salomon
Iligos	director	Giannis Dalianidis
The Terminator Decoupling	director	Mark Cendrowski
Ganyan Kita Kamahal	director	Jay Altarejos
Takekurabe (1955 film)	director	Heinosuke Gosho
The Blind Side (film)	director	John Lee Hancock
Mitrudu	director	Mahadev
Kurukshetra (2008 film)	director	Major Ravi
The Inheritance (1976 film)	director	Mauro Bolognini
Pascual Duarte	director	Ricardo Franco
La Soga	director	Joshua Crook
Shadow of Angels	director	Daniel Schmid
Forged (film)	director	William Wedig
Sweet Revenge (1976 film)	director	Jerry Schatzberg
So Young, So Bright	director	Toshio Sugie
So Young, So Bright	director	Jun Fukuda
Universal Signs (film)	director	Ann Calamia
The Helicopter Spies	director	Boris Sagal
The Banquet (Parks and Recreation)	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Akireta musume-tachi	director	Torajiro Saito
In the Beginning (2009 film)	director	Xavier Giannoli
And the Beat Goes On (film)	director	Steve Jaggi
Fish Tank (film)	director	Andrea Arnold
Kinatay	director	Brillante Mendoza
Wild Grass	director	Alain Resnais
Map of the Sounds of Tokyo	director	Isabel Coixet
A Prophet	director	Jacques Audiard
Enter the Void	director	Gaspar Noé
Cowboys & Indians (Prison Break)	director	Milan Cheylov
Violent Playground	director	Basil Dearden
Bawke	director	Hisham Zaman
Vinterland	director	Hisham Zaman
My Chief Concern	director	Zach Braff
Akō Rōshi	director	Sadatsugu Matsuda
Koi sugata kitsune goten	director	Nobuo Nakagawa
Malibu Spring Break	director	Kevin Lewis
Not Forgotten (film)	director	Dror Soref
Haunted School 3	director	Shusuke Kaneko
Haunted School 3	director	Mine Sadatoshi
A Child in the Crowd	director	Gérard Blain
Private Vices, Public Pleasures	director	Miklós Jancsó
The Badger Palace	director	Kozo Saeki
Haunted (UK TV series)	director	Michael Apted
Weddings and Babies	director	Morris Engel
Bang! (1977 film)	director	Jan Troell
Budapest Tales	director	István Szabó
IFight Shelby Marx	director	Steve Hoefer
Group Portrait with Lady (film)	director	Aleksandar Petrović (film director)
J.A. Martin Photographer	director	Jean Beaudin
Backbone (film)	director	Vlatko Gilić
Mumbai Calling	director	Allan McKeown
Solemn Communion	director	René Féret
The Lorry	director	Marguerite Duras
Ganesha Subramanya	director	Phani Ramachandra
The Hunters (1977 film)	director	Theodoros Angelopoulos
We Sold Our Souls for Rock 'n Roll	director	Penelope Spheeris
Muthal Vasantham	director	Manivannan
The Borrowers (TV miniseries)	director	John Henderson (director)
Love in Nepal	director	Rajat Mukherjee
Out: Stories of Lesbian and Gay Youth	director	David Adkin
Fearless Tiger	director	Ron Hulme
Apogee of Fear	director	Richard Garriott
Bama Vijayam	director	K. Balachander
Unakkaga Ellam Unakkaga	director	Sundar C.
SOS Pacific	director	Guy Green (filmmaker)
City Beneath the Sea (film)	director	Budd Boetticher
The Proud Ones	director	Robert D. Webb
Wounded Game	director	Nikolai Gubenko
The Amazing Quest of Ernest Bliss	director	Alfred Zeisler
South Sea Woman	director	Arthur Lubin
La journée de la jupe	director	Jean-Paul Lilienfeld
Just Like the Son	director	Morgan J. Freeman
I Haravgi tis Nikis	director	Dimis Dadiras
Killer Pickton (film)	director	Ulli Lommel
The Revenant	director	Kerry Prior
Tyagayya (1981 film)	director	Bapu (artist)
Next Door (1994 film)	director	Tony Bill
Alaska Seas	director	Jerry Hopper
China Corsair	director	Ray Nazarro
Pushed to the Limit	director	Michael Mileham
As Fast as She Can	director	Pamela Fryman
The Devil's Tomb	director	Jason Connery
A War Story	director	Anne Wheeler
Eyes Wide Open (film)	director	Haim Tabakman
Bravo maestro	director	Rajko Grlić
The Left-Handed Woman	director	Peter Handke
Arcadia Lost	director	Phedon Papamichael
Nobody Wanted to Die	director	Vytautas Žalakevičius
Oshidori kenkagasa	director	Ryo Hagiwara
Last Call (1991 film)	director	Jag Mundhra
Double Rush	director	Michael Lembeck
The Hole (1957 film)	director	Kon Ichikawa
Cold Sweat (1993 film)	director	Gail Harvey
A Mother's Heart	director	Mark Donskoy
Transformers (film series)	director	Michael Bay
Prayanam (2009 film)	director	Chandra Sekhar Yeleti
Kobe Doin' Work	director	Spike Lee
Apache Territory	director	Ray Nazarro
Kick (2009 film)	director	Surender Reddy
King of the Khyber Rifles (film)	director	Henry King (director)
Ambush Bay	director	Ron Winston
Louisa (film)	director	Alexander Hall
No One Knows About Persian Cats	director	Bahman Ghobadi
The Leap (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Adrift (2009 film)	director	Heitor Dhalia
Tales from the Golden Age	director	Hanno Höfer
Tales from the Golden Age	director	Cristian Mungiu
Tales from the Golden Age	director	Constantin Popescu
Tales from the Golden Age	director	Ioana Uricaru
Tales from the Golden Age	director	Razvan Marculescu
Tomorrow at Dawn	director	Denis Dercourt
Redshirt Blues	director	David O. Rogers
The Maori Merchant of Venice	director	Don Selwyn
Ramona and Beezus	director	Elizabeth Allen (director)
Frog Baseball (Beavis and Butt-head)	director	Mike Judge
Melancholy Baby (film)	director	Sean Hood
Crying Freeman (film)	director	Christophe Gans
The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1977)	director	Alan Cooke
Esmeralda (1922 film)	director	Edwin J. Collins
Tic Tac (film)	director	Daniel Alfredson
Grain in Ear	director	Zhang Lü
Don't Look Back (2009 film)	director	Marina de Van
Soundtrack for a Revolution	director	Bill Guttentag
Soundtrack for a Revolution	director	Dan Sturman
The Outcast (1954 film)	director	William Witney
Echoes (Fear Itself)	director	Rupert Wainwright
My Name Is Alan and I Paint Pictures	director	Johnny Boston
Arabian Adventure	director	Kevin Connor (director)
Jujiro	director	Teinosuke Kinugasa
Jujiro	director	Bonji Taira
The Raven (2006 film)	director	Ulli Lommel
Passion Play (film)	director	Mitch Glazer
The Smiling Ghost	director	Lewis Seiler
And Quiet Flows the Don (1958 film)	director	Sergei Gerasimov (film director)
Erastes tou oneirou	director	Giannia Dalianidis
Les Misérables (1909 film)	director	J. Stuart Blackton
Les Misérables (1925 film)	director	Henri Fescourt
Curse of the Crimson Altar	director	Vernon Sewell
The Time That Remains	director	Elia Suleiman
Happiness (1965 film)	director	Agnès Varda
Fort Utah (film)	director	Lesley Selander
Bel Ami (1939 film)	director	Willi Forst
A Aa E Ee (2009 Telugu film)	director	Srinivasa Reddy
Lootere	director	Dharmesh Darshan
I Accuse!	director	José Ferrer
Lachende Erben	director	Max Ophüls
The Great Sioux Uprising	director	Lloyd Bacon
Up Pompeii (film)	director	Bob Kellett
Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky	director	Jan Kounen
Rumpelstiltskin (1996 film)	director	Mark Jones (screenwriter)
Black Widow (1954 film)	director	Nunnally Johnson
Double Identity (2009 film)	director	Dennis Dimster-Denk
The Young Guard (film)	director	Sergei Gerasimov (film director)
Wooden Staircase	director	Wooden Staircase
Rock Show (Parks and Recreation)	director	Michael Schur
Goemon (film)	director	Kazuaki Kiriya
The Goodbye Gossip Girl	director	Norman Buckley
Deep River (film)	director	Kei Kumai
Wheel Ghar Ghar Mein	director	Jatinder Anand
Aapki Antara	director	Drishtant Media
Generalissimo (30 Rock)	director	Todd Holland
Mind Polish: Master Hubbard's Special Reserve	director	Santino Ramos
B.F.'s Daughter	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Nefertiti, Queen of the Nile	director	Fernando Cherchio
Second Glance (film)	director	Rich Christiano
Bindhaast	director	Chandrakant Kulkarni
Congo Crossing	director	Joseph Pevney
The Roommate	director	Christian E. Christiansen
Shinbone Alley (film)	director	John David Wilson
Why Did I Get Married Too?	director	Tyler Perry
Be Dear to Me	director	Annelise Hovmand
The Girls Are Willing	director	Gabriel Axel
The Golden Touch (film)	director	Walt Disney
Cadavres	director	Eric Canuel
By the Lake	director	Sergei Gerasimov (film director)
Fanboy and Chum Chum	director	Brian Sheesley
Fanboy and Chum Chum	director	Jay Lender
Beastly (film)	director	Daniel Barnz
Independencia (film)	director	Raya Martin
Irene (2009 film)	director	Alain Cavalier
East of Sumatra	director	Budd Boetticher
Dogtooth (film)	director	Yorgos Lanthimos
The Father of My Children	director	Mia Hansen-Løve
To Die Like a Man	director	João Pedro Rodrigues
Nymph (film)	director	Pen-Ek Ratanaruang
Montana Belle	director	Allan Dwan
Police, Adjective	director	Corneliu Porumboiu
Tale in the Darkness	director	Nikolay Khomeriki
Tsar (film)	director	Pavel Lungin
Propala Hramota	director	Borys Ivchenko
The Army of Crime	director	Robert Guédiguian
The Beloved Rogue	director	Alan Crosland
The Unloved	director	Samantha Morton
1000 Convicts and a Woman	director	Ray Austin (director)
The Single Girls	director	Beverly Sebastion
The Single Girls	director	Ferd Sebastion
Hotel Reserve	director	Lance Comfort
Hotel Reserve	director	Mutz Greenbaum
Hotel Reserve	director	Victor Hanbury
Leya, Ang Pinakamagandang Babae Sa Ilalim Ng Lupa	director	Ruel Bayani
Superman/Batman: Public Enemies	director	Sam Liu
Big Tit Sisters: Blow Through the Valley	director	Yumi Yoshiyuki
A Good Baby	director	Katherine Dieckmann
The Toy Wife	director	Richard Thorpe
Step Up 3D	director	Jon Chu
Manila (2009 film)	director	Raya Martin
Manila (2009 film)	director	Adolfo Alix, Jr.
Ashes and Blood	director	Fanny Ardant
Jaffa (film)	director	Keren Yedaya
The Thorn in the Heart	director	Michel Gondry
Underwater!	director	John Sturges
Leuchtturm des Chaos	director	Manfred Blank
Leuchtturm des Chaos	director	Wolf-Eckart Bühler
The Idle Vassal: House of the Snake Princess	director	Yasushi Sasaki
Chuck Versus the DeLorean	director	Ken Whittingham
Highwater (film)	director	Dana Brown
4 Romance	director	Chookiat Sakveerakul
4 Romance	director	Prachya Pinkaew
4 Romance	director	Bandit Thongdee
4 Romance	director	Rachain Limtrakul
Neelathamara (2009 film)	director	Lal Jose
Too Hot to Handle (1938 film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Akō Rōshi: Ten no Maki, Chi no Maki	director	Sadatsugu Matsuda
Tell Me Who You Are (film)	director	Souleymane Cissé
My Neighbor, My Killer	director	Anne Aghion
The Eye of the Storm (2009 film)	director	Eduardo Valente
A Fox's Tale	director	György Gát
The Burmese Harp (1985 film)	director	Kon Ichikawa
The Marriage Ref	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Miss Oyu	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Panneer Pushpangal	director	Santhana Bharathi
The Sea Wall	director	Rithy Panh
Ngayon at Kailanman (TV series)	director	Mike Tuviera
Kidney Now!	director	Don Scardino
Soundless Wind Chime	director	Kit Hung
The House of the Devil	director	Ti West
Rio Del Mar (1998 TV series)	director	Mel Chionglo
Rio Del Mar (1998 TV series)	director	Jeffrey Jeturian
Rio Del Mar (1998 TV series)	director	Gina Alajar
A Very Moral Night	director	Károly Makk
The Recourse to the Method	director	Miguel Littín
Blindfolded Eyes	director	Carlos Saura
The Remains from the Shipwreck	director	Ricardo Franco
The Factory (film)	director	Morgan O'Neill
Chikara to Onna no Yo no Naka	director	Kenzō Masaoka
Crack in the Mirror	director	Richard Fleischer
Chase a Crooked Shadow	director	Michael Anderson (director)
The Sleeping Beauty (film)	director	Georgi Vasilyev
The Sleeping Beauty (film)	director	Sergei Vasilyev
Mister Moses	director	Ronald Neame
A Saloon Wet with Beautiful Women	director	Tatsurō Kashihara
The Pursuit of Happiness (1971 film)	director	Robert Mulligan
A Hunting Accident	director	Emil Loteanu
Spiral (1978 film)	director	Krzysztof Zanussi
The Photographer (film)	director	Jeremy Stein
Taza, Son of Cochise	director	Douglas Sirk
A Beautiful Life	director	Alejandro Chomski
Turquoise Rose	director	Holt Hamilton
Elektra Luxx	director	Sebastian Gutierrez
Red Ball Express (film)	director	Budd Boetticher
Sunae Shibari Dai-nihen	director	Jukō Takahashi
The Saturday Night Kid	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Valley Girls (Gossip Girl)	director	Mark Piznarski
Molester's Train: Sensitive Fingers	director	Yoshikazu Katō
My Teacher's Wife	director	Bruce Leddy
Breaking Up (film)	director	Robert Greenwald
Skate or Die (Law & Order)	director	Norberto Barba
Exchange (Law & Order)	director	Ernest Dickerson
Apartment (film)	director	Jag Mundhra
The Black Tulip (1937 film)	director	Alex Bryce
Hero of the Rails	director	Greg Tiernan
Bale Pandiya (2010 film)	director	Siddharth Chandrasekhar
Colonel Delmira Gouveia	director	Geraldo Sarno
Paternity (film)	director	David Steinberg
Tanganyika (film)	director	André de Toth
Max Q (film)	director	Michael Shapiro
Charlie Chan in Rio	director	Harry Lachman
Go for It (film)	director	Enzo Barboni
Aval Oru Thodar Kathai	director	K. Balachander
Fire Talker	director	Ivan Sen
Last Last One Forever and Ever	director	Matt Maiellaro
Last Last One Forever and Ever	director	Dave Willis
Ocana, an Intermittent Portrait	director	Ventura Pons
Yotsuya Kaidan (1956 film)	director	Masaki Mori
Ghost Stories of Wanderer at Honjo	director	Goro Katano
The Treasure of Pancho Villa	director	George Sherman
CyberTracker (film)	director	Richard Pepin
Buchanan Rides Alone	director	Budd Boetticher
Wings of the Navy (film)	director	Lloyd Bacon
Arven (1979 film)	director	Anja Breien
Kyōen Kobanzame	director	Nobuo Nakagawa
Heckler (film)	director	Michael Addis
Udaan (TV series)	director	Kavita Choudhary
Dear Father (film)	director	Dino Risi
Cattle Drive	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
Woman Between Wolf and Dog	director	André Delvaux
The Hussy	director	Jacques Doillon
The Survivors (1979 film)	director	Tomás Gutiérrez Alea
Gakusei Shinjū	director	Kenjirō Morinaga
Twilight for the Gods	director	Joseph Pevney
Hungarian Rhapsody (film)	director	Miklós Jancsó
Paradox (TV series)	director	Simon Cellan-Jones
Occupation in 26 Pictures	director	Lordan Zafranović
Kenpei to barabara shibijin	director	Kyotaro Namiki
Série noire (film)	director	Alain Corneau
Victoria (1979 film)	director	Bo Widerberg
Yojaso no maō	director	Morihei Magatani
Crash Test Dude  : The Brad Roberts Rockumentary   1	director	Brad Roberts
Gun Fury	director	Raoul Walsh
The War of the Worlds: Next Century	director	Piotr Szulkin
Grown Ups (film)	director	Dennis Dugan
Suzaki paradise: Akashingō	director	Yuzo Kawashima
The Battle of Dingjunshan	director	Ren Jingfeng
Borei kaibyo yashiki	director	Nobuo Nakagawa
Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel	director	Betty Thomas
Ghost of Chibusa Enoki	director	Goro Katano
Ghost of Chibusa Enoki	director	Hiromichi Takebe
Ghar Ki Baat Hai	director	Anant Mahadevan
Kenpei to yurei	director	Nobuo Nakagawa
Naked Fame	director	Christopher Long (director)
Furia (film)	director	Alexandre Aja
Welcome to Swift and Shift (Swift and Shift Couriers episode)	director	Paul Fenech
The Polar Bear Suit (Swift and Shift Couriers episode)	director	Paul Fenech
Mahek (film)	director	Kranti Kanade
Arena (2009 film)	director	João Salaviza
Penny Princess	director	Val Guest
Sea Devils	director	Raoul Walsh
Tetsu no tsume	director	Shinsei Adachi
To Please a Lady	director	Clarence Brown
A Nice Neighbor	director	Zsolt Kézdi-Kovács
Honky Tonk (1929 film)	director	Lloyd Bacon
Companys, procés a Catalunya	director	Josep Maria Forn
Les petites fugues	director	Yves Yersin
A Scream from Silence	director	Anne Claire Poirier
Ward Six	director	Lucian Pintilie
Kill the Irishman	director	Jonathan Hensleigh
The Real Glory	director	Henry Hathaway
Banović Strahinja (film)	director	Vatroslav Mimica
Us Two (film)	director	Claude Lelouch
Doshaburi (film)	director	Noboru Nakamura
Blue Gold: World Water Wars	director	Sam Bozzo
Wrong Side of Town	director	David DeFalco
Lunch Box (film)	director	Shinji Imaoka
Grendizer, Getter Robot G, Great Mazinger: Kessen! Daikaijuu	director	Masayuki Akihi
Taiga (film)	director	Ulrike Ottinger
J'ai tué ma mère	director	Xavier Dolan
Frog Song	director	Shinji Imaoka
Edo Sangokushi	director	Seika Shiba
Fascinating Young Hostess: Sexy Thighs	director	Tetsuya Takehora
Tōjin Okichi (1954 film)	director	Mitsuo Wakasugi
Management Training (Swift and Shift Couriers episode)	director	Paul Fenech
Sexy Package (Swift and Shift Couriers episode)	director	Paul Fenech
The Rocket Ride (Swift and Shift Couriers episode)	director	Paul Fenech
The Safety Inspector (Swift and Shift Couriers episode)	director	Paul Fenech
A Swifty Shifty Xmas (Swift and Shift Couriers episode)	director	Paul Fenech
Chaitra (film)	director	Kranti Kanade
Selma, Lord, Selma	director	Charles Burnett (director)
Burma VJ	director	Anders Østergaard
Shyness Machine Girl	director	Noboru Iguchi
Black Field	director	Danishka Esterhazy
Tobruk (2008 film)	director	Václav Marhoul
Dedicatoria	director	Jaime Chávarri
Alice in Wonderland (1949 film)	director	Dallas Bower
Date Night	director	Shawn Levy
Drawn to Life: The Next Chapter	director	Jeremiah Slaczka
Kutsukake Tokijirō (1954 film)	director	Kiyoshi Saeki
In Her Line of Fire	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
Kurama Tengu ōedo ihen	director	Kyōtarō Namiki
Cop Out (2010 film)	director	Kevin Smith
Corporate 2	director	Madhur Bhandarkar
Jūdai no yūwaku	director	Seiji Hisamatsu
George and Cecil	director	José Javier Reyes
Gainsbourg (Vie héroïque)	director	Joann Sfar
Dug's Special Mission	director	Ronnie del Carmen
Back Door Channels: The Price of Peace	director	Harry Hunkele
Winnebago Man	director	Ben Steinbauer
Ambiguous (film)	director	Toshiya Ueno
A Life Without Pain	director	Melody Gilbert
Fritz: The Walter Mondale Story	director	Melody Gilbert
30:e november	director	Daniel Fridell
Beck: The Eye of the Storm	director	Harald Hamrell
Hank's Unmentionable Problem (King of the Hill)	director	Adam Kuhlman
Circus Island	director	Audrey Landers
Circus Island	director	Judy Landers
Fantastica (film)	director	Gilles Carle
Jaguar (film)	director	Lino Brocka
Put on Ice	director	Bernhard Sinkel
The Tiger of Malaya	director	Koga Masato
Great Mazinger tai Getter Robot	director	Masayuki Akihi
The Wedding Tackle (film)	director	Rami Dvir
The Final Inch	director	Irene Taylor Brodsky
Femina Potens Art Gallery	director	Madison Young
Great Mazinger tai Getter Robot G: Kuchu Daigekitotsu	director	Masayuki Akihi
The Warped Ones	director	Koreyoshi Kurahara
Beachhead (film)	director	Stuart Heisler
Mukhamukham	director	Adoor Gopalakrishnan
Kodiyettam	director	Adoor Gopalakrishnan
The Happy Cricket	director	Walbercy Ribas
Anantaram	director	Adoor Gopalakrishnan
Soldiers' Girls	director	Haku Komori
Time Team Live	director	Tim Taylor (producer)
The Heiresses	director	Márta Mészáros
White Feather (1955 film)	director	Robert D. Webb
Special Treatment	director	Goran Paskaljević
Dōtei shain to yoromeki fujin	director	Haku Komori
A Week's Vacation	director	Bertrand Tavernier
Chief Crazy Horse (1955 film)	director	George Sherman
Ojai Bums	director	Devin Neil Oatway
Seiryū no dōkutsu	director	Shigeyoshi Suzuki (film director)
Fort Worth (1951 film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
Miss All-American Beauty	director	Gus Trikonis
Santa Fe (1951 film)	director	Irving Pichel
Decision at Sundown	director	Budd Boetticher
Paarai (film)	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Sad and Painful Search: Office Lady Essay	director	Tarō Araki
San Demetrio London	director	Charles Frend
San Demetrio London	director	Robert Hamer
Apartment Wife: Moans from Next Door	director	Toshiki Satō
Face (2009 film)	director	Tsai Ming-liang
Oru Pennum Randaanum	director	Adoor Gopalakrishnan
Hot Tub Time Machine	director	Steve Pink
The Gamekeeper (film)	director	Ken Loach
Artisten	director	Harry Piel
What Changed Charley Farthing?	director	Sidney Hayers
The Last Good Time	director	Bob Balaban
Yūrakuchō de Aimashō    1	director	Koji Shima
Stairway to Heaven (Philippines TV series)	director	Joyce E. Bernal
Stairway to Heaven (Philippines TV series)	director	Mac Alejandre
Badge 373	director	Howard Koch (screenwriter)
Following	director	Christopher Nolan
Bába (2008 film)	director	Zuzana Kirchnerová
Days of Dreams	director	Vlatko Gilić
The Candidate (1980 film)	director	Volker Schlöndorff
The Candidate (1980 film)	director	Stefan Aust
The Candidate (1980 film)	director	Alexander Kluge
The Candidate (1980 film)	director	Alexander von Eschwege
The Willi Busch Report	director	Niklaus Schilling
Christopher's House	director	Lars Lennart Forsberg
Bhagyadevatha	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Intruder in the Dust (1949 film)	director	Clarence Brown
To Love the Damned	director	Marco Tullio Giordana
Sitting Ducks (film)	director	Henry Jaglom
Ballad of Tara	director	Bahram Bayzai
Wizards on Deck with Hannah Montana	director	Rich Correll
Blissful Genuine Sex: Penetration!	director	Toshiki Satō
The Poet (film)	director	Damian Lee
Metropia (film)	director	Tarik Saleh
Prince Nezha's Triumph Against Dragon King	director	Yan Ding Xian
Prince Nezha's Triumph Against Dragon King	director	Wang Shuchen
Prince Nezha's Triumph Against Dragon King	director	Jingda Xu
I'm Photogenic	director	Dino Risi
The Matriarch (film)	director	Markku Pölönen
Public Telephone (film)	director	Jean-Marie Périer
Keep on Masturbating: Non-Stop Pleasure	director	Toshiya Ueno
The One and Only (1999 film)	director	Susanne Bier
Ishq Ishq Ishq	director	Dev Anand
Jenny's War	director	Steve Gethers
Felicitas (film)	director	María Teresa Costantini
Office Lady Love Juice	director	Yūji Tajiri
Smile (2009 TV series)	director	Ishii Yasuharu
Smile (2009 TV series)	director	Tsuboi Toshio
Apache Ambush	director	Fred F. Sears
Echo (2007 film)	director	Anders Morgenthaler
Cserepek	director	István Gaál
Saskatchewan (film)	director	Raoul Walsh
Hiawatha (film)	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
Angels of Iron	director	Thomas Brasch
Faktas	director	Almantas Grikevicius
All My Life (TV series)	director	Mac Alejandre
Hideshi Hino's Theater of Horror	director	Mari Asato
Hideshi Hino's Theater of Horror	director	Koji Shiraishi
Hideshi Hino's Theater of Horror	director	Yoshihiro Nakamura
Piranthaen Valarnthaen	director	Vijayasingam
Public Domain (film)	director	Kris Lefcoe
Lady of the Pavements	director	D. W. Griffith
April Bride	director	Ryūichi Hiroki
Punk Love (film)	director	Nick Lyon
Neige	director	Juliet Berto
Neige	director	Jean-Henri Roger
Metal Gear Solid: Rising	director	Mineshi Kimura
Pastor Brown	director	Rockmond Dunbar
Tales of Monkey Island	director	Dave Grossman (game developer)
The Stranger and the Gunfighter	director	Antonio Margheriti
Zangiku monogatari (1956 film)	director	Koji Shima
Saang Sulok ng Langit	director	Ruel Bayani
Atlantis (Hercules: The Legendary Journeys)	director	Gus Trikonis
Adultery Diary: One More Time While I'm Still Wet	director	Toshiki Satō
Front Row Life	director	Tatsumi Kumashiro
Mum & Dad	director	Steven Sheil
Breath Control: The History of the Human Beat Box	director	Joey Garfield
My Girlfriend's Boyfriend (2010 film)	director	Daryn Tufts
Buttercup (TV series)	director	Wenn V. Deramas
Prisoner of War (film)	director	Andrew Marton
Assignment to Kill	director	Sheldon Reynolds (producer)
Metroid: Other M	director	Yoshio Sakamoto
Passion of Love	director	Ettore Scola
National Heritage (film)	director	Luis García Berlanga
Fort Dodge Stampede	director	Harry Keller
Mother and Child (film)	director	Rodrigo García Barcha
Moon Light Dinner	director	Yutaka Ikejima
Pipe Dream (film)	director	John C. Walsh
Saat Paake Bandha (2009 film)	director	Sujit Mondol
One Way (film)	director	Reto Salimbeni
I Thought About You (film)	director	Yukio Kitazawa
American Radical: The Trials of Norman Finkelstein	director	David Ridgen
Rethink Afghanistan	director	Robert Greenwald
Flame Top	director	Pirjo Honkasalo
Flame Top	director	Pekka Lehto
Men in War	director	Anthony Mann
The Stranger (Land of the Lost)	director	Bob Lally
Album (Land of the Lost)	director	Bob Lally
Skylons	director	Bob Lally
Naked among Wolves (film)	director	Frank Beyer
Sex and the City 2	director	Michael Patrick King
Little Fockers	director	Paul Weitz (filmmaker)
Autumn Ball	director	Veiko Õunpuu
The Man from Hong Kong	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
The Man from Hong Kong	director	Russell Boyd
Heavy Load (film)	director	Jerry Rothwell
Kamikaze 1989	director	Wolf Gremm
Indie Sex	director	Lesli Klainberg
Pascali's Island (film)	director	James Dearden
I'll Get By (film)	director	Richard Sale (director)
Heaven's Door	director	Michael Arias
Burke & Hare (film)	director	Vernon Sewell
Moon Machines	director	Christopher Riley
Moonwalk One	director	Theo Kamecke
Romance with a Double Bass	director	Robert Young (director)
Magadheera	director	S. S. Rajamouli
Carbide and Sorrel	director	Frank Beyer
Mia Gracia	director	Gina Alajar
Back Benches	director	Jim Curry (director)
Kung Aagawin Mo Ang Lahat Sa Akin	director	Topel Lee
While the Children Sleep	director	Russell Mulcahy
Five Cartridges	director	Frank Beyer
ZMD: Zombies of Mass Destruction (film)	director	Kevin Hamedani
Justice Viswanathan	director	G. R. Nathan
Sounds Like Teen Spirit	director	Jamie Jay Johnson
Star-Crossed Lovers (film)	director	Frank Beyer
L'arc-en-ciel (film)	director	David Bonneville
Acolytes (film)	director	Jon Hewitt
Main Street (film)	director	John Doyle
Olot Palot	director	Swapan Saha
Cerromaior	director	Luís Filipe Rocha
...And God Created Them	director	Jacobo Morales
Come Live with Me	director	Clarence Brown
Aadanthe Ado Type	director	E. V. V. Satyanarayana
I Love You (1981 film)	director	Arnaldo Jabor
The Big Night Bathe	director	Binka Zhelyazkova
Memoirs of a Survivor (film)	director	David Gladwell
Fanfan	director	Alexandre Jardin
Rokunin no ansatsusha	director	Eisuke Takizawa
Raise the Titanic (film)	director	Jerry Jameson
Hell's Heroes (film)	director	William Wyler
The Blood of Fu Manchu	director	Jesús Franco
The Melody Haunts My Memory	director	Rajko Grlić
Arising from the Surface	director	Mani Kaul
Anima – Symphonie phantastique	director	Titus Leber
Ręce do góry	director	Jerzy Skolimowski
Troubled Laughter	director	Deng Yimin
Troubled Laughter	director	Yang Yanjin
À toute allure	director	Robert Kramer
The Anniversary (2009 film)	director	John Campea
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (2009 film)	director	Niels Arden Oplev
Sumo East and West	director	Ferne Pearlstein
Astoria Helen	director	Norberto Barba
Menahi	director	Ayman Makram
Faithfully (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
In Treatment (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
Identity Crisis (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Michael Smith (director)
Rock Star (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Bill D'Elia
Let's Dance (2009 film)	director	Aarif Sheikh
Lelam	director	Joshi (director)
Walang Hanggan	director	Gina Alajar
Passenger (2009 film)	director	Ranjith Sankar
The Burning Hills	director	Stuart Heisler
My Year Without Sex (film)	director	Sarah Watt
Folie a Deux (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	David Manson
Sandhesam	director	Sathyan Anthikad
A Ilha dos Amores	director	Paulo Rocha
The True Story of Ah Q (film)	director	Fan Cen
Cecilia (1982 film)	director	Humberto Solás
Body & Soul: Diana & Kathy	director	Alice Elliott
Skin Deep (1995 film)	director	Midi Onodera
Killer Fish	director	Antonio Margheriti
Curse of the Zodiac	director	Ulli Lommel
Sisters of the Gion (1956 film)	director	Hiromasa Nomura
The Terror (1938 film)	director	Richard Bird (actor)
Ground Control (film)	director	Richard Howard
Goodnight, Vienna	director	Herbert Wilcox
For the Love of Nancy	director	Paul Schneider (director)
A Royal Divorce (1938 film)	director	Jack Raymond
The Rack (film)	director	Arnold Laven
Lady L	director	Peter Ustinov
Madhura Swapnam	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Inspector Hornleigh on Holiday	director	Walter Forde
Inspector Hornleigh (film)	director	Eugene Forde
Sweet Inquest on Violence	director	Gérard Guérin
Les Dalton	director	Philippe Haïm
The Karate Killers	director	Barry Shear
Tōkaidō no yarō domo	director	Katsuhiko Tasaka
Mr. Dugan	director	Jeff Bleckner
Inspector Hornleigh Goes To It	director	Walter Forde
Vallavan Oruvan	director	R. Sundaram
The Card (1952 film)	director	Ronald Neame
Lisbon (film)	director	Ray Milland
Hide and Seek (1964 film)	director	Cy Endfield
Summer's Blood	director	Lee Demarbre
Planet Sheen	director	Todd Grimes
Planet Sheen	director	TJ Sullivan
Planet Sheen	director	Mike Gasaway
Directed by John Ford	director	Peter Bogdanovich
Adventure in Manhattan	director	Edward Ludwig
Dokkan Shehata	director	Khaled Youssef
Phagun (1958 film)	director	Bibhuti Mitra
Phir Subah Hogi	director	Ramesh Saigal
Biglang Sibol, Bayang Impasibol	director	Jeffrey Jeturian
Kadenang Kristal	director	Gina Alajar
The Admiral's Secret	director	Guy Newall
Repeated Absences	director	Guy Gilles
One Tough Bastard	director	Kurt Wimmer
A Kind of America	director	Gábor Herendi
Bingo (short film)	director	Chris Landreth
Baby on Board (film)	director	Brian Herzlinger
The Garden That Tilts	director	Guy Gilles
Invitation au voyage	director	Peter Del Monte
Vedam (film)	director	Radhakrishna Jagarlamudi
Sandstorm (film)	director	Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina
Little Wars (film)	director	Maroun Bagdadi
Five and the Skin	director	Pierre Rissient
Heart and Guts	director	Ana Carolina (director)
Tokyo: The Last Megalopolis	director	Akio Jissoji
Força-Tarefa	director	José Alvarenga Jr.
Força-Tarefa	director	Mário Márcio Bandarra
Avalukendru Oru Manam	director	C. V. Sridhar
A Dangerous Woman (1993 film)	director	Stephen Gyllenhaal
Glenn Martin, DDS	director	Dave Thomas (director)
Hungry for Monsters	director	George Csicsery
Night Hair Child	director	Andrea Bianchi
Dr. Dolittle Million Dollar Mutts	director	Alex Zamm
Blood Ties (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	Alan Taylor (director)
Blood Ties (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	Nick Gomez
Blood Ties (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	Mark Pellington
Kalidas (film)	director	H. M. Reddy
Permanent Residence (film)	director	Scud (film producer/writer)
Salsa (2000 film)	director	Joyce Buñuel
Fibra óptica	director	Francisco Athié
The Wind (1982 film)	director	Souleymane Cissé
Forty Deuce	director	Paul Morrissey
Los Ojos Azules de la Muneca Rota	director	Carlos Aured
Guns of Diablo	director	Boris Sagal
Dagvaktin	director	Ragnar Bragason
A Letter to Freddy Buache	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Monkey Grip (film)	director	Ken Cameron
See You in the Next War	director	Živojin Pavlović
A Girl's Tears	director	Iosif Demian
The Witch Who Came From the Sea	director	Matt Cimber
Mary Christmas (film)	director	John Schneider (television actor)
The Wicked Lady (1983 film)	director	Michael Winner
Shortkut	director	Neeraj Vora
Ondanondu Kaladalli	director	Girish Karnad
Lightning (film)	director	Mikio Naruse
The Storm (2009 film)	director	Ben Sombogaart
The Green Hornet (2006 film)	director	Aurélien Poitrimoult
Iqraar By Chance (film)	director	K. Ravi Shankar
Capitalism: A Love Story	director	Michael Moore
Runway (2009 film)	director	Sunil Tiwari
Death Drums Along the River	director	Lawrence Huntington
All in the Bunker	director	Andrew Overtoom
The Green Elephant	director	Svetlana Baskova
Parsifal (film)	director	Hans-Jürgen Syberberg
Kung Fu Panda 2	director	Jennifer Yuh Nelson
Duvar	director	Yılmaz Güney
Eréndira	director	Ruy Guerra
Dai-bosatsu tōge (1957 film)	director	Tomu Uchida
Flakes (film)	director	Michael Lehmann
Tokyo: The Last War	director	Takashige Ichise
Teito Monogatari Gaiden	director	Izo Hashimoto
Baabarr	director	Ashu Trikha
Women Talking Dirty	director	Coky Giedroyc
Pyaar Impossible!	director	Jugal Hansraj
Casados con hijos (Colombia)	director	Ramiro Meneses
Casados con hijos (Colombia)	director	Jorg Hiller
Casados con hijos (Colombia)	director	Andrés Marroquín
The Glory That Was... (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Norberto Barba
The Bells of Nagasaki  no Kane   1	director	Hideo Ōba
Baby of the Bride	director	Bill Bixby
Dragon Storm (film)	director	Stephen Furst
Oru CBI Diary Kurippu	director	K. Madhu
Olave Jeevana Lekkachaara	director	Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar
Paul (film)	director	Greg Mottola
The Unnamable (film)	director	Jean-Paul Ouellette
The Unnamable II: The Statement of Randolph Carter	director	Jean-Paul Ouellette
Earth, Wind & Fire: Live by Request	director	Lawrence Jordan
Harry's War (1981 film)	director	Kieth Merrill
Behold the Earth	director	David G. Conover
48 Angels	director	Marion Comer
Journal of a Contract Killer	director	Tony Maylam
Miss Peach: Peachy Sweetness Huge Breasts	director	Yumi Yoshiyuki
Raffles (1925 film)	director	King Baggot
The Pandora Project	director	Jim Wynorski
Stealth Fighter	director	Jim Wynorski
Charades (film)	director	Stephen Eckelberry
Scrubbers	director	Mai Zetterling
Final Voyage	director	Jim Wynorski
The Opponent	director	Eugene Jarecki
Lady Jayne: Killer	director	Mark L. Lester
Evil Town	director	Edward Collins
Evil Town	director	Larry Spiegel
Evil Town	director	Peter S. Traynor
Evil Town	director	Mardi Rustam
The Death of Mario Ricci	director	Claude Goretta
Pihalla	director	Toni Laine
$5 Cover	director	Craig Brewer
Underage Drinking: A National Concern	director	Dan Attias
Panchalankurichi (film)	director	Seeman (director)
Live from Amsterdam (DVD)	director	Daniel Catullo
Speaking in Code	director	Amy Grill
The Squiz	director	Randall Churchill
Tar Pit	director	Gordon Wiles
The Zarn	director	Bob Lally
One of Our Pylons Is Missing	director	Gordon Wiles
The Test (Land of the Lost)	director	Bob Lally
Gravity Storm	director	Gordon Wiles
The Longest Day (Land of the Lost)	director	Gordon Wiles
Fata Morgana (Sanctuary)	director	Martin Wood
Malabar Princess	director	Gilles Legrand
Forbidden Relations	director	Zsolt Kézdi-Kovács
The Beast (2009 TV series)	director	Sanford Bookstaver
The Beast (2009 TV series)	director	Jeremiah S. Chechik
The Beast (2009 TV series)	director	Michael Dinner
The Beast (2009 TV series)	director	Ken Girotti
The Beast (2009 TV series)	director	Charles Haid
The Beast (2009 TV series)	director	Christine Moore
The Beast (2009 TV series)	director	Lisa Niemi
The Beast (2009 TV series)	director	Steve Shill
The Beast (2009 TV series)	director	Tom Verica
The Beast (2009 TV series)	director	Michael W. Watkins
Mannaja	director	Sergio Martino
Murder C.O.D.	director	Alan Metzger
The Two Mr. Kissels	director	Ed Bianchi
Paa (film)	director	R. Balki
Sex and Lies in Sin City	director	Peter Medak
Tea and Sympathy (film)	director	Vincente Minnelli
Manor House Agricultural Center	director	Emmanuel Omondi
Ehsaas is Tarah	director	Gurman Juggal
Hell on Frisco Bay	director	Frank Tuttle
Independence Day (1983 film)	director	Robert Mandel
Secretariat (film)	director	Randall Wallace
The House Next Door (film)	director	Jeff Woolnough
Sons (2006 film)	director	Erik Richter Strand
Pilot (Royal Pains)	director	Jace Alexander
Rio Branco Institute	director	Ambassador
Inception	director	Christopher Nolan
Tempo (film)	director	Eric Styles
Third Dimensional Murder	director	George Sidney
Sea Beast	director	Paul Ziller
Invisible City	director	Hubert Davis (filmmaker)
The Graduates of Malibu High	director	Lawrence D. Foldes
The Bad Boy (1917 film)	director	Chester Withey
Parshuramer Kuthar	director	Nabyendu Chatterjee
Mega Monster Battle: Ultra Galaxy	director	Koichi Sakamoto
Tatlong taong walang Diyos	director	Mario O'Hara
Barumbado	director	Willie Milan
Thirst (1979 film)	director	Rod Hardy
Last Exit to Brooklyn (film)	director	Uli Edel
Ee Parakkum Thalika	director	Thaha
Dakota Express	director	Om Prakash Rao
Luksang Tagumpay	director	Gregorio Fernández
Jaago	director	Mehul Kumar
Bella Donna (film)	director	Peter Keglevic
Twenty Years of African Cinema	director	Férid Boughedir
20 Years After	director	Jim Torres
20 Years After	director	Ron Harris
Toronto Free Gallery	director	Heather Haynes
Basanti (2000 film)	director	Neer Shah
Granite Hotel	director	Dave Fleischer
Vasya (film)	director	Andrei Zagdansky
Revenge of the Electric Car	director	Chris Paine
A Nightmare on Elm Street (2010 film)	director	Samuel Bayer
Blind Love (2005 film)	director	Daisuke Gotō
Le secret de Rosette Lambert	director	Raymond Bernard
Can She Bake a Cherry Pie?	director	Henry Jaglom
News Items	director	Raymond Depardon
The Pool Hustlers	director	Maurizio Ponzi
Zoeken naar Eileen (film)	director	Rudolf van den Berg
Elmer, the Great	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Scorpio Nights	director	Peque Gallaga
La bête lumineuse	director	Pierre Perrault
La matiouette ou l'arrière-pays	director	André Téchiné
Two Thousand Women	director	Frank Launder
Kamen Rider W	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Kamen Rider W	director	Satoshi Morota
Kamen Rider W	director	Naosuke Kurosawa
Kamen Rider W	director	Takayuki Shibasaki
Kamen Rider W	director	Hidenori Ishida
Kamen Rider W	director	Koichi Sakamoto
Nešto između	director	Srđan Karanović
The Goods: Live Hard, Sell Hard	director	Neal Brennan
The Haircut	director	Tamar Simon Hoffs
Zappa (film)	director	Bille August
Angelo My Love	director	Robert Duvall
Esprit d'amour	director	Ringo Lam
Allt flyter	director	Måns Herngren
Roseanna McCoy	director	Irving Reis
The Hangover Part II	director	Todd Phillips
Kalinovski Square (film)	director	Jury Chaščavacki
The Legend of Gator Face	director	Vic Sarin
In the Land of the Deaf	director	Nicolas Philibert
George Washington University School of Media and Public Affairs	director	Frank Sesno
Mr. Troop Mom	director	William Dear
Le Monsieur, le Vampire et Renée Marcelle	director	Oscar Alvarado
Walking, Walking	director	Ermanno Olmi
Équateur (film)	director	Serge Gainsbourg
The Man in the Silk Hat	director	Maud Linder
Alive in Joburg	director	Neill Blomkamp
Fimpen	director	Bo Widerberg
Maid's Night Out	director	Ben Holmes
Captain Lightfoot	director	Douglas Sirk
Radioskugga	director	Jonas Grimås
Radioskugga	director	Björn Gunnarsson
Radioskugga	director	Filippa Pierrou
Radioskugga	director	Roger Sellberg
Mortal Kombat (2011 video game)	director	Ed Boon
De drabbade	director	Måns Mårlind
De drabbade	director	Björn Stein
De drabbade	director	Dean Tomkins
The Return of Superfly	director	Sig Shore
It Had to Be You (TV series)	director	David Steinberg
Drishti (film)	director	Govind Nihalani
Mio in the Land of Faraway	director	Vladimir Grammatikov
Saikin-rettō	director	Kenji Murakami
Missionary Man (film)	director	Dolph Lundgren
Agent Red	director	Damian Lee
Agent Red	director	Jim Wynorski
Hidden Agenda (2001 film)	director	Marc S. Grenier
Direct Action (film)	director	Sidney J. Furie
Retrograde (film)	director	Christopher Kulikowski
Nathalie Granger	director	Marguerite Duras
Polanski Unauthorized	director	Damian Chapa
Helena from the Wedding	director	Joseph Infantolino
Our Very Own (1950 film)	director	David Miller (director)
Cold Souls	director	Sophie Barthes
Mohandas (film)	director	Mazhar Kamran
This Is My Country (film)	director	Lino Brocka
The Men Who Stare at Goats (film)	director	Grant Heslov
Day Is Longer Than Night	director	Lana Gogoberidze
Dot Goes to Hollywood	director	Yoram Gross
The Runaways (film)	director	Floria Sigismondi
The Thirst (film)	director	Jeremy Kasten
Svart Lucia	director	Rumle Hammerich
Family Values (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
Subway (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	Gary Fleder
Orange Winter (film)	director	Andrei Zagdansky
The Back-up Plan	director	Alan Poul
The Pirate (1984 film)	director	Jacques Doillon
This Is Not Happening	director	Kim Manners
Diary for My Children	director	Márta Mészáros
Quilombo (film)	director	Carlos Diegues
Success Is the Best Revenge	director	Jerzy Skolimowski
Rango (2011 film)	director	Gore Verbinski
Vigil (film)	director	Vincent Ward
Die Jungfrau auf dem Dach	director	Otto Preminger
Corrado (film)	director	Adamo Paolo Cultraro
Folly to Be Wise	director	Frank Launder
Royal Cavalcade	director	Thomas Bentley
Royal Cavalcade	director	Herbert Brenon
Royal Cavalcade	director	W.P. Kellino
Royal Cavalcade	director	Norman Lee
Royal Cavalcade	director	Walter Summers
Royal Cavalcade	director	Marcel Varnel
Boulevard (1960 film)	director	Julien Duvivier
Kyaa Kahein	director	Ekta Kapoor
Miss Hotel Call Girl: Healing Induction	director	Tetsuya Takehora
EarthBound Saga	director	Jeff Benson
A Man of Principle	director	Francisco Norden
Dragnet (1947 film)	director	Leslie Goodwins
The Gun That Won the West	director	William Castle
The Doctor's Dilemma (film)	director	Anthony Asquith
La gran aventura del Zorro	director	Raúl de Anda
Tilly of Bloomsbury (1921 film)	director	Rex Wilson (director)
The Road to Bresson	director	Leo De Boer
The Road to Bresson	director	Jurriën Rood
Feroz (film)	director	Manuel Gutiérrez Aragón
Le jour S...	director	Jean Pierre Lefebvre
Le tartuffe	director	Gérard Depardieu
Jorge Eliecer Gaitan Museum	director	National University of Colombia
Deadline (2001 film)	director	Colin Nutley
Shadows in Paradise (2010 film)	director	J. Stephen Maunder
Prem Granth	director	Rajiv Kapoor
The Spikes Gang	director	Richard Fleischer
The Troubled Month of Veresen	director	Leonid Osyka
Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang	director	Susanna White
Girl 27	director	David Stenn
The Thirteenth Guest (film)	director	Albert Ray
Maria's Day	director	Judit Elek
Gone for Goode	director	Barry Levinson
Khatta Meetha (2010 film)	director	Priyadarshan
Treasury Men in Action	director	William Beaudine
Treasury Men in Action	director	Leigh Jason
Fort Saganne	director	Alain Corneau
Such Good Friends	director	Otto Preminger
Up for the Cup (1931 film)	director	Jack Raymond
Happy Endings?	director	Tara Hurley
Revoir Julie	director	Jeanne Crépeau
Adieu Bonaparte	director	Youssef Chahine
River's End	director	William Katt
Blood: The Last Vampire (2009 film)	director	Chris Nahon
The Pylon Express	director	Gordon Wiles
Cutting It Short	director	Jiří Menzel
Jail (film)	director	Madhur Bhandarkar
Derborence (film)	director	Francis Reusser
Sankat City	director	Pankaj Advani (director)
Tum Mile	director	Kunal Deshmukh
Toss (2009 film)	director	Ramesh Khatkar
H*Commerce: The Business of Hacking You	director	Seth Gordon
Rise of the Guardians	director	Peter de Ramsay
Rise of the Guardians	director	William Joyce (writer)
Kisaan (film)	director	Puneet Sira
Big Fan	director	Robert D. Siegel
The Swissmakers	director	Rolf Lyssy
The Woman in Question	director	Anthony Asquith
Sexual Desires in the Ladies' Restroom: Dripping!	director	Yutaka Ikejima
The Brainiacs.com	director	Blair Treu
Dancing in the Dark (1949 film)	director	Irving Reis
Chor Police	director	Amjad Khan
Enigma (2009 film)	director	The Shumway Brothers
Bhramaram	director	Blessy
Cañaveral de Pasiones	director	Claudio Reyes
The Secret of the Purple Reef	director	William Witney
Mourning Wife	director	Daisuke Gotō
Ice Age (film series)	director	Carlos Saldanha
Ice Age (film series)	director	Chris Wedge
Adulterous Wife's Dirty Afternoon	director	Yutaka Ikejima
Détective	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Chicken with Vinegar	director	Claude Chabrol
Farewell to the Ark	director	Shūji Terayama
Excuse Me	director	Alfred J. Goulding
Tess of the d'Urbervilles (1924 film)	director	Marshall Neilan
Madman at War	director	Dino Risi
Suspicion (TV series)	director	Don Medford
Suspicion (TV series)	director	James Neilson (director)
Adultery Addiction: Sensual Daze	director	Yumi Yoshiyuki
The Arab (1924 film)	director	Rex Ingram (director)
Mademoiselle Midnight	director	Robert Z. Leonard
The Bushbaby	director	John Trent
The Court of Last Resort	director	Tom Gries
The Court of Last Resort	director	Reginald Le Borg
Das Blaue Licht	director	Leni Riefenstahl
Little Robinson Crusoe	director	Edward F. Cline
The Rag Man	director	Edward F. Cline
Along Came Ruth	director	Edward F. Cline
Dediščina	director	Matjaž Klopčič
Revelation (1924 film)	director	George D. Baker
One Night in Rome	director	Clarence G. Badger
The George Sanders Mystery Theater	director	Fletcher Markle
Meet Corliss Archer (TV series)	director	Lewis Allen (director)
Meet Corliss Archer (TV series)	director	Leslie Goodwins
Meet Corliss Archer (TV series)	director	Lambert Hillyer
Meet Corliss Archer (TV series)	director	Herbert L. Strock
Rhythm in a Riff	director	William Castle
Men of the Fighting Lady	director	Andrew Marton
Married Flirts	director	Robert G. Vignola
Cheaper to Marry	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Crossroads (1955 TV series)	director	Ralph Murphy (director)
The Monkey Hustle	director	Arthur Marks
La residencia	director	Narciso Ibáñez Serrador
The House That Screamed	director	Polonia brothers
In Prison My Whole Life	director	Marc Evans
Slaughter (film)	director	Jack Starrett
Winged Victory (film)	director	George Cukor
In the Meantime, Darling	director	Otto Preminger
Mumia Abu-Jamal: A Case For Reasonable Doubt?	director	John Edginton
Assault of Darkness	director	Brendan Foley
Shadows (1922 film)	director	Tom Forman
Fire Festival (film)	director	Mitsuo Yanagimachi
Il diavolo sulle colline	director	Vittorio Cottafavi
Dekh Bhai Dekh (film)	director	Rahat Kazmi
Inside Detroit	director	Fred F. Sears
Morning Walk	director	Arup Dutta
Do Knot Disturb	director	David Dhawan
Mahakaal	director	Shyam Ramsay
Mahakaal	director	Tulsi Ramsay
Paper Man	director	Kieran Mulroney
Paper Man	director	Michele Mulroney
There's a Zulu On My Stoep	director	Gray Hofmeyr
Easy A	director	Will Gluck
Me Shivajiraje Bhosale Boltoy	director	Santosh Manjrekar
Shouting Fire: Stories from the Edge of Free Speech	director	Liz Garbus
Putaani Party	director	Ramchandra P. N.
Gordon Institute of Business Science	director	Nick Binedell
When We Were Beautiful	director	Phil Griffin
A Rózsa énekei	director	Andor Szilágyi
Latino (film)	director	Haskell Wexler
Tea in the Harem	director	Mehdi Charef
American INSIGHT	director	Margaret Chew Barringer
Sachché Ká Bol-Bálá	director	Dev Anand
Ijjodu	director	M. S. Sathyu
Samurai Sentai Shinkenger The Movie: The Fateful War	director	Shōjirō Nakazawa
Swami Dada	director	Dev Anand
Maat Pitaah Ke Charnon Mein Swarg	director	Rajan Shahi
Celebrity Pornhab with Dr. Screw	director	Claudio
Hong Kong 97 (film)	director	Albert Pyun
Stork (film)	director	Tim Burstall
Salome in Manhattan	director	Steve Shill
Final Fantasy: The 4 Heroes of Light	director	Takashi Tokita
Lady's Man (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Ken Girotti
Dear, Dearest, Beloved, Unique...	director	Dinara Asanova
Father & Son (TV serial)	director	Brian Kirk
The Case of the Stuttering Bishop	director	William Clemens (film director)
Starlift	director	Roy Del Ruth
Tom Sawyer (1930 film)	director	John Cromwell (director)
Asef Ala Al Izaag	director	Khaled Marei
Dalamarmarangal	director	Vijayakrishnan
Little Miss Marker (1980 film)	director	Walter Bernstein
Perfect Mismatch	director	Ajmal Zaheer Ahmad
Ek Second... Jo Zindagi Badal De?	director	Partho Ghosh
Something Remote	director	Alex Laferriere
Something Remote    1	director	Alex Laferriere
Nevada (1927 film)	director	John Waters (1934 Academy Award winner)
For Those Who Hunt The Wounded Down	director	Norma Bailey
The Trojan Women (film)	director	Michael Cacoyannis
Dude, We're Getting the Band Back Together	director	Dan Povenmire
Skullduggery (1983 film)	director	Ota Richter
I'm the Law	director	Jean Yarbrough
I'm the Law	director	George Archainbaud
Rope (film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
Danger – Love at Work	director	Otto Preminger
Sweedie Goes to College	director	Richard Foster Baker
Dream with the Fishes	director	Finn Taylor
Uro (film)	director	Stefan Faldbakken
A Cry from the Streets	director	Lewis Gilbert
Paul and Michelle	director	Lewis Gilbert
Seven Nights in Japan	director	Lewis Gilbert
Light Up the Sky! (film)	director	Lewis Gilbert
Not Quite Paradise	director	Lewis Gilbert
Before You Go (film)	director	Lewis Gilbert
The Rookie (1959 film)	director	George O'Hanlon
Star of Midnight	director	Stephen Roberts (director)
Alien (film)	director	Ridley Scott
Naadodigal	director	Samuthirakani
The Nick of Time Baby	director	Clarence G. Badger
A Dash of Courage	director	Charley Chase
Hearts and Sparks	director	Clarence G. Badger
A (Kannada film)	director	Upendra
A Social Cub	director	Clarence G. Badger
The Danger Girl	director	Clarence G. Badger
Haystacks and Steeples	director	Clarence G. Badger
Baseball Madness	director	Billy Mason (actor)
Dangers of a Bride	director	Clarence G. Badger
Dangers of a Bride	director	Ferris Hartman
Dangers of a Bride	director	Robert P. Kerr
Dangers of a Bride	director	Bobby Vernon
Samurai Princess	director	Kengo Kaji
The Man Behind the Badge	director	John Peyser
The Man Behind the Badge	director	Paul Landres
Talk of Angels	director	Nick Hamm
Flop Starz	director	Dan Povenmire
La quiero a morir (telenovela)	director	Juan Carlos Vásquez
La quiero a morir (telenovela)	director	Unai Amuchastegui
Dreaming Machine	director	Satoshi Kon
Everything Goes Wrong	director	Seijun Suzuki
Hôtel des Amériques	director	André Téchiné
Bai Chali Sasariye	director	Mohansingh Rathod
Dream Chronicles	director	KatGames
Baba Ramdev (film)	director	S. P. Kalla
Baba Ramdev (film)	director	Manibhai Vyas
Whose Baby?	director	Clarence G. Badger
The Sultan's Wife	director	Clarence G. Badger
The Pullman Bride	director	Clarence G. Badger
Society for Sale	director	Frank Borzage
Her Decision	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Colpo di luna	director	Alberto Simone
Station Content	director	Arthur Hoyt
You Can't Believe Everything	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Blessed (2009 film)	director	Ana Kokkinos
Everywoman's Husband	director	Gilbert P. Hamilton
Shifting Sands (film)	director	Albert Parker (director)
The Secret Code (film)	director	Albert Parker (director)
Wife or Country	director	E. Mason Hopper
Genghis Khan (1992 film)	director	Ken Annakin
Under the Lash	director	Sam Wood
Don't Tell Everything	director	Sam Wood
Three Men and Adena	director	Martin Campbell
Her Husband's Trademark	director	Sam Wood
Her Gilded Cage	director	Sam Wood
Beyond the Rocks (film)	director	Sam Wood
Hera Pheri 4	director	Anees Bazmee
The Impossible Mrs. Bellew	director	Sam Wood
My American Wife	director	Sam Wood
Rocket Singh: Salesman of the Year	director	Shimit Amin
Namo Venkatesa	director	Srinu Vaitla
Think Tank (film)	director	Brian Petersen
Scum of the Earth!	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
ESME Sudria	director	Herve Laborne
Dard Divorce	director	Olaf Ittenbach
Manjadikuru	director	Anjali Menon
Thanksgiving (2006 film)	director	Scott Ennis
Big Man Japan	director	Hitoshi Matsumoto
Savage Vengeance	director	Donald Farmer
Remember Me (2010 film)	director	Allen Coulter
Monsieur de Pourceaugnac (film)	director	Michel Mitrani
The Mystery of Alexina	director	René Féret
Mon Curé Chez les Nudistes	director	Robert Thomas (director)
Zombie Girl: The Movie	director	Justin Johnson
Zombie Girl: The Movie	director	Aaron Marshall
USS Cooper: Return to Ormoc Bay	director	Daniel Foster
Calzada	director	Eduardo Montes-Bradley
Vedikkai En Vadikkai	director	Visu
Irreversi	director	Michael Gleissner
Deep Gold	director	Michael Gleissner
Amaravathi (2009 film)	director	Ravi Babu
The Karate Kid (2010 film)	director	Harald Zwart
Dante's Inferno (1924 film)	director	Henry Otto
Iron Road (film)	director	David Wu
Padre nuestro (1985 film)	director	Francisco Regueiro
32A	director	32A
The Shocking Miss Pilgrim	director	George Seaton
De Danadan	director	Mahesh Kothare
Your Geek News	director	Matt Campagna
Company Business	director	Nicholas Meyer
Command Performance (2009 film)	director	Dolph Lundgren
Brooklyn Force	director	Adam Bertocci
The Bounty Hunter (2010 film)	director	Andy Tennant
Kay Dyache Bola	director	Chandrakant Kulkarni
Strella (2009 film)	director	Panos H. Koutras
Esther Kahn	director	Arnaud Desplechin
Nice Girl?	director	William A. Seiter
Street Thief	director	Malik Bader
Street Thief	director	Miles Harrison (director)
Street Thief	director	Ishai Setton
Sukeban Deka The Movie	director	Hideo Tanaka (director)
Sukeban Deka the Movie 2: Counter-Attack from the Kazama Sisters	director	Hideo Tanaka (director)
Sofiya Perovskaya (film)	director	Lev Arnshtam
King Lear (1971 USSR film)	director	Grigori Kozintsev
The Last White Dishwasher	director	Claudia Duran
Belinsky (film)	director	Grigori Kozintsev
Square Roots: The Story of SpongeBob SquarePants	director	Stephen Hillenburg
Ruins of the Reich	director	R. J. Adams
Black Cat (2007 film)	director	Vinayan
PGA Tour	director	Tim Finchem
Katie and Emily (Skins)	director	Charles Martin (director)
The Overcoat (1926 film)	director	Grigori Kozintsev
The Overcoat (1926 film)	director	Leonid Trauberg
Bagdad Cafe (TV series)	director	Paul Bogart
Cent briques et des tuiles	director	Pierre Grimblat
Centomila dollari per Ringo	director	Alberto De Martino
Ces dames s'en mêlent	director	Raoul André
Le Chant du monde (film)	director	Marcel Camus
La colpa e la pena	director	Marco Bellocchio
Cristo in India	director	Rinaldo Dal Fabbro
Da Istanbul ordine di uccidere	director	Carlo Ferrero
La Dama de Beirut	director	Ladislao Vajda
Desafío en Río Bravo	director	Tulio Dimicheli
Les Deux orphelines	director	Riccardo Freda
El Diablo también llora	director	José Antonio Nieves Conde
La donna di notte	director	Mino Loy
Prem Aggan	director	Feroz Khan
Freakdog	director	Paddy Breathnach
I Hate Valentine's Day	director	Nia Vardalos
Bed and Sofa	director	Abram Room
Crime and Punishment (1970 film)	director	Lev Kulidzhanov
The Blizzard (1964 film)	director	Vladimir Basov
Ghost of a Chance (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	Martin Campbell
Amreeka	director	Cherien Dabis
Thirty Three (film)	director	Georgi Daneliya
Michurin (film)	director	Alexander Dovzhenko
Order Castles of the Third Reich	director	R. J. Adams
The Alive and the Dead	director	Aleksandr Stolper
Hank's Dirty Laundry	director	Shaun Cashman
The Quick and the Dead (1987 film)	director	Robert Day (director)
Stone (2010 film)	director	John Curran (director)
Chicken Every Sunday	director	George Seaton
Overruled!	director	Paul Fox
Boris Godunov (1986 film)	director	Sergei Bondarchuk
Rosa Luxemburg (film)	director	Margarethe von Trotta
Gabriela, giros del destino	director	Daniel Bautista (director)
Gabriela, giros del destino	director	Juan Carlos Delgado
Ulli Lommel's Black Dahlia (film)	director	Ulli Lommel
Golgo 13: The Professional	director	Osamu Dezaki
Bananas!*	director	Fredrik Gertten
Gopi Gopika Godavari	director	Vamsy
Pirogov (film)	director	Grigori Kozintsev
Love Me Forever or Never	director	Arnaldo Jabor
I Love You (1986 film)	director	Marco Ferreri
La dernière image	director	Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina
There Ain't No Justice	director	Pen Tennyson
Poor Butterfly (film)	director	Raúl de la Torre
Borsalino (film)	director	Jacques Deray
Kusume Rumal	director	Tulsi Ghimire
Object of Obsession	director	Gregory Dark
Pilot (Warehouse 13)	director	Jace Alexander
Shadows of the Past (film)	director	Gabriel Pelletier
The Collector (2009 film)	director	Marcus Dunstan
A Girl's Own Story	director	Jane Campion
The Nun and the Sergeant	director	Franklin Adreon
Parasuram (film)	director	Arjun Sarja
O Seeta Katha	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Evil Bong 2: King Bong	director	Charles Band
Les Innocents (film)	director	André Téchiné
We Go Way Back	director	Lynn Shelton
The Deep (Orson Welles film)	director	Orson Welles
Beautiful Kate	director	Rachel Ward
Maleyali Jotheyali	director	Preetham Gubbi
Oru Thayin Sabhatham	director	Vijaya T. Rajendar
En Thangai Kalyani	director	Vijaya T. Rajendar
Shanti Enathu Shanti	director	Vijaya T. Rajendar
Samsara Sangeetham	director	Vijaya T. Rajendar
Enga Veetu Velan	director	Vijaya T. Rajendar
Sabash Babu	director	Sasi Mohan
Pettredutha Pillai	director	Poornachandran
Oru Vasantha Geetham	director	Vijaya T. Rajendar
Monisha En Monalisa	director	Vijaya T. Rajendar
Thai Thangai Paasam	director	Vijaya T. Rajendar
The 100 Mile Challenge	director	Eddie O. (director)
Our Friend the Atom	director	Hamilton Luske
Willowbee	director	George Kenyon
Love Khichdi	director	Srinivas Bhashyam
...à la campagne	director	Manuel Poirier
Teree Sang	director	Satish Kaushik
Jacare (film)	director	Charles E. Ford
Jacare (film)	director	Clyde E. Elliott
Gulliver's Travels (2010 film)	director	Rob Letterman
My Youthfulness	director	Zhao Baogang
Fury at Smugglers' Bay	director	John Gilling
OzGirl	director	Nicholas Carlton
A Day in the Life (film)	director	Sticky Fingaz
Hitler (1996 film)	director	Siddique (director)
Son of a Gun (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	Nick Gomez
The Spy with My Face	director	John Newland
The Overcoat (1959 film)	director	Aleksey Batalov
1-Ichi	director	Masato Tanno
Demonic Toys 2	director	William Butler (actor)
Beck (film)	director	Pelle Seth
Beck – Mannen med ikonerna	director	Pelle Seth
Beck – Vita nätter	director	Kjell Sundvall
Beck – Öga för öga	director	Kjell Sundvall
Beck – Pensionat Pärlan	director	Kjell Sundvall
Beck – Monstret	director	Harald Hamrell
Beck – Spår i mörker	director	Morten Arnfred
Stockholm Marathon (film)	director	Peter Keglevic
Sweet Hearts Dance	director	Robert Greenwald
Return to Bolivia	director	Mariano Raffo
The Reckoning: The Battle for the International Criminal Court	director	Pamela Yates
When the Mountains Tremble	director	Pamela Yates
The First Auto	director	Roy Del Ruth
The Kreutzer Sonata (1987 film)	director	Mikhail Schweitzer
The Kreutzer Sonata (1987 film)	director	Sofiya Milkina
Siri Siri Muvva	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Little Tragedies (film)	director	Mikhail Schweitzer
Dead Souls (film)	director	Mikhail Schweitzer
The Little Golden Calf (film)	director	Mikhail Schweitzer
Crash Zone	director	Esben Storm
Jane White Is Sick & Twisted	director	The Asylum
Despicable Me	director	Pierre Coffin
Despicable Me	director	Chris Renaud (animator)
Nepal Pyaro Chha	director	Shambhu Pradhan
Secret Command	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Killjoy 2: Deliverance from Evil	director	Tammi Sutton
Das zweite Schraube-Fragment	director	Walter Andreas Christen
Marine Raiders (film)	director	Harold D. Schuster
Marine Raiders (film)	director	Robert Wise
Simple People	director	Grigori Kozintsev
Simple People	director	Leonid Trauberg
Under the Mountain (film)	director	Jonathan King (film director)
Papaya, Love Goddess of the Cannibals	director	Joe D'Amato
Let Me In (film)	director	Matt Reeves
Pressure Point (film)	director	Hubert Cornfield
Struggle (TV series)	director	Zhao Baogang
Escape from Fort Bravo	director	John Sturges
Quake (film)	director	Louis Morneau
Private Practices: The Story of a Sex Surrogate	director	Kirby Dick
The Plumber	director	Peter Weir
Anger Management	director	Peter Segal
Bunny and the Bull	director	Paul King (director)
Puppet Master: Axis of Evil	director	David DeCoteau
The Youth of Maxim	director	Grigori Kozintsev
The Youth of Maxim	director	Leonid Trauberg
Moscow Pride '06	director	Vladimir Ivanov
The Return of Maxim	director	Grigori Kozintsev
The Return of Maxim	director	Leonid Trauberg
The Vyborg Side	director	Grigori Kozintsev
The Vyborg Side	director	Leonid Trauberg
Gotham (film)	director	Lloyd Fonvielle
Bop Gun (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	Stephen Gyllenhaal
Huckleberry Hound Meets Wee Willie	director	William Hanna
Huckleberry Hound Meets Wee Willie	director	Joseph Barbera
Angaaray (1998 film)	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Laputa (film)	director	Helma Sanders-Brahms
A Promise (film)	director	Yoshishige Yoshida
Passionless Moments	director	Jane Campion
Passionless Moments	director	Gerard Lee
Man of Ashes	director	Nouri Bouzid
Salome (1986 film)	director	Claude d'Anna
Bruno (2000 film)	director	Shirley MacLaine
Two Friends (film)	director	Jane Campion
Where Are You Going?	director	Rangel Vulchanov
Slaughter (2008 film)	director	Stewart Hopewell
The Missions of California	director	R. J. Adams
Aahaa	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
Darklands (film)	director	Julian Richards (director)
It's News to Me	director	Jerome Schnurr
Running Free (film)	director	Sergei Bodrov
Epitaph One	director	David Solomon (producer)
By the Bluest of Seas	director	Boris Barnet
Soul Mates (film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
A Man and a Woman: 20 Years Later	director	Claude Lelouch
The Fighter	director	David O. Russell
Five Minutes to Live	director	Bill Karn
Kakkakuyil	director	Priyadarshan
Singam	director	Hari (director)
Assault in the Ring	director	Eric Drath
SING*ularity	director	Brad Mays
Stage Fright (1989 film)	director	Brad Mays
Wrong Turn 3: Left for Dead	director	Declan O'Brien
The Last Manuscript	director	Károly Makk
Field of Honor (1987 film)	director	Jean-Pierre Denis
The Man Who Planted Trees (film)	director	Frédéric Back
The Glass Menagerie (1987 film)	director	Paul Newman
The Cult of Sincerity	director	Adam Browne (filmmaker)
The Cult of Sincerity	director	Brendan Choisnet
Pierre and Djemila	director	Gérard Blain
Subway to the Stars	director	Carlos Diegues
Subway to the Stars	director	Tereza Gonzalez
A Man in Love (film)	director	Diane Kurys
La donnaccia	director	Silvio Siano
Two Mafiosi Against Goldfinger	director	Giorgio Simonelli
The Two Parachutists	director	Lucio Fulci
Two Sergeants of General Custer	director	Giorgio Simonelli
I due toreri	director	Giorgio Simonelli
Duel at Sundown (film)	director	Leopold Lahola
Déclic et des claques	director	Philippe Clair
Erik, the Viking	director	Mario Caiano
Heroes of the West (1965 film)	director	Steno
Marco the Magnificent	director	Denys de La Patellière
Marco the Magnificent	director	Raoul Lévy
Fango sulla metropoli	director	Gino Mangini
Heroes of Fort Worth	director	Alberto De Martino
I figli del leopardo	director	Sergio Corbucci
13 Days to Die	director	Alberto Cardone
13 Days to Die	director	Manfred R. Köhler
A 009 missione Hong Kong	director	Ernst Hofbauer
I grandi condottieri	director	Marcello Baldi
I grandi condottieri	director	Francisco Pérez-Dolz
Man from Cocody	director	Christian-Jaque
Hercules and the Princess of Troy	director	Albert Band
I Kill, You Kill	director	Gianni Puccini
Idoli controluce	director	Enzo Battaglia
Italiani brava gente	director	Giuseppe De Santis
Je vous salue, mafia!	director	Raoul Lévy
James Tont operazione U.N.O.	director	Bruno Corbucci
James Tont operazione D.U.E.	director	Bruno Corbucci
Johnny West il mancino	director	Gianfranco Parolini
Le Journal d'une femme en blanc	director	Claude Autant-Lara
Die Letzten drei der Albatross	director	Wolfgang Becker
Letti sbagliati	director	Stefano Vanzina
Made in Italy	director	Nanni Loy
Loca juventud	director	Manuel Mur Oti
The Double Bed	director	Jean Delannoy
The Double Bed	director	François Dupont-Midi
La magnifica sfida	director	Miguel Lluch
The Magnificent Cuckold	director	Antonio Pietrangeli
Marc Mato, agente S. 077	director	Gregg C. Tallas
Le Majordome	director	Jean Delannoy
Marie-Chantal contre le docteur Kha	director	Claude Chabrol
Marcia nuziale	director	Marco Ferreri
Massacre at Grand Canyon	director	Albert Band
Massacre at Grand Canyon	director	Sergio Corbucci
Mission to Caracas	director	Raoul André
Missione mortale Molo 83	director	Sergio Bergonzelli
Kidnapped to Mystery Island	director	Luigi Capuano
Me and the Forty Year Old Man	director	Jacques Pinoteau
Run for Your Wife (film)	director	Gian Luigi Polidoro
Jungle Adventurer	director	Umberto Lenzi
Il mostro di Venezia	director	Dino Tavella
The Dreamer (1965 film)	director	Massimo Franciosa
La Métamorphose des cloportes	director	Pierre Granier-Deferre
Non son degno di te	director	Ettore Maria Fizzarotti
Nick Carter and Red Club	director	Jean-Paul Savignac
Night of Violence	director	Roberto Mauri
Ocaso de un pistolero	director	Rafael Romero Marchent
Uncle Tom's Cabin (1965 film)	director	Géza von Radványi
OSS 77 – Operazione fior di loto	director	Bruno Paolinelli
Impossible on Saturday	director	Alex Joffé
Passeport diplomatique agent K 8	director	Robert Vernay
Oklahoma John	director	Jaime Jesús Balcázar
Oklahoma John	director	Roberto Bianchi Montero
Perché uccidi ancora	director	José Antonio de la Loma
Bullet in the Flesh	director	Marino Girolami
Los Pistoleros de Arizona	director	Alfonso Balcázar
A Trip for Cindarella	director	André Cayatte
Die Pyramide des Sonnengottes	director	Robert Siodmak
I predoni del Sahara	director	Guido Malatesta
The Relentless Four	director	Primo Zeglio
Questa volta parliamo di uomini	director	Lina Wertmüller
Budo: The Art of Killing	director	Masayoshi Nemoto
Questo pazzo, pazzo mondo della canzone	director	Bruno Corbucci
Questo pazzo, pazzo mondo della canzone	director	Giovanni Grimaldi
Questi pazzi, pazzi italiani	director	Tullio Piacentini
La ragazzola	director	Giuseppe Orlandini
Rita, la figlia americana	director	Piero Vivarelli
Sheriff Won't Shoot	director	José Luis Monter
Sheriff Won't Shoot	director	Renato Polselli
Der Schatz der Azteken	director	Robert Siodmak
Black Eagle of Santa Fe	director	Alberto Cardone
Black Eagle of Santa Fe	director	Ernst Hofbauer
Shots in Threequarter Time	director	Alfred Weidenmann
Se non avessi più te	director	Ettore Maria Fizzarotti
Lo scippo	director	Nando Cicero
Le sedicenni	director	Luigi Petrini
Serenade for Two Spies	director	Michael Pfleghar
Sette contro tutti	director	Michele Lupo
The Seventh Grave	director	Garibaldi Serra Caracciolo
Hercules the Avenger	director	Maurizio Lucidi
Soldati e caporali	director	Mario Amendola
The Camp Followers	director	Valerio Zurlini
I soldi	director	Gianni Puccini
I soldi	director	Giorgio Cavedon
Location Hunting in Palestine	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
Solo contro tutti	director	Antonio del Amo
Spiaggia libera	director	Marino Girolami
Seasons of Our Love	director	Florestano Vancini
Stranger in Sacramento	director	Sergio Bergonzelli
Su e giù	director	Mino Guerrini
The Young Nun	director	Bruno Paolinelli
Secret Agent Fireball	director	Luciano Martino
I tabù n. 2	director	Romolo Marcellini
Super Seven Calling Cairo	director	Umberto Lenzi
Un tango dalla Russia	director	Cesare Canevari
Forbidden Temptations	director	Osvaldo Civirani
Te lo leggo negli occhi	director	Camillo Mastrocinque
Treasure of the Petrified Forest	director	Emimmo Salvi
La Traite des blanches	director	Georges Combret
God's Thunder	director	Denys de La Patellière
Thrilling	director	Carlo Lizzani
Thrilling	director	Gian Luigi Polidoro
The Three Faces	director	Michelangelo Antonioni
The Three Faces	director	Mauro Bolognini
The Three Faces	director	Franco Indovina
Tres dólares de plomo	director	Pino Mercanti
Un milliard dans un billard	director	Nicolas Gessner
Fall of the Mohicans	director	Mateo Cano
Gli uomini dal passo pesante	director	Albert Band
Gli uomini dal passo pesante	director	Mario Sequi
The Vampire of Düsseldorf	director	Robert Hossein
La vendetta di Lady Morgan	director	Massimo Pupillo
The Revenge of Spartacus	director	Michele Lupo
Maciste il vendicatore dei Mayas	director	Guido Malatesta
Veneri al sole	director	Marino Girolami
Das Vermächtnis des Inka	director	Georg Marischka
La violenza dei dannati	director	Giovanni Roccardi
Viale della canzone	director	Tullio Piacentini
Una voglia da morire	director	Duccio Tessari
The Desperado Trail	director	Harald Reinl
Behind the Mask of Zorro	director	Ricardo Blasco
Tomorrow Is Too Late	director	Léonide Moguy
Le Due sorelle	director	Mario Volpe
It's Forever Springtime	director	Renato Castellani
I Falsari	director	Franco Rossi
Figaro qua, Figaro là	director	Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia
Io sono il capataz	director	Giorgio Simonelli
È arrivato il cavaliere!	director	Mario Monicelli
The Thief of Venice	director	John Brahm
Mater dei (1950 film)	director	Emilio Cordero
Il Nido di falasco	director	Guido Brignone
Il Mulatto	director	Francesco De Robertis
No Peace Under the Olive Tree	director	Giuseppe De Santis
Born of Unknown Father	director	Maurice Cloche
Passione fatale	director	Ernesto Grassi
Peppino e Violetta	director	Maurice Cloche
La Portatrice di pane (1950 film)	director	Maurice Cloche
Quel bandito sono io	director	Mario Soldati
Quel fantasma di mio marito	director	Camillo Mastrocinque
Prima comunione	director	Alessandro Blasetti
Il Richiamo nella tempesta	director	Oreste Palella
Romanticismo (film)	director	Clemente Fracassi
The Cliff of Sin	director	Roberto Bianchi Montero
Sangue sul sagrato	director	Goffredo Alessandrini
Sigillo rosso	director	Flavio Calzavara
La Strada finisce sul fiume	director	Luigi Capuano
Strano appuntamento	director	Dezsö Ákos Hamza
La Taverna della libertà	director	Maurice Cam
Terra senza tempo	director	Silvestro Prestifilippo
Totò cerca moglie	director	Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia
Taxi di notte	director	Carmine Gallone
Turri il bandito	director	Enzo Trapani
Le Sei mogli di Barbablù	director	Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia
Vendetta di zingara	director	Aldo Molinari
La Valse de Paris	director	Marcel Achard
Lo Zappatore	director	Rate Furlan
Tiger Fangs	director	Sam Newfield
Girl Friends (1936 film)	director	Lev Arnshtam
Spacked Out	director	Lawrence Ah Mon
Friends (1938 film)	director	Lev Arnshtam
Friends (1938 film)	director	Viktor Eisymont
Don 2: The Chase Continues	director	Farhan Akhtar
Alice in Wonderland (1915 film)	director	W.W. Young
A Lesson in History	director	Lev Arnshtam
A Lesson in History	director	Hristo Piskov
Five Days, Five Nights (1960 film)	director	Lev Arnshtam
Five Days, Five Nights (1960 film)	director	Heinz Thiel
Hotbox (TV series)	director	Vivieno Caldinelli
Marcia o Crepa	director	Frank Wisbar
Uncle's Paradise	director	Shinji Imaoka
Act Normal	director	Olaf de Fleur
Ek Niranjan	director	Puri Jagannadh
Formosa Betrayed	director	Adam Kane
Raasaiyya	director	P.Kannan
Dog Nail Clipper	director	Markku Pölönen
Mr. Brahmachari	director	Thulasidas
The Secret Rapture (film)	director	Howard Davies (director)
Innocence Unprotected	director	Dušan Makavejev
A Gathering of Old Men (film)	director	Volker Schlöndorff
And the Pursuit of Happiness	director	Louis Malle
Couldn't Be Fairer	director	Dennis O'Rourke
Ignition (2001 film)	director	Yves Simoneau
The Spirit of Christmas (short film)	director	Trey Parker
The Spirit of Christmas (short film)	director	Matt Stone
Big Beat (film)	director	Jan Hřebejk
Beck – Mannen utan ansikte	director	Harald Hamrell
Beck – Kartellen	director	Kjell Sundvall
Beck – Enslingen	director	Kjell Sundvall
Beck – Okänd avsändare	director	Harald Hamrell
Beck – Annonsmannen	director	Daniel Lind Lagerlöf
Beck – Pojken i glaskulan	director	Daniel Lind Lagerlöf
Beck – Sista vittnet	director	Harald Hamrell
Beck – Flickan i jordkällaren	director	Harald Hamrell
Beck – Gamen	director	Kjell Sundvall
La Città si difende	director	Pietro Germi
Fuoco nero	director	Silvio Siano
Three Steps North	director	W. Lee Wilder
Toto and the King of Rome	director	Mario Monicelli
Toto and the King of Rome	director	Stefano Vanzina
At Sword's Edge	director	Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia
Adorables créatures	director	Christian-Jaque
Il Bandolero stanco	director	Fernando Cerchio
La Colpa di una madre	director	Carlo Duse
La Donna che inventò l'amore	director	Ferruccio Cerio
I Figli non si vendono	director	Mario Bonnard
Ergastolo	director	Luigi Capuano
Inganno (film)	director	Guido Brignone
Machine to Kill Bad People	director	Roberto Rossellini
Redenzione (1952 film)	director	Piero Caserini
Toto and the Women	director	Mario Monicelli
Toto and the Women	director	Stefano Vanzina
Ravan Raaj: A True Story	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
Abracadabra (1952 film)	director	Max Neufeld
Beck – Advokaten	director	Kjell Sundvall
Beck – Den japanska shungamålningen	director	Kjell Sundvall
Beck – Den svaga länken	director	Harald Hamrell
Beck – Det tysta skriket	director	Harald Hamrell
Beck – I Guds namn	director	Kjell Sundvall
Mugamoodi	director	Mysskin
The Old Barn Dance	director	Joseph Kane
Under Western Stars	director	Joseph Kane
Rough Riders' Round-up	director	Joseph Kane
Southward Ho	director	Joseph Kane
Billy the Kid Returns	director	Joseph Kane
Frontier Pony Express	director	Joseph Kane
Wall Street Cowboy	director	Joseph Kane
In Old Caliente	director	Joseph Kane
Days of Jesse James	director	Joseph Kane
Young Buffalo Bill	director	Joseph Kane
The Carson City Kid	director	Joseph Kane
The Ranger and the Lady	director	Joseph Kane
Young Bill Hickok	director	Joseph Kane
Sheriff of Tombstone	director	Joseph Kane
Bad Man of Deadwood	director	Joseph Kane
Sunset Serenade	director	Joseph Kane
The Arrival (Fringe)	director	Paul A. Edwards
Cowboy and the Senorita	director	Joseph Kane
Song of Nevada	director	Joseph Kane
Bells of Rosarita	director	Frank McDonald
Lights of Old Santa Fe	director	Frank McDonald
Song of Arizona	director	Frank McDonald
My Pal Trigger	director	Frank McDonald
Home in Oklahoma	director	William Witney
Mr. Payback: An Interactive Movie	director	Bob Gale
Mr. Payback: An Interactive Movie	director	Charles Croughwell
Bells of San Angelo	director	William Witney
Apache Rose	director	William Witney
Grand Canyon Trail	director	William Witney
Under California Stars	director	William Witney
The Ghost Network	director	Fred Toye
Trail of Robin Hood	director	William Witney
Pals of the Golden West	director	William Witney
South of Caliente	director	William Witney
The Same Old Story	director	Paul A. Edwards
The Equation	director	Gwyneth Horder-Payton
In Which We Meet Mr. Jones	director	Brad Anderson (director)
The Dreamscape	director	Fred Toye
Colorado (1940 film)	director	Joseph Kane
Nevada City (1941 film)	director	Joseph Kane
There's More Than One of Everything	director	Brad Anderson (director)
Italian Postcards	director	Memè Perlini
Under Your Spell (film)	director	Otto Preminger
The Distant Land	director	Luc Bondy
Act of God (film)	director	Jennifer Baichwal
Naam Iruvar Namakku Iruvar	director	Sundar C.
Anarchy in Japansuke	director	Takahisa Zeze
Passport to Destiny	director	Ray McCarey
Dear Friend: Kay Tagal Kitang Hinintay	director	Don Michael Perez
Resonance (Warehouse 13)	director	Vincent Misiano
Zhukovsky (film)	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
Zhukovsky (film)	director	Dmitri Vasilyev (director)
Minin and Pozharsky (film)	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
Minin and Pozharsky (film)	director	Mikhail Doller
Ivar Vivahitharayal	director	Saji Surendran
Suvorov (film)	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
Suvorov (film)	director	Mikhail Doller
Mai Mai Miracle	director	Sunao Katabuchi
Abaddon (The Outer Limits)	director	Steve Anker
The Man Who Cheated Himself	director	Felix E. Feist
Don't Get Personal	director	Charles Lamont
Moonlight Masquerade	director	John Auer
Cowboy Canteen	director	Lew Landers
Rosie the Riveter (film)	director	Joseph Santley
Kansas City Kitty	director	Del Lord
San Antonio Rose (film)	director	Charles Lamont
A Guy Could Change	director	William K. Howard
Columbus Circle (film)	director	George Gallo
On the Road to Emmaus	director	Markku Pölönen
Mukunthetta Sumitra Vilikkunnu	director	Priyadarshan
Hôtel de France	director	Patrice Chéreau
Hud (1986 film)	director	Vibeke Løkkeberg
Crude (2009 film)	director	Joe Berlinger
Jenatsch (film)	director	Daniel Schmid
The House of Bernarda Alba (1987 film)	director	Mario Camus
The Serpent's Way	director	Bo Widerberg
World Builder (film)	director	Bruce Branit
Blue Film Woman	director	Kan Mukai
White Mile	director	Robert Butler (director)
Charlie Has Cancer	director	Rob McElhenney
Battle: Los Angeles	director	Jonathan Liebesman
The Butterfly Tattoo (film)	director	Phil Hawkins
Man Without a Star	director	King Vidor
Man in the Vault	director	Andrew McLaglen
Passing Fancy	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Minnaram	director	Priyadarshan
A Summer by the River	director	Markku Pölönen
Die große Liebe (1931 film)	director	Otto Preminger
A Simple Death	director	Alexander Kaidanovsky
Robinsonada or My English Grandfather	director	Nana Jorjadze
Sofia (film)	director	Alejandro Doria
A Successful Man	director	Humberto Solás
A Girl from Hunan	director	Xie Fei (director)
A Girl from Hunan	director	U Lan
Iron Earth, Copper Sky	director	Zülfü Livaneli
The Defection of Simas Kudirka	director	David Lowell Rich
Villa Estrella	director	Rico Maria Ilarde
Soul Power (film)	director	Jeff Levy-Hinte
Balibo (film)	director	Robert Connolly
Blame It on the Bellboy	director	Mark Herman
Black Noon	director	Bernard L. Kowalski
Return of a Citizen	director	Mohamed Khan
The Sum of Us (film)	director	Geoff Burton
The Sum of Us (film)	director	Kevin Dowling (director)
Boris Godunov (1954 film)	director	Vera Stroyeva
Georg (film)	director	Peeter Simm
Secrets (1992 film)	director	Peter H. Hunt
The Last Lullaby	director	Jeffrey Goodman
The Grind (2008 film)	director	John Millea
Choices (film)	director	David Lowell Rich
Somewhere (film)	director	Sofia Coppola
Best Man Wins	director	John Sturges
The Walking Hills	director	John Sturges
Kind Lady (1951 film)	director	John Sturges
It's a Big Country	director	Clarence Brown
It's a Big Country	director	Don Hartman
It's a Big Country	director	John Sturges
It's a Big Country	director	Richard Thorpe
It's a Big Country	director	Charles Vidor
It's a Big Country	director	Don Weis
It's a Big Country	director	William A. Wellman
The Girl in White	director	John Sturges
Fast Company (1953 film)	director	John Sturges
Lonesome Dove (TV miniseries)	director	Simon Wincer
Divorce (film)	director	William Nigh
Nasaan si Francis?	director	Gabriel Fernández (basketball)
My Ex	director	Piyapan Choopetch
Feathers (film)	director	John Ruane (director)
Gandharvam	director	Sangeeth Sivan
Not Evil Just Wrong	director	Phelim McAleer
Hôtel du Paradis	director	Jana Boková
Louise (film)	director	Abel Gance
Women in Prison (TV series)	director	Gerren Keith
Macbeth (1987 film)	director	Claude d'Anna
Fist of Fury (TV series)	director	Benny Chan (film director)
Pagliacci (1982 film)	director	Franco Zeffirelli
Wahnfried (film)	director	Peter Patzak
Gena the Crocodile (film)	director	Roman Abelevich Kachanov
Watercolors (film)	director	David Oliveras
Batman: The Lazarus Syndrome	director	Dirk Maggs
Tianjin Museum	director	Chen Zhuo
Vober Hat	director	Salauddin Lavlu
Wuthering Heights (1988 film)	director	Yoshishige Yoshida
Pier 5, Havana	director	Edward L. Cahn
Tetsuo: The Bullet Man	director	Shinya Tsukamoto
Aye Auto	director	Venu Nagavally
The Passenger – Welcome to Germany	director	Thomas Brasch
Four Lions	director	Chris Morris (satirist)
Punjab Gold	director	Raj Kumar
Cheburashka (film)	director	Roman Abelevich Kachanov
Ee Pattanathil Bhootham	director	Johny Antony
How to Be a Composer	director	Paul Yule
Personal Affair	director	Anthony Pelissier
Heart (1987 film)	director	James Lemmo
Bodily Harm (film)	director	James Lemmo
L'enfance de l'art	director	Francis Girod
Superman On Trial	director	Dirk Maggs
Paris Frills	director	Jacques Becker
Rivers Wash Over Me	director	John G. Young
1906 (film)	director	Brad Bird
The Reception (film)	director	John G. Young
A Chorus Lie	director	James Burrows
Allotment Wives	director	William Nigh
Agnisaram	director	A. B. Raj
Cry Wolf (1947 film)	director	Peter Godfrey (director)
Let's Go Navy!	director	William Beaudine
Ever in My Heart	director	Archie Mayo
1921 (film)	director	I. V. Sasi
Major Case (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Chris Zalla
The Insomniac	director	Madhav Mathur
House Broken (2009 film)	director	Sam Harper
Ammakkorumma	director	Sreekumaran Thampi
No Greater Love (1996 film)	director	Richard T. Heffron
The Abyss (1988 film)	director	André Delvaux
The Cannibals (1988 film)	director	Manoel de Oliveira
Harris and Company	director	Tom Blank
Harris and Company	director	Ivan Dixon
Love and Fear	director	Margarethe von Trotta
Forgetting the Girl (film)	director	Nate Taylor
Man is Not a Bird	director	Dušan Makavejev
Shapoklyak (film)	director	Roman Abelevich Kachanov
Cheburashka Goes to School	director	Roman Abelevich Kachanov
Paris, Not France	director	Adria Petty
Golden Mountains (film)	director	Sergei Yutkevich
Sex and the Single Girl (film)	director	Richard Quine
The Young Fritz	director	Grigori Kozintsev
The Young Fritz	director	Leonid Trauberg
The Club of the Big Deed	director	Grigori Kozintsev
The Club of the Big Deed	director	Leonid Trauberg
The Private Affairs of Bel Ami	director	Albert Lewin
The September Issue	director	R. J. Cutler
Whatever It Takes (2009 film)	director	Andy Hay
Trailer Park Boys: Countdown to Liquor Day	director	Mike Clattenburg
Barok u Hrvatskoj	director	Oktavijan Miletić
The Babymaker: The Dr. Cecil Jacobson Story	director	Arlene Sanford
Mokhtarnameh	director	Davoud Mirbagheri
Blood and Sand (1987 film)	director	Jeanne Labrune
Three Colors: Red	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
It's Happening Tomorrow	director	Daniele Luchetti
El Radar	director	Darío Fernando Patiño
The Adjustment Bureau	director	George Nolfi
A Very English Murder	director	Samson Samsonov
Close to My Heart	director	William Keighley
Get Away From My Mom	director	Loren Bouchard
Blood Vows: The Story of a Mafia Wife	director	Paul Wendkos
Necromentia	director	Pearry Teo
Killer Instinct (film)	director	Waris Hussein
Shaq Vs.	director	J. Rupert Thompson
Counterplan (film)	director	Sergei Yutkevich
Counterplan (film)	director	Fridrikh Ermler
Little Brother (1927 film)	director	Grigori Kozintsev
Little Brother (1927 film)	director	Leonid Trauberg
Maritime silk road (film)	director	Mohammad Bozorgnia
MASH (film)	director	Robert Altman
Tene Manasulu	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Gudachari 116	director	M. Mallikharjuna Rao
Arikkari Ammu	director	Sreekumaran Thampi
Ahimsa (1981 film)	director	I. V. Sasi
Diagnosis: Death	director	Jason Stutter
Aakkramanam	director	Sreekumaran Thampi
Abhinoy Noy	director	Archan Chakraborty
Tehilim (film)	director	Raphael Nadjari
Boína blanca	director	Luis Moglia Barth
One Peace at a Time	director	Turk Pipkin
Forbidden Nights	director	Waris Hussein
Night Journey (film)	director	Ömer Kavur
Katinka (film)	director	Max von Sydow
The Mask (1988 film)	director	Fiorella Infascelli
Lounge Chair (film)	director	Jean-François Amiguet
Marianel	director	Julio Porter
The Devil's Wheel	director	Grigori Kozintsev
The Devil's Wheel	director	Leonid Trauberg
Catita es una dama	director	Julio Saraceni
Mishki versus Yudenich	director	Grigori Kozintsev
Mishki versus Yudenich	director	Leonid Trauberg
Shunko	director	Lautaro Murúa
The Adventures of Oktyabrina	director	Grigori Kozintsev
The Adventures of Oktyabrina	director	Leonid Trauberg
Love for Sale (2008 film)	director	Russ Parr
Puthiya Mukham	director	Diphan
Marianne (1929 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Tempus Fugit (The X-Files)	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
The Bacchae (film)	director	Brad Mays
Monpura	director	Gias Uddin Selim
Jajabara	director	Bijay Mishra
Jajabara	director	Akshaya Mohanty
Jajabara	director	Hemanta Das
Esta tierra es mía	director	Hugo del Carril
Los Inundados	director	Fernando Birri
Libertad bajo palabra	director	Lautaro Murúa
The Green River Killer (film)	director	Ulli Lommel
Blood of the Virgins	director	Emilio Vieyra
La Endemoniada (1968 film)	director	Emilio Gómez Muriel
Mapantsula	director	Oliver Schmitz
Natalia (film)	director	Bernard Cohn (director)
Why? (film)	director	Karel Smyczek
The Four Troublesome Heads	director	Georges Méliès
The Tie That Binds (1995 film)	director	Wesley Strick
The Fresh Beat Band	director	Scott Kraft
The Cremator	director	Juraj Herz
Love and War (film)	director	Fredrik Emilson
Sahadevan Mahadevan	director	Ramanarayanan
En Jeevan Paduthu	director	R. Sundarrajan
Dravidan (1989 film)	director	R.Kirshnamoorthy
Desert Nights	director	William Nigh
Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure	director	Stephen Herek
Navy Blues (1929 film)	director	Clarence Brown
Sealed Cargo	director	Alfred L. Werker
Speedway (1929 film)	director	Harry Beaumont
Up in the Air (film)	director	Jason Reitman
A Day in Beaumont	director	Jeannot Zwarc
Night in the City (1933 film)	director	Fei Mu
That Wonderful Urge	director	Robert Sinclair
Gitano (1970 film)	director	Emilio Vieyra
Dead in the Water (film)	director	Gustavo Lipsztein
36 Views from the Pic Saint-Loup	director	Jacques Rivette
The Silver Chair (1990 TV Serial)	director	Alex Kirby
The Harms Case	director	Slobodan D. Pesic
Valentine's Day (film)	director	Garry Marshall
Among Grey Stones	director	Kira Muratova
Stalin's Disciples	director	Nadav Levitan
World's Greatest Dad	director	Bobcat Goldthwait
Bombhunters	director	Skye Fitzgerald
Juan Moreira (film)	director	Leonardo Favio
The St. Tammany Miracle	director	Joy N. Houck, Jr.
Moment of Truth: Cradle of Conspiracy	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
A Girl Named Tamiko	director	John Sturges
Space Battleship Yamato: Resurrection	director	Yoshinobu Nishizaki
Aladin (2009 film)	director	Sujoy Ghosh
The Ape (2009 film)	director	Jesper Ganslandt
Trenchcoat in Paradise	director	Martha Coolidge
Ulysses (1967 film)	director	Joseph Strick
Chimère (film)	director	Claire Devers
Moon Child (1989 film)	director	Agustí Villaronga
Cat Chaser	director	Abel Ferrara
Kuarup (film)	director	Ruy Guerra
Our Town (Producer's Showcase)	director	Delbert Mann
Disgrace (film)	director	Steve Jacobs
Strange Voices	director	Arthur Allan Seidelman
Dust (1985 film)	director	Marion Hänsel
The Invisible Circus (film)	director	Adam Brooks (filmmaker)
Zonad	director	John Carney (director)
Zonad	director	Kieran Carney
Meatball Machine	director	Yūdai Yamaguchi
Due Date	director	Todd Phillips
Rock Haven (film)	director	David Lewis (director)
Requiem for a Dream	director	Darren Aronofsky
Deacons for Defense (TV movie)	director	Bill Duke
Only Clouds Move the Stars	director	Torun Lian
Teatro Popular Caracol	director	Alí Humar
Devět kruhů pekla	director	Milan Muchna
Touch the Sound	director	Thomas Riedelsheimer
Fool's Mate (film)	director	Mathieu Carrière
The Tenth One in Hiding	director	Lina Wertmüller
Malpractice (film)	director	Bill Bennett (director)
Gnomes and Trolls: The Secret Chamber	director	Robert Rhodin
Errors of Youth	director	Boris Frumin
Thick Skinned	director	Patricia Mazuy
Born Into Exile	director	Eric Laneuville
Black Sin	director	Straub-Huillet
Black Sin	director	Straub-Huillet
Golden Horseshoes	director	Nouri Bouzid
Whirlwind (1988 film)	director	Bako Sadykov
The Prisoner of St. Petersburg	director	Ian Pringle (director)
Treffen in Travers	director	Michael Gwisdek
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (1988 TV Serial)	director	Marylin Fox
French Provincial	director	André Téchiné
The Great Adventure (1974 film)	director	Emilio Vieyra
Manhã Submersa	director	Lauro António
Natasha (1974 film)	director	Eber Lobato
Difunta Correa (film)	director	Hugo Reynaldo Mattar
Blood Beach	director	Jeffrey Bloom
Eddelu Manjunatha	director	Guruprasad
Alpha Dog (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Norberto Barba
East Side, West Side (1949 film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Somebody Else's Coat	director	Boris Shpis
Road to the Stage	director	Henrik Malyan
Road to the Stage	director	Levon Isahakyan
Millennium (pilot episode)	director	David Nutter
Blood Relatives	director	Claude Chabrol
Pension Mimosas	director	Jacques Feyder
Los Chicos crecen (1976 film)	director	Enrique Carreras
Such Is Life (1977 film)	director	Enrique Carreras
Los Días del pasado	director	Mario Camus
Yo también tengo fiaca	director	Enrique Cahen Salaberry
Daddy Cool (2009 Malayalam film)	director	Aashiq Abu
The Double Hour	director	Giuseppe Capotondi
Va a ser que nadie es perfecto	director	Joaquín Oristrell
Triangle (2009 film)	director	Christopher Smith (director)
Voices of Sarafina!	director	Nigel Noble
Cash (2008 film)	director	Eric Besnard
Vidas al Máximo	director	David Castellanos
50 ans	director	Gilles Carle
Phineas and Ferb Get Busted	director	Dan Povenmire
The Ghost Train (1941 film)	director	Walter Forde
A Line a Day Must Be Enough!	director	Katrin Ottarsdóttir
Private Snuffy Smith	director	Edward F. Cline
Road to Happiness	director	Phil Rosen
Rhythm and Blues Revue	director	Joseph J. Kohn
Rhythm and Blues Revue	director	Leonard Reed
The Wild and the Innocent	director	Jack Sher
Merantau (film)	director	Gareth Evans (director)
Maple Palm	director	Ralph Torjan
Institute for Consumer Antitrust Studies	director	Spencer Waller
Held Hostage	director	Grant Harvey
Daddy Nostalgie	director	Bertrand Tavernier
Vasanthi	director	Chitralaya Gopu (director)
An Inn in Tokyo	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Mella Thirandhathu Kadhavu	director	R. Sundarrajan
The Night Strangler (film)	director	Dan Curtis
Still Walking (film)	director	Hirokazu Koreeda
To the Last Man (2008 film)	director	Ben Leon
To the Last Man (2008 film)	director	Chris Ward
Michael Jackson's This Is It	director	Kenny Ortega
Captive of the Desert	director	Raymond Depardon
The King's Whore	director	Axel Corti
Mother (1989 film)	director	Gleb Panfilov
Interrogation (film)	director	Ryszard Bugajski
Rodrigo D: No Future	director	Víctor Gaviria
Bárbara (film)	director	Gino Landi
The Iceman Cometh (1989 film)	director	Clarence Fok
The Chinese Stuntman	director	Bruce Li
Call of the Yukon	director	John T. Coyle
Call of the Yukon	director	B. Reeves Eason
Girl o' My Dreams	director	Ray McCarey
Nasreddin in Bukhara	director	Yakov Protazanov
Salavat Yulayev (film)	director	Yakov Protazanov
Running Brave	director	D.S. Everettt
Running Brave	director	Donald Shebib
Unstoppable (2010 film)	director	Tony Scott
Black Death (film)	director	Christopher Smith (director)
Locker 13	director	Bruce Dellis
Locker 13	director	George Huang (director)
American Casino (film)	director	Leslie Cockburn
Taxi Blues	director	Pavel Lungin
Les Bronzés 3 : Amis pour la vie	director	Patrice Leconte
Good Hair	director	Jeff Stilson
Buy, Buy Baby	director	James Burrows
Who the Hell is Juliette?	director	Carlos Marcovich
Trash Humpers	director	Harmony Korine
Abashiri Prison (film)	director	Teruo Ishii
Without Dowry	director	Yakov Protazanov
Marionettes (film)	director	Yakov Protazanov
Tommy (1931 film)	director	Yakov Protazanov
Don't You Forget About Me (film)	director	Matt Austin (actor)
Belle Starr (film)	director	Irving Cummings
Degrassi Goes Hollywood	director	Stefan Brogren
The Forty-First (1927 film)	director	Yakov Protazanov
Back to Back (1996 film)	director	Roger Nygard
How Yukong Moved the Mountains	director	Joris Ivens
Evolution of a Filipino Family	director	Lav Diaz
Fiffty Fiffty	director	Shomu Mukherjee
Thillalangadi	director	M. Raja
The Miracle Worker (2000 film)	director	Nadia Tass
Abraham's Gold	director	Jörg Graser
Black Rose Is an Emblem of Sorrow, Red Rose Is an Emblem of Love	director	Sergei Solovyov
The Sacrament (film)	director	Hugo Claus
Uncorked (2009 film)	director	David S. Cass Sr.
Innisfree (film)	director	José Luis Guerín
Guzaarish	director	Sanjay Leela Bhansali
Twenty Four Seven (film)	director	Shane Meadows
Rope and Breasts	director	Masaru Konuma
Lucky Bastard	director	Everett Lewis
Four Nights of the Full Moon	director	Sobey Martin
Love in a Fallen City (film)	director	Ann Hui
Merlin: The Quest Begins	director	David Winning
Le casseur de pierres	director	Mohamed Zran
Night Out (film)	director	Lawrence Johnston (director)
The Last Ferry	director	Waldemar Krzystek
Pummarò	director	Michele Placido
Tumultes	director	Bertrand Van Effenterre
On Tour (1990 film)	director	Gabriele Salvatores
How Dark the Nights Are on the Black Sea	director	Vasili Pichul
Freeze Die Come to Life	director	Vitali Kanevsky
Return of the Kung Fu Dragon	director	Chick Lim Yu
The Middleton Family at the New York World's Fair	director	Robert R. Snody
The Streets of New York (1939 film)	director	William Nigh
The Sun Also Shines at Night	director	Paolo and Vittorio Taviani
The Admiral Was a Lady	director	Albert S. Rogell
The Plot Against Harry	director	Michael Roemer
Hookers In Revolt	director	Sean Weathers
Killer Dill	director	Lewis D. Collins
Nancy Drew... Reporter	director	William Clemens (film director)
The Dirty Dozen: The Next Mission	director	Andrew McLaglen
Love, Speed and Thrills	director	Mack Sennett
House of the Damned	director	Sean Weathers
Stairway to Heaven (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Allison Liddi-Brown
Darkdrive	director	Phillip J. Roth
The Midget Stays in the Picture	director	Art Edler Brown
Artificial Paradise (film)	director	Karpo Godina
Anna Karamazoff	director	Rustam Khamdamov
Bix (film)	director	Pupi Avati
The Yes Man	director	Daniele Luchetti
The Flesh	director	Marco Ferreri
The Paneless Window Washer	director	Dave Fleischer
The Paneless Window Washer	director	Willard Bowsky
Captain Calamity (film)	director	John Reinhardt
Love Island (1952 film)	director	Bud Pollard
Urban Wolf	director	Laurent Touil-Tartour
Spartacus: Blood and Sand	director	Michael Hurst
Mambo (1954 film)	director	Robert Rossen
Hungry Hill (film)	director	Brian Desmond Hurst
Cold Moon	director	Patrick Bouchitey
Africa Speaks!	director	Walter Futter
Dancing with Crime	director	John Paddy Carstairs
Malina (film)	director	Werner Schroeter
War Babies (1932 film)	director	Charles Lamont
X Marks the Spot (1942 film)	director	George Sherman
Won in the Clouds	director	Bruce M. Mitchell
Housefull (film)	director	Sajid Khan (director)
Slaves in Bondage	director	Elmer Clifton
Lust for Vengeance	director	Sean Weathers
The Woman in the Hall	director	Jack Lee (film director)
The West (documentary)	director	Stephen Ives (filmmaker)
There's Good Boos To-Night	director	Isadore Sparber
Single-Handed (2007 drama)	director	Colm McCarthy
Single-Handed (2007 drama)	director	Antony Byrne
Assault! Jack the Ripper	director	Yasuharu Hasebe
What Happened on Twenty-third Street, New York City	director	George S. Fleming
What Happened on Twenty-third Street, New York City	director	Edwin Stanton Porter
Certain Fury	director	Stephen Gyllenhaal
Submarine Alert	director	Frank McDonald
Hitler – Dead or Alive	director	Nick Grinde
X Games 3D: The Movie	director	Steve Lawrence
Crashing Through Danger	director	Sam Newfield
Way of a Gaucho	director	Jacques Tourneur
American Empire (film)	director	William C. McGann
Hudson's Bay (film)	director	Irving Pichel
Exposed (1983 film)	director	James Toback
Flight to Nowhere	director	William Rowland
The Americano	director	John Emerson (filmmaker)
His Call	director	Yakov Protazanov
The Jeff Dunham Show	director	Manny Rodriguez
The Tailor from Torzhok	director	Yakov Protazanov
Big Animal	director	Jerzy Stuhr
Apartment Wife: Affair In the Afternoon	director	Shōgorō Nishimura
Mr. Soft Touch	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Mr. Soft Touch	director	Henry Levin
Forever Fabulous	director	Werner Molinsky
Thalayanamanthram	director	Sathyan Anthikad
A Shot in the Dark (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	Bruce Paltrow
Paths of Death and Angels	director	Zoltán Kamondi
Naboer	director	Pål Sletaune
Holidays on the River Yarra	director	Leo Berkeley
Yonkers Joe	director	Robert Celestino
The Chosen One (film)	director	Aribam Syam Sharma
L'entraînement du champion avant la course	director	Bernard Favre
LA X	director	Jack Bender
Treasure Island (1985 film)	director	Raúl Ruiz
The Sign of Four (1932 film)	director	Graham Cutts
Ride Ranger Ride	director	Joseph Kane
Hearts in Bondage	director	Lew Ayres
Long Shot (1939 film)	director	Charles Lamont
As We Forgive	director	Laura Waters Hinson
Little Men (1940 film)	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Million Dollar Weekend	director	Gene Raymond
The Way of War	director	John Carter (director)
Ficció	director	Cesc Gay
A Dog and Pony Show (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	Alan Taylor (director)
Million Dollar Legs (1932 film)	director	Edward F. Cline
Malibu (film)	director	E.W. Swackhamer
Revolution (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	John David Coles
Six Days, Part 2	director	Greg Yaitanes
The Red Flute	director	Yermek Shinarbayev
Woman of the Port (1991 film)	director	Arturo Ripstein
Lebewohl, Fremde	director	Tevfik Başer
Immortals (2011 film)	director	Tarsem Singh
Perekhod tovarishcha Chkalova cherez severnyy polyus	director	Maksim Pezhemsky
Munchie	director	Jim Wynorski
2001: A Space Odyssey (film)	director	Stanley Kubrick
Her Costly Affair	director	John Patterson (director)
Family Meeting (The Shield episode)	director	Clark Johnson
Little Miss Millions	director	Jim Wynorski
Captain Khorshid	director	Nasser Taghvai
Uzhavan	director	Kathir
Gunsmoke Ranch	director	Joseph Kane
Windjammer (1937 film)	director	Ewing Scott
Chinna Vathiyar	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
Donna on Demand	director	Corbin Bernsen
Heartbeat (1946 film)	director	Sam Wood
How to Draw a Bunny	director	John W. Walter
Lost in the Stratosphere	director	Melville W. Brown
Red Apples Falling	director	Ethan Higbee
Ask Dad	director	Hugh Faulcon
Aces and Eights (1936 film)	director	Sam Newfield
Once Upon a Time (1944 film)	director	Alexander Hall
And the Rockets' Dead Glare	director	Peter Markle
Space Rage	director	Conrad E. Palmisano
Die Konsequenz	director	Wolfgang Petersen
The Three Million Trial	director	Yakov Protazanov
Silver Blaze (film)	director	Thomas Bentley
Man from the Restaurant	director	Yakov Protazanov
Kurt & Courtney	director	Nick Broomfield
It's Complicated (film)	director	Nancy Meyers
Dynamite Brothers	director	Al Adamson
Fading of the Cries	director	Brian Metcalf
Burial of a Potato	director	Jan Jakub Kolski
Fire! (1991 film)	director	Adama Drabo
Escape from the 'Liberty' Cinema	director	Wojciech Marczewski
Friends, Comrades	director	Rauni Mollberg
Dahmer Vs. Gacy	director	Ford Austin
South of the Border (film)	director	Oliver Stone
Jacquot de Nantes	director	Agnès Varda
Trans (film)	director	Julian Goldberger
Trailing the Killer	director	Herman C. Raymaker
Roman Holiday (1987 film)	director	Noel Nosseck
Two Weeks to Live	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
The Live Wire (1935 film)	director	Harry S. Webb
Behave Yourself!	director	George Beck (screenwriter)
Le Père Noël est une ordure	director	Jean-Marie Poiré
A Romance in Flanders	director	Maurice Elvey
Pontos (2008 film)	director	Peter Stefanidis
Azhagar Malai	director	S. P. Rajkumar
Pattalam (2009 film)	director	Rohan Krishna
Manjal Veiyil	director	Vaseegara Raja
Annarth	director	Ravi Dewan
Virgin Forest	director	Peque Gallaga
A Woman of No Importance (film)	director	Denison Clift
Smoke Gets in Your Eyes (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	Breakfast with Hunter
In the Country of Juliets	director	Mehdi Charef
The Sundowners (1950 film)	director	George Templeton
My Dear Secretary	director	Charles Martin
Hercules and the Conquest of Atlantis	director	Vittorio Cottafavi
Sunset Murder Case	director	Louis J. Gasnier
Hollywood and Vine (1945 film)	director	Alexis Thurn-Taxis
Misbehaving Husbands	director	William Beaudine
The Invaders (1912)	director	Francis Ford (actor)
The Invaders (1912)	director	Thomas H. Ince
Oh, Susanna! (1936 film)	director	Joseph Kane
His Double Life	director	Arthur Hopkins
Gangster Story	director	Walter Matthau
Aro Tolbukhin. En la mente del asesino	director	Isaac-Pierre Racine
Aro Tolbukhin. En la mente del asesino	director	Agustí Villaronga
Aro Tolbukhin. En la mente del asesino	director	Lydia Zimmermann
Admiral Nakhimov (film)	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
Bog (film)	director	Don Keeslar
Victory (1938 film)	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
Victory (1938 film)	director	Mikhail Doller
Baby Face Morgan	director	Arthur Dreifuss
The Dark Hour (1936 film)	director	Charles Lamont
No One Can Achieve Perfection	director	Katrin Ottarsdóttir
The Murderer Lives at Number 21	director	Henri-Georges Clouzot
The Mysterious Mr. Wong	director	William Nigh
Night of the Dead Living	director	Michael Lehmann
I Hate Luv Storys	director	Punit Malhotra
"FF.SS." – Cioè: "...che mi hai portato a fare sopra a Posillipo se non mi vuoi più bene?"	director	Renzo Arbore
Edge of Madness	director	Anne Wheeler
Telling You	director	Robert DeFranco
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (1979 film)	director	Bill Melendez
Priest (2011 film)	director	Scott Stewart (director)
Lamhaa	director	Rahul Dholakia
Absolute Conviction	director	Antonia Boyd
Nurses on the Line: The Crash of Flight 7	director	Larry Shaw
Harry Brown (film)	director	Daniel Barber (director)
Crush (1992 film)	director	Alison Maclean
The Journey (1992 film)	director	Fernando Solanas
Mixed Blessings (film)	director	Bethany Rooney
Hyènes	director	Djibril Diop Mambéty
The Lady Says No	director	Frank Ross
Dark at Noon	director	Raúl Ruiz
Frieda (film)	director	Basil Dearden
The Stork Club (1945 film)	director	Hal Walker
Barefoot Boy (film)	director	Karl Brown (cinematographer)
Guns of the Law	director	Elmer Clifton
The Forgotten Village	director	Herbert Kline
The Forgotten Village	director	Alexandr Hackenschmied
House of Secrets (1936 film)	director	Roland D. Reed
Drylanders	director	Don Haldane
Suspension (film)	director	Alec Joler
Suspension (film)	director	Ethan Shaftel
Before Winter Comes	director	J. Lee Thompson
Renfrew of the Royal Mounted (1937 film)	director	Albert Herman
The Panther's Claw	director	William Beaudine
Gundamma Katha	director	Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao
The Monster of Phineas-n-Ferbenstein	director	Zac Moncrief
East Side Story (documentary)	director	Dana Ranga
The Sentinel (1992 film)	director	Arnaud Desplechin
The Return of Casanova	director	Édouard Niermans
Luna Park (film)	director	Pavel Lungin
Northern Lights (2009 film)	director	Mike Robe
Green Grow the Rushes (film)	director	Derek N. Twist
2001 Maniacs: Field of Screams	director	Tim Sullivan (director)
The Summer Guest	director	Can Togay
Apple Trees	director	Helma Sanders-Brahms
The Arrival of Averill	director	Michael Schottenberg
Pilot (Numb3rs)	director	Mick Jackson (director)
Nothing Personal (2009 film)	director	Urszula Antoniak
The Fourth Kind	director	Olatunde Osunsanmi
La reine des pommes	director	Valérie Donzelli
Cousin Bobby	director	Jonathan Demme
Wedding Night – End of the Song	director	Pol Cruchten
The Beirut Apt	director	Daniel Salaris
The F Word (film)	director	Jed Weintrob
Earthworm Tractors	director	Ray Enright
Affairs of Cappy Ricks	director	Ralph Staub
Ghost Patrol	director	Sam Newfield
Midnight Bayou	director	Ralph Hemecker
Mr. Reckless	director	Frank McDonald
It Happened One Sunday	director	Karel Lamač
Leaving Normal (film)	director	Edward Zwick
Daniel Boone, Trail Blazer	director	Albert C. Gannaway
Daniel Boone, Trail Blazer	director	Ismael Rodríguez
The Lantern (film)	director	Karel Lamač
Quiet Wedding	director	Anthony Asquith
The Legacy (2009 film)	director	Bernard Émond
Carnival (1931 film)	director	Herbert Wilcox
The Only Son (1936 film)	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Crystal Nights	director	Tonia Marketaki
Memory of Water (film)	director	Héctor Fáver
Prague (1992 film)	director	Ian Sellar
Happy Days (1991 film)	director	Aleksei Balabanov
The Yogi Bear Show	director	William Hanna
The Yogi Bear Show	director	Joseph Barbera
Tribute (2009 film)	director	Martha Coolidge
The Chekist	director	Aleksandr Rogozhkin
Shelter Dogs	director	Cynthia Wade
Through an Open Window	director	Eric Mendelsohn
Me and Marlborough	director	Victor Saville
Land Without Music	director	Walter Forde
The Gaunt Stranger	director	Walter Forde
The Oak	director	Lucian Pintilie
The Boys from St. Petri	director	Søren Kragh-Jacobsen
Penn of Pennsylvania	director	Lance Comfort
Endless Night (1972 film)	director	Sidney Gilliat
So's Your Aunt Emma	director	Jean Yarbrough
Below the Deadline	director	Charles Lamont
Diary of a Tired Black Man	director	Tim Alexander (filmmaker)
Caryl of the Mountains	director	Bernard B. Ray
Anthrax War	director	Bob Coen
Tombstone Canyon	director	Alan James
A Simple Case	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
A Simple Case	director	Mikhail Doller
Gang Bullets	director	Lambert Hillyer
Martyrs of the Alamo	director	Christy Cabanne
Strange Illusion	director	Edgar G. Ulmer
The Deserter (1933 film)	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
The Return of Vasili Bortnikov	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
Women in the Night	director	William Rowland
Hunger (1974 film)	director	Peter Foldes
Sensation Hunters (1933 film)	director	Charles Vidor
The Black Raven	director	Sam Newfield
Jungle Man (film)	director	Harry L. Fraser
The Bashful Bachelor	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
Danger Ahead	director	Albert Herman
Machine Gun Mama	director	Harold Young
Murder on the Campus	director	Richard Thorpe
Harlem Rides the Range	director	Richard C. Kahn
The Return of Chandu	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Six-Gun Trail	director	Sam Newfield
The Murderers are Coming	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
The Murderers are Coming	director	Yuri Tarich
Danger Flight	director	Howard Bretherton
In the Name of the Fatherland	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
In the Name of the Fatherland	director	Dmitri Vasilyev (director)
Patrick Dewaere (film)	director	Marc Esposito
As in Heaven	director	Kristín Jóhannesdóttir
Condition Dead	director	Patrick Lussier
Ishqiya	director	Abhishek Chaubey
Cinderella (1977 film)	director	Michael Pataki
Sky Patrol	director	Howard Bretherton
The Gun and the Pulpit	director	Daniel Petrie
I Dies from Love	director	Raymond Menmuir
Marry Me a Little, Marry Me a Little More	director	James Burrows
Broken Highway	director	Laurie McInnes
Dyuba-Dyuba	director	Aleksandr Khvan
Kid Dynamite (film)	director	Wallace Fox
The Cher Show	director	Marx Brothers
The Cher Show	director	George Schlatter
State Department: File 649	director	Sam Newfield
Tojin Okichi	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Walls of Glass	director	Scott D. Goldstein
Pokkisham	director	Cheran (director)
Zane's Sex Chronicles	director	Shawn Foster
Just Wright	director	Sanaa Hamri
Survival of the Fittest (The Spectacular Spider-Man)	director	Victor Cook
Mechanics of the Brain	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
Chess Fever	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
Chess Fever	director	Nikolai Shpikovsky
Weapons (film)	director	Adam Bhala Lough
Death in the Air	director	Elmer Clifton
Ambush Valley	director	Bernard B. Ray
Love Laughs at Andy Hardy	director	Willis Goldbeck
Death from a Distance	director	Frank R. Strayer
Devil of the Desert Against the Son of Hercules	director	Antonio Margheriti
Chain of Desire	director	Temístocles López
Mother's Day (2010 film)	director	Darren Lynn Bousman
Sophie's Revenge	director	Eva Jin
Friends (1993 film)	director	Elaine Proctor
To Catch a Spy	director	Dick Clement
Cavalcade of the West	director	Harry L. Fraser
Road Show (film)	director	Hal Roach
The Lake (TV series)	director	Jason Priestley
The Last Alarm	director	William West (director)
Arizona Days	director	J. P. McGowan
The Face at the Window (1939 film)	director	George King (film director)
Paradise Isle	director	Arthur Greville Collins
Raiders of Old California	director	Albert C. Gannaway
The Yanks Are Coming (1942 film)	director	Alexis Thurn-Taxis
The Hoodlum	director	Max Nosseck
Mr. Wise Guy	director	William Nigh
What Becomes of the Children?	director	Walter Shumway
Musik ombord	director	Sven Lindberg
Romance on the Run	director	Gus Meins
Magistrarna på sommarlov	director	Schamyl Bauman
The Phantom of 42nd Street	director	Albert Herman
Doll Face	director	Lewis Seiler
The Wall (1962 film)	director	Walter de Hoog
Lies of the Heart: The Story of Laurie Kellogg	director	Michael Toshiyuki Uno
The Vicious Circle (1948 film)	director	W. Lee Wilder
Death Rage	director	Antonio Margheriti
No Hair Day	director	Bob Burns
Men at Work (2006 film)	director	Mani Haghighi
Maclovia (1948 film)	director	Emilio Fernández
Newsboys' Home	director	Harold Young
Last Rites of the Dead	director	Marc Fratto
Crash: The Mystery of Flight 1501	director	Philip Saville
Happy End (2009 film)	director	Arnaud Larrieu
Happy End (2009 film)	director	Jean-Marie Larrieu
Tere Mere Beach Mein	director	Star Plus
All Tomorrow's Parties (2009 film)	director	Jonathan Caouette
Utilities (film)	director	Harvey Hart
Raaj the Showman	director	Prem
Chase (film)	director	Jag Mundhra
Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac	director	Hans Canosa
Road to the Multiverse	director	Greg Colton
So This Is Washington	director	Ray McCarey
Arthur and the Revenge of Maltazard	director	Luc Besson
Mid-August Lunch	director	Gianni di Gregorio
I Dreamt I Woke Up (film)	director	John Boorman
There Goes the Bride (1932 film)	director	Albert de Courville
Savage! (film)	director	Cirio H. Santiago
Naan Mahaan Alla (2010 film)	director	Suseenthiran
Tamagotchi: Happiest Story in the Universe!	director	Jôji Shimura
The Man by the Shore	director	Raoul Peck
Danielle Steel's A Perfect Stranger	director	Michael Miller
The Providence Effect	director	Rollin Binzer
Un aller simple (2001 film)	director	Laurent Heynemann
Deadly Slumber	director	Stuart Orme
The Plant (TV)	director	Jonathan Lewis
Buried (film)	director	Rodrigo Cortés
Skull Heads	director	Charles Band
The Pilot (film)	director	Cliff Robertson
Vessel of Wrath (1938 film)	director	Erich Pommer
International Crime (1938 film)	director	Charles Lamont
We from the Urals	director	Lev Kuleshov
We from the Urals	director	Aleksandra Khokhlova
Dreaming Out Loud (film)	director	Harold Young
Water Rustlers	director	Samuel Diege
No Time for Sergeants (1958 film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Nazty Nuisance	director	Glenn Tryon
Behind Green Lights	director	Otto Brower
Under the Big Top	director	Karl Brown (cinematographer)
The Beatniks (film)	director	Paul Frees
They Raid By Night	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
The Kennel Murder Case (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
In Love with Life	director	Frank R. Strayer
Captain Scarface	director	Paul Guilfoyle
Shadows of the Orient	director	Burt P. Lynwood
A Reason to Believe	director	Douglas Tirola
That's My Baby! (1944 film)	director	William A. Berke
Bank Alarm	director	Louis J. Gasnier
Hollywood Wives: The New Generation	director	Joyce Chopra
Yellow Cargo	director	Crane Wilbur
Daughters (1997 TV film)	director	Bill L. Norton
Le Voyou	director	Claude Lelouch
Karnan (1963 film)	director	B. Ramakrishnaiah Panthulu
The Fairytaler	director	Jørgen Lerdam
Meet the Parents (1992 film)	director	Greg Glienna
Alabama Moon	director	Tim McCanlies
Laughology	director	Albert Nerenberg
The Escort	director	Ricky Tognazzi
Libera me (film)	director	Alain Cavalier
The Hide	director	Marek Losey
Laughing at Life	director	Ford Beebe
The Bees' Buzz	director	Mack Sennett
A Song for Miss Julie	director	William Rowland
Marked Men (1940 film)	director	Sam Newfield
Borderline (1950 film)	director	William A. Seiter
Northwest Trail	director	Derwin Abrahams
Harvard Beats Yale 29-29	director	Kevin Rafferty
L.A. Zombie	director	Bruce LaBruce
Border Caballero	director	Sam Newfield
Alias John Law	director	Robert N. Bradbury
Where Got Ghost?	director	Jack Neo
A Soul Haunted by Painting	director	Huang Shuqin
Go-Get-'Em, Haines	director	Sam Newfield
Last of the Warrens	director	Robert N. Bradbury
I Killed Wild Bill Hickok	director	Richard Talmadge
Cheran Pandiyan	director	K. S. Ravikumar
The Crooked Circle (1932 film)	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Youth on Parole	director	Phil Rosen
Corruption (1933 film)	director	Charles E. Roberts
Dixie Jamboree	director	Christy Cabanne
Lieutenant Kijé (film)	director	Aleksandr Faintsimmer
Brand of the Devil	director	Harry L. Fraser
Paris Follies of 1956	director	Leslie Goodwins
Escape by Night (1937 film)	director	Hamilton MacFadden
The Old Swimmin' Hole (1940 film)	director	Robert F. McGowan
The Payoff (1942 film)	director	Arthur Dreifuss
A Bride for Henry	director	William Nigh
Kabhi Na Kabhi	director	Priyadarshan
Sex and Zen III	director	Aman Chang
Flight (1929 film)	director	Frank Capra
Sins of Silence	director	Sam Pillsbury
S/Y Joy	director	Göran du Rées
Meet the Boyfriend	director	Ralph Staub
The Devil's Party	director	Ray McCarey
Undercover Agent (film)	director	Howard Bretherton
For the Cause (film)	director	David Douglas
For the Cause (film)	director	Tim Douglas
Ghost-Town Gold	director	Joseph Kane
Fultah Fisher's Boarding House	director	Frank Capra
The Kids in the Hall: Death Comes to Town	director	Kelly Makin
My Sister Eileen (1955 film)	director	Richard Quine
My Sister Eileen (1942 film)	director	Alexander Hall
Women (1985 film)	director	Stanley Kwan
One Thrilling Night	director	William Beaudine
I'm from Arkansas	director	Lew Landers
A Fig Leaf for Eve	director	Don Brodie
The Wrong Road	director	James Cruze
Chasing Trouble	director	Howard Bretherton
Shadows Over Shanghai	director	Charles Lamont
Summer Rain (2006 film)	director	Antonio Banderas
Folks! (film)	director	Ted Kotcheff
Louis, the Child King	director	Roger Planchon
Media Blitz	director	David Rogers (editor)
Magnificat (film)	director	Pupi Avati
Selena: Greatest Hits	director	Abraham Quintanilla Jr.
In Ghost House Inn	director	Lal (actor)
Mazeppa (film)	director	Bartabas
Si le soleil ne revenait pas	director	Claude Goretta
Chintamani (1933 film)	director	Kallakuri Sadasiva Rao
Anchoress (film)	director	Chris Newby
Bedevil	director	Tracey Moffatt
Bodies, Rest & Motion	director	Michael Steinberg
Zookeeper (film)	director	Frank Coraci
Barney's Version (film)	director	Richard J. Lewis
The Death of Adolf Hitler	director	Rex Firkin
Back to the Secret Garden	director	Michael Tuchner
Lupin (Philippine TV series)	director	The Promise (2007 film)
Moskal-Charivnyk	director	Mykola Zasieyev-Rudenko
Bhagya Debata	director	S.Raghuram
Vengo (film)	director	Tony Gatlif
Eat Pray Love	director	Ryan Murphy (writer)
Your Highness	director	David Gordon Green
Desperate Remedies (film)	director	Stewart Main
Desperate Remedies (film)	director	Peter Wells (filmmaker)
The Bird of Happiness (film)	director	Pilar Miró
François Truffaut: Stolen Portraits	director	Michel Pascal
François Truffaut: Stolen Portraits	director	Serge Toubiana
The Great Pumpkin (film)	director	Francesca Archibugi
Tokyo Tower (film)	director	Takashi Minamoto
They Who Dare	director	Lewis Milestone
Bob: The Musical	director	Mark S. Waters
The Young Girls Turn 25	director	Agnès Varda
Clear Blue Tuesday	director	Elizabeth Lucas
Forever Plaid: The Movie	director	Stuart Ross
The End of the World (1992 film)	director	João Mário Grilo
Doctor at Sea (film)	director	Ralph Thomas
Everyday Is a Holiday	director	Dima El-Horr
Moving (1993 film)	director	Shinji Sōmai
HP Lovecraft's The Tomb	director	Ulli Lommel
Cabaret Neiges Noires	director	Raymond Saint-Jean
Bicycle Bride	director	Hassan Zee
Prophet Without Honor	director	Felix E. Feist
The Possibility of Hope	director	Alfonso Cuarón
Terror! Robespierre and the French Revolution	director	Carl Hindmarch
Transylmania	director	David Hillenbrand
Transylmania	director	Scott Hillenbrand
Planet Raptor	director	Gary Jones
Kids Are People Too	director	Don Roy King
Akropol	director	Pantelis Voulgaris
Sim-Feng Shui	director	Keiji Kataoka
At the Max	director	Noel Archambault
At the Max	director	David Douglas
At the Max	director	Roman Kroitor
At the Max	director	Julien Temple
At the Max	director	Christine Strand
Boris Godounov (1989 film)	director	Andrzej Żuławski
The Affairs of Dobie Gillis	director	Don Weis
When We Were Pirates	director	Jim Hanks
The Frog Prince (1986 film)	director	Jackson Hunsicker
My Man (1928 film)	director	Archie Mayo
I'll Name the Murderer	director	Bernard B. Ray
Beyond Bengal	director	Harry Schenck
Million Dollar Kid	director	Wallace Fox
The Burning Court (film)	director	Julien Duvivier
The Town Went Wild	director	Ralph Murphy
Texas, Brooklyn and Heaven	director	William Castle
City of Missing Girls	director	Elmer Clifton
Lasse & Geir	director	Svend Wam
Lasse & Geir	director	Petter Vennerød
The Italian Barber	director	D. W. Griffith
Fate's Turning	director	D. W. Griffith
The Music of Chance (film)	director	Philip Haas
The Wrong Man (1993 film)	director	Jim McBride
Rockers (2003 film)	director	Takanori Jinnai
Shiva (2008 film)	director	Ronit Elkabetz
Butterflies (2009 film)	director	Ester Brymova
Rain or Shine (film)	director	Frank Capra
The Suram Fortress (film)	director	Ivan Perestiani
Kichiku Dai Enkai	director	Kazuyoshi Kumakiri
Ngati	director	Barry Barclay
Polikushka (film)	director	Aleksandr Sanin
The Miracle Maker (1922 film)	director	Aleksandr Panteleyev
Bhole Shankar (film)	director	Pankaj Shukla
Ramudu Bheemudu	director	Tapi Chanakya
Heliopolis (film)	director	Ahmad Abdalla
The Battle of Paris	director	Robert Florey
Broadway Babies	director	Mervyn LeRoy
AKA Life	director	Chad Peter
Big Time (1988 film)	director	Chris Blum
The Eagle (2011 film)	director	Kevin Macdonald (director)
The Man in the Raincoat	director	Julien Duvivier
Moving Target (film)	director	Mark Tierney
Breakfast for Two	director	Alfred Santell
Barnabo of the Mountains	director	Mario Brenta
Leaving (film)	director	Catherine Corsini
Le Promeneur du Champ de Mars	director	Robert Guédiguian
Infinite Sorrow	director	Aleksandr Panteleyev
The Exile (1922 film)	director	Vladimir Barsky
Battle of the V-1	director	Vernon Sewell
Lenny the Wonder Dog	director	Oren Goldman
Wild Wild Winter	director	Lennie Weinrib
Mala Pilla	director	Gudavalli Ramabrahmam
Aria (1987 film)	director	Robert Altman
Aria (1987 film)	director	Bruce Beresford
Aria (1987 film)	director	Bill Bryden
Aria (1987 film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Aria (1987 film)	director	Derek Jarman
Aria (1987 film)	director	Franc Roddam
Aria (1987 film)	director	Nicolas Roeg
Aria (1987 film)	director	Ken Russell
Aria (1987 film)	director	Charles Sturridge
Aria (1987 film)	director	Julien Temple
All the Best: Fun Begins	director	Rohit Shetty
Tenali Ramakrishna (film)	director	B. S. Ranga
A Confucian Confusion	director	Edward Yang
Smart Alecks	director	Wallace Fox
Jazzgossen	director	Hasse Ekman
Grosse Fatigue	director	Michel Blanc
Fit for a King	director	Edward Sedgwick
Soleil O	director	Med Hondo
Geronimo (1962 film)	director	Arnold Laven
The Making of a Legend: Gone with the Wind	director	David Hinton (director)
The Wild Bunch (2012 film)	director	Paul and Gaëtan Brizzi
Rats Like Cheese	director	Max Hodge
Peddamanushulu	director	Kadri Venkata Reddy
Ellam Avan Seyal	director	Shaji Kailas
Kōichirō Uno's Wet and Swinging	director	Shusuke Kaneko
Zor Lagaa Ke...Haiya!	director	Girish Girija Joshi
Chal Chalein	director	Ujjwal Singh
Don Muthu Swami	director	Ashim Samanta
The Gay Deception	director	William Wyler
Kerala Cafe	director	Lal Jose
Kerala Cafe	director	Shaji Kailas
Kerala Cafe	director	Revathi
Kerala Cafe	director	Shyamaprasad
Kerala Cafe	director	Anwar Rasheed
Kerala Cafe	director	B. Unnikrishnan
Kerala Cafe	director	Anjali Menon
Kerala Cafe	director	M. Padmakumar
Kerala Cafe	director	Shankar Ramakrishnan
The Ward (film)	director	John Carpenter
Fright to the Finish	director	Seymour Kneitel
Fright to the Finish	director	Al Eugster
Liane, Jungle Goddess	director	Eduard von Borsody
The Girl Said No (1937 film)	director	Andrew L. Stone
It's a Joke, Son!	director	Benjamin Stoloff
Assia and the Hen with the Golden Eggs	director	Andrei Konchalovsky
The Queen of the Night	director	Arturo Ripstein
Bad Boy (1939 film)	director	Herbert Meyer (director)
Cowboy Holiday	director	Robert F. Hill
The Whores	director	Aurelio Grimaldi
Outlaws of Boulder Pass	director	Sam Newfield
Actrices	director	Valeria Bruni Tedeschi
Malgudi Days	director	Shankar Nag
Blood and Donuts	director	Holly Dale
Zelda The Great	director	Norman Foster (director)
A Death Worse Than Fate	director	Norman Foster (director)
The Beachcomber (film)	director	Muriel Box
24 Hours (1931 film)	director	Marion Gering
An Alligator Named Daisy	director	J. Lee Thompson
Chandraharam	director	Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao
Gunasundari Katha	director	Kadri Venkata Reddy
Little Murder	director	Predrag Antonijević
Aqui na Terra (Here on Earth)	director	João Botelho
Code of the Cactus	director	Sam Newfield
The Outer Gate	director	Raymond Joseph Cannon
Texas to Bataan	director	Robert Emmett Tansey
Chinatown After Dark	director	Stuart Paton
Paradise Express	director	Joseph Kane
The Girl from Calgary	director	Phil Whitman
Cavalry (film)	director	Robert N. Bradbury
The Pecos Kid	director	Harry L. Fraser
Telephone Operator (film)	director	Scott Pembroke
The Turin Horse	director	Béla Tarr
Isle of Destiny	director	Elmer Clifton
Take Me Back to Oklahoma	director	Albert Herman
Escape to Paradise	director	Erle C. Kenton
Streetballers	director	Matthew Scott Krentz
The Legend of Neil	director	Sandeep Parikh
Hats Off (1936 film)	director	Boris Petroff
The Great Dan Patch	director	Joseph M. Newman
In Our Time (1944 film)	director	Vincent Sherman
September Affair	director	William Dieterle
Twelve (film)	director	Joel Schumacher
Dandelion Dead	director	Mike Hodges
They Never Come Back	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
The Fighting Stallion	director	Robert Emmett Tansey
Double Cross (1941 film)	director	Albert H. Kelley
Bulldog Drummond Escapes	director	James P. Hogan (director)
Phantom Thunderbolt	director	Alan James
South of Santa Fe	director	Joseph Kane
Delightfully Dangerous	director	Arthur Lubin
Tiger in the Smoke	director	Roy Ward Baker
Sampoorna Ramayanam	director	Bapu (artist)
The Day of the Devil	director	Stephen Whittaker
The Girl Who Played with Fire (film)	director	Daniel Alfredson
The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest (film)	director	Daniel Alfredson
Lip Service (TV series)	director	John McKay (director)
The Violin Player (film)	director	Charles Van Damme
The American Game	director	Jay Freund
The Pistol: The Birth of a Legend	director	Frank C. Schröder
The Surgeon's Knife	director	Gordon Parry (film director)
City Dump: The Story of the 1951 CCNY Basketball Scandal	director	George Roy
City Dump: The Story of the 1951 CCNY Basketball Scandal	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
Navy Blues (1937 film)	director	Ralph Staub
A Season on the Brink (film)	director	Robert Mandel
Layin' Low	director	Danny Leiner
Time Expired	director	Danny Leiner
Think Big (film)	director	Jon Turteltaub
Driving Me Crazy (film)	director	Jon Turteltaub
Shopping for Fangs	director	Justin Lin
Shopping for Fangs	director	Quentin Lee
Dirty O'Neil	director	Leon Capetanos
Dirty O'Neil	director	Lewis Teague
Nutcase (film)	director	Roger Donaldson
Getting In	director	Doug Liman
Goldstein (film)	director	Philip Kaufman
Fearless Frank	director	Philip Kaufman
Billy Two Hats	director	Ted Kotcheff
Winter People	director	Ted Kotcheff
Junglee (2009 film)	director	Duniya Soori
Taivas tiellä	director	Johanna Vuoksenmaa
Okay Bill	director	John G. Avildsen
The Stoolie	director	John G. Avildsen
Slow Dancing in the Big City	director	John G. Avildsen
Blazeland	director	Wayne Kramer (filmmaker)
The Loveless	director	Kathryn Bigelow
The Loveless	director	Monty Montgomery (producer)
Echoes of Paradise	director	Phillip Noyce
Stony Island (film)	director	Andrew Davis (film director)
Steal Big Steal Little	director	Andrew Davis (film director)
Dudes (film)	director	Penelope Spheeris
Thunder and Mud	director	Penelope Spheeris
Hollyweird (film)	director	Penelope Spheeris
Hollywood Vice Squad	director	Penelope Spheeris
Nowhere to Run (1989 film)	director	Carl Franklin
Eye of the Eagle 2: Inside the Enemy	director	Carl Franklin
So Fine (film)	director	Andrew Bergman
In the Mood (film)	director	Phil Alden Robinson
Our Time (film)	director	Peter Hyams
Peeper (film)	director	Peter Hyams
Shadow of Doubt	director	Randal Kleiser
Dangerous Game (1987 film)	director	Stephen Hopkins (director)
End of the Line (1987 film)	director	Jay Russell
The Ragman's Daughter	director	Harold Becker
Today and Tomorrow (1912 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
My Husband's Getting Married	director	Michael Curtiz
Bloody Kids	director	Stephen Frears
The Exile (1914 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Hearts of the West	director	Howard Zieff
The Borrowed Babies	director	Michael Curtiz
The Princess in a Nightrobe	director	Michael Curtiz
Tag: The Assassination Game	director	Nick Castle
Prisoner of the Night (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
House Calls (1978 film)	director	Howard Zieff
The Emperor's New Clothes (1966 film)	director	Bob Clark
Golddigger (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
She-Man	director	Bob Clark
One Who Is Loved By Two	director	Michael Curtiz
Breaking Point (1976 film)	director	Bob Clark
Now & Forever (2002 film)	director	Bob Clark
Seven of Spades (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Strength of the Fatherland	director	Michael Curtiz
The Black Rainbow	director	Michael Curtiz
Heart of a Champion: The Ray Mancini Story	director	Richard Michaels
The Double Man (1967 film)	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
Sphinx (film)	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
Welcome Home (1989 film)	director	Franklin J. Schaffner
The Wolf (1916 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Medic (1916 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Red Hot (film)	director	Paul Haggis
Body Slam (film)	director	Hal Needham
Mr. Doctor (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Master Zoard	director	Michael Curtiz
Tartar Invasion	director	Michael Curtiz
Secret of St. Job Forest	director	Michael Curtiz
A Penny's History	director	Michael Curtiz
The Fishing Bell	director	Michael Curtiz
Earth's Man	director	Michael Curtiz
Peace's Road	director	Michael Curtiz
The Sand Castle	director	Co Hoedeman
Jean the Tenant	director	Michael Curtiz
Grand Canyon: The Hidden Secrets	director	Kieth Merrill
Magic Waltz	director	Michael Curtiz
A skorpió I.	director	Michael Curtiz
The Devil (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Devil (film)	director	Ferenc Molnár
Lu, the Coquette	director	Michael Curtiz
The Ugly Boy	director	Michael Curtiz
Júdás	director	Michael Curtiz
Boccaccio (1920 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Harry's Girls	director	Ralph Levy
A Deadly Game (1924 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
General Babka	director	Michael Curtiz
Harun al Raschid (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Cab No. 13	director	Michael Curtiz
The Golden Butterfly	director	Michael Curtiz
The Third Degree	director	Michael Curtiz
A Million Bid	director	Michael Curtiz
The Desired Woman	director	Michael Curtiz
The Silver Horde (1930 film)	director	George Archainbaud
Good Time Charley	director	Michael Curtiz
Tenderloin (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Glad Rag Doll (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Madonna of Avenue A	director	Michael Curtiz
The Gamblers (1929 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Rebound: The Legend of Earl "The Goat" Manigault	director	Eriq La Salle
Hearts in Exile (1929 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
A Soldier's Plaything	director	Michael Curtiz
Going the Distance (2010 film)	director	Nanette Burstein
Charlie St. Cloud (film)	director	Burr Steers
Heißer Sommer	director	Joachim Hasler
Johnny Cash! The Man, His World, His Music	director	Robert Elfstrom
Czterdziestolatek	director	Jerzy Gruza
Full House (2009 TV series)	director	Mark A. Reyes
Keep on Rockin'	director	D. A. Pennebaker
Bab El-Oued City	director	Merzak Allouache
Broadway Scandals	director	George Archainbaud
Dreamplay	director	Unni Straume
Before Twilight	director	Jacek Blawut
You Can't Beat the Law	director	Phil Rosen
Born to the Saddle	director	William Beaudine
Being Alive (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Grossman (director)
Nice is Different Than Good	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Neel Akasher Chadni	director	Sujit Guha
Classic Dance of Love	director	Babbar Subhash
Hawaii Calls (film)	director	Edward F. Cline
Child of Divorce	director	Richard Fleischer
Banjo (film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Make Mine Laughs	director	Richard Fleischer
Arena (1953 film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Waterfront Lady	director	Joseph Santley
The Girl in the Red Velvet Swing	director	Richard Fleischer
The Big Gamble	director	Richard Fleischer
The Don Is Dead	director	Richard Fleischer
Tough Enough (film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Getting Even (film)	director	Dwight H. Little
KGB: The Secret War	director	Dwight H. Little
Deep Blue (2001 film)	director	Dwight H. Little
Side by Side (film)	director	Bruce Beresford
Money Movers	director	Bruce Beresford
Torment (1950 film)	director	John Guillermin
The Smart Aleck	director	John Guillermin
Two on the Tiles	director	John Guillermin
Four Days (film)	director	John Guillermin
The Silver Trail	director	Bernard B. Ray
Song of Paris	director	John Guillermin
Operation Diplomat (film)	director	John Guillermin
Marked for Murder	director	Elmer Clifton
Tormenta (film)	director	John Guillermin
Thunderstorm (film)	director	John Guillermin
The Whole Truth (1958 film)	director	John Guillermin
Rapture (1965 film)	director	John Guillermin
P.J. (film)	director	John Guillermin
The Butterfly's Dream	director	Marco Bellocchio
El Condor (1970 film)	director	John Guillermin
Mr. Patman	director	John Guillermin
Comfortably Numb (film)	director	Gavin O'Connor (director)
Honeybaby, Honeybaby	director	Michael Schultz
The Spy with a Cold Nose	director	Daniel Petrie
The Neptune Factor	director	Daniel Petrie
The Assistant (film)	director	Daniel Petrie
Johnnie Waterman	director	Jan Jakub Kolski
Northville Cemetery Massacre	director	William Dear
Secret Valley (film)	director	Howard Bretherton
The Glass Menagerie (1950 film)	director	Irving Rapper
A Life at Stake	director	Paul Guilfoyle (actor born in 1902)
Støv på hjernen (1959 film)	director	Øyvind Vennerød
The God-Why-Don't-You-Love-Me Blues	director	David Warren (director)
Göta kanal 2 – Kanalkampen	director	Pelle Seth
Ikaw Sana	director	Joel Lamangan
Alice of Wonderland in Paris	director	Gene Deitch
Vampire Girl vs. Frankenstein Girl	director	Yoshihiro Nishimura
Vampire Girl vs. Frankenstein Girl	director	Naoyuki Tomomatsu
Derby (1971 film)	director	Robert Kaylor
Somali National Academy of Culture	director	Shire Jama Ahmed
Getting Started	director	Richard Condie
Blind Alley (film)	director	Charles Vidor
Adwa (film)	director	Haile Gerima
Imperfect Journey	director	Haile Gerima
Harvest: 3,000 Years	director	Haile Gerima
Ashes and Embers	director	Haile Gerima
After Winter: Sterling Brown (film)	director	Haile Gerima
Wilmington 10 -- U.S.A. 10,000	director	Haile Gerima
Bush Mama	director	Haile Gerima
Castle Orgies	director	Isao Hayashi (director)
Kachchi Sadak	director	Sanjay D Singh
Bala Bharatam	director	Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao
The Shipwrecked	director	Miguel Littín
Without Compassion	director	Francisco José Lombardi
Roll, Freddy, Roll!	director	Bill Persky
Stacy's Knights	director	Jim Wilson
The Broken Journey	director	Sandip Ray
Rapsodia Bałtyku	director	Leonard Buczkowski
Voyage (film)	director	John Mackenzie (director)
Shri Krishnavataram	director	Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao
The Lorax (TV special)	director	Hawley Pratt
Kadavu (film)	director	M. T. Vasudevan Nair
Ladies and Gentlemen... Mr. Leonard Cohen	director	Don Owen (filmmaker)
Ladies and Gentlemen... Mr. Leonard Cohen	director	Donald Brittain
Olangal	director	Balu Mahendra
Raakh (2009 film)	director	Hansal Mehta
Grihalakshmi	director	H. M. Reddy
Full Confession	director	John Farrow
Lady in the Death House	director	Steve Sekely
Convict's Code	director	Lambert Hillyer
Prison Shadows	director	Robert F. Hill
Kanyasulkam (film)	director	P. Pullaiah
Return to Peyton Place (film)	director	José Ferrer
Ekjon Jhumur	director	Gautam Sen
Silver Spurs (film)	director	Joseph Kane
The Crime Patrol	director	Eugene Cummings
The Missing Corpse	director	Albert Herman
Sunset Range	director	Ray McCarey
Power Dive (film)	director	James P. Hogan (director)
Son of the Navy	director	William Nigh
That Brennan Girl	director	Alfred Santell
Sensation Hunters (1945 film)	director	Christy Cabanne
Western Mail (1942 film)	director	Robert Emmett Tansey
Twilight of the Gods (Inspector Morse)	director	Herbert Wise
Corral (film)	director	Colin Low (filmmaker)
Misère au Borinage	director	Henri Storck
Misère au Borinage	director	Joris Ivens
Eyewitness (1956 film)	director	Muriel Box
Between the Lines (1977 film)	director	Joan Micklin Silver
Roller Derby Girl	director	Justin Herman
Lottery Ticket (film)	director	Erik White
La belle équipe	director	Julien Duvivier
The Green Hornet (2011 film)	director	Michel Gondry
The World of Geisha	director	Tatsumi Kumashiro
Barrister Parvateesam (film)	director	H. M. Reddy
Lego Star Wars: The Quest for R2-D2	director	Peder Pedersen (director)
Footlights and Fools	director	William A. Seiter
Panique	director	Julien Duvivier
Aisha (film)	director	Rajshree Ojha
Dangerous Crossing	director	Joseph M. Newman
Aftermath: The Remnants of War (film)	director	Daniel Sekulich
Fox Movietone Follies of 1929	director	David Butler (director)
Fox Movietone Follies of 1929	director	Marcel Silver
The Drifter (1932 film)	director	William A. O'Connor
The Feud Maker	director	Sam Newfield
The Border Patrolman	director	David Howard (director)
King of the Sierras	director	Samuel Diege
King of the Sierras	director	Arthur Rosson
Meera (1992 film)	director	P. C. Sreeram
The Big Bluff	director	W. Lee Wilder
The Night of the Party	director	Michael Powell (director)
Dallas (film)	director	Stuart Heisler
Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea (film)	director	Marion Hänsel
Behind Closed Doors (1958 TV series)	director	John English (director)
Behind Closed Doors (1958 TV series)	director	Gerd Oswald
Behind Closed Doors (1958 TV series)	director	Boris Sagal
Heading for Heaven	director	Lewis D. Collins
Hard Hombre	director	Otto Brower
Seven Were Saved	director	Pine-Thomas Productions
War Dogs (1942 film)	director	S. Roy Luby
Liebe Dein Symptom wie Dich selbst!	director	Claudia Willke
Liebe Dein Symptom wie Dich selbst!	director	Katharina Höcker
Adventures of a Plumber's Mate	director	Stanley Long
Eyes Beyond Seeing	director	Daniel R. Cohn
Baarìa (film)	director	Giuseppe Tornatore
(Untitled) (film)	director	Jonathan Parker
A Single Man (film)	director	Tom Ford
The Time, the Place and the Girl (1929 film)	director	Howard Bretherton
Bhukha	director	Sabyasachi Mohapatra
The Time, the Place and the Girl (1946 film)	director	David Butler (director)
Your Witness (film)	director	Robert Montgomery (actor)
Borderline (1980 film)	director	Jerrold Freedman
Stories from the Kronen	director	Montxo Armendáriz
The Old Barn	director	Mack Sennett
Nasty Love	director	Mario Martone
The Navy Way	director	William A. Berke
Border Vengeance	director	Ray Heinz
Thundering Thompson	director	Ben F. Wilson
Irish Luck	director	Howard Bretherton
Parole, Inc.	director	Alfred Zeisler
Lightning Carson Rides Again	director	Sam Newfield
Lightnin' Bill Carson	director	Sam Newfield
Hell Fire Austin	director	Forrest Sheldon
Song of Old Wyoming	director	Robert Emmett Tansey
Tomcat: Dangerous Desires	director	Paul Donovan (writer)
Honey, I Shrunk the Kids (franchise)	director	Joe Johnston
Honey, I Shrunk the Kids (franchise)	director	Randal Kleiser
Honey, I Shrunk the Kids (franchise)	director	Dean Cundey
Throwing Curves: Eva Zeisel	director	Jyll Johnstone
La Vie miraculeuse de Thérèse Martin	director	Julien Duvivier
Martha & Ethel	director	Jyll Johnstone
Adopted (film)	director	Pauly Shore
Chicho Castillo	director	Dinos Dinopoulos
The Fantasy Film Worlds of George Pal	director	Arnold Leibovit
There Be Dragons	director	Roland Joffé
Persécution	director	Patrice Chéreau
Lovers Are Wet	director	Tatsumi Kumashiro
Family Affair (CSI)	director	Kenneth Fink
New Faces of 1937	director	Leigh Jason
100 Films and a Funeral	director	Michael McNamara
Pocket Ninjas	director	Donald G. Jackson
Mouth to Mouth (2005 film)	director	Björn Runge
Only a Mother	director	Alf Sjöberg
Yerevan History Museum	director	A. Sargsian
Six-Gun Rhythm	director	Sam Newfield
The Phantom Cowboy	director	Robert J. Horner
The Fighting Deputy	director	Sam Newfield
The Phantom Express	director	Emory Johnson
Laughter in the Dark (film)	director	Tony Richardson
Ride the Wild Surf	director	Don Taylor (actor/director)
Saddle Mountain Roundup	director	S. Roy Luby
Night Life in Reno	director	Raymond Joseph Cannon
Some Came Running	director	Vincente Minnelli
Trail Riders	director	Robert Emmett Tansey
Dawn on the Great Divide	director	Howard Bretherton
The Big Show-Off	director	Howard Bretherton
Lawless Land	director	Albert Ray
River's End (1930 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Demon of the Sea	director	Michael Curtiz
The Woman from Monte Carlo	director	Michael Curtiz
The Strange Love of Molly Louvain	director	Michael Curtiz
The Keyhole	director	Michael Curtiz
Private Detective 62	director	Michael Curtiz
The Key (1934 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Little Big Shot	director	Michael Curtiz
Mountain Justice (1937 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Perfect Specimen	director	Michael Curtiz
Four Wives	director	Michael Curtiz
Janie (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Force of Arms (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Scarlet Hour	director	Michael Curtiz
The Best Things in Life Are Free (film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Hangman (1959 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (1960 film)	director	Michael Curtiz
Bright Lights (1935 film)	director	Busby Berkeley
Traffic in Souls	director	George Loane Tucker
Su-ki-da	director	Hiroshi Ishikawa
The Company Men	director	John Wells (TV producer)
Dragon from Russia	director	Clarence Fok
Biutiful	director	Alejandro González Iñárritu
The Town (2010 film)	director	Ben Affleck
Lady Snowblood 2: Love Song of Vengeance	director	Toshiya Fujita (director)
Aap Ke Liye Hum	director	Revathy s Varmha
The Snails' Senator	director	Mircea Daneliuc
Love and Other Drugs	director	Edward Zwick
Sharaku (film)	director	Masahiro Shinoda
Waati	director	Souleymane Cissé
Treloi polyteleias	director	Stefanos Fotiadis
The Outpost (film)	director	Péter Gothár
Cruelty: Black Rose Torture	director	Katsuhiko Fujii
Rip Roarin' Buckaroo	director	Robert F. Hill
Augustin (film)	director	Anne Fontaine (filmmaker)
Dangerous Passage	director	William A. Berke
The Courageous Dr. Christian	director	Bernard Vorhaus
The Response (film)	director	Adam Rodgers
Lady Behave!	director	Lloyd Corrigan
The Devil Diamond	director	Leslie Goodwins
Midnight Phantom	director	Bernard B. Ray
Hoosier Schoolboy	director	William Nigh
Shadows of Death	director	Sam Newfield
The Girl from Monterrey	director	Wallace Fox
The Exorcist series	director	William Friedkin
The Exorcist series	director	John Boorman
The Exorcist series	director	William Peter Blatty
The Exorcist series	director	Paul Schrader
The Exorcist series	director	Renny Harlin
Air Devils	director	John Rawlins (director)
A Reason to Live, a Reason to Die	director	Tonino Valerii
Swami Vivekananda (1998 film)	director	G. V. Iyer
Pilot (Glee)	director	Ryan Murphy (writer)
Munchie Strikes Back	director	Jim Wynorski
Terry Jones' Great Map Mystery	director	Alan Ereira
Fascination: Portrait of a Lady	director	Kōyū Ohara
Queen of Cactus Cove	director	Anna Christopher
Gumrah (1993 film)	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Advantage Hart	director	Jeff Seibenick
Massacre Time	director	Lucio Fulci
Lady Moonflower	director	Katsuhiko Fujii
Requiescant	director	Carlo Lizzani
Bran Nue Dae (film)	director	Rachel Perkins
Yugandhar (1993 film)	director	N. Chandra
Meeting Venus	director	István Szabó
Bye-Bye (film)	director	Karim Dridi
Charlie & Boots	director	Dean Murphy
Under the Domim Tree	director	Eli Cohen (actor)
Ogniomistrz Kaleń	director	Ewa Petelska
Ogniomistrz Kaleń	director	Czesław Petelski
Mother's Boy (1929 film)	director	Bradley Barker
Devil-May-Care	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
L'aube à l'envers	director	Sophie Marceau
Those Were the Days (1995 French film)	director	Didier Haudepin
Lessons in the Language of Love	director	Scott Patterson (director)
Music for December	director	Ivan Dykhovichny
The Arsonist	director	U-Wei Haji Saari
Rude (film)	director	Clement Virgo
Beads From a Petal	director	Noboru Tanaka
General Hospital: Twist of Fate	director	Shelley Curtis
Night Beat (1947 film)	director	Harold Huth
Mondo Cannibale	director	Jesús Franco
Prison Ball	director	Jason Moriarty
The Last Killer	director	Giuseppe Vari
The Cat Piano	director	Eddie White (director)
The Ace of Hearts (1921 film)	director	Wallace Worsley
Rakta Charitra	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Ben and Charlie	director	Michele Lupo
Kakkothikkavile Appooppan Thaadikal	director	Kamal (director)
Long Live Your Death	director	Duccio Tessari
Prince of Tears	director	Yonfan
The Great Game (1953 film)	director	Maurice Elvey
Vishwa Mohini	director	Yaragudipati Varada Rao
The Honky Problem	director	Mike Judge
The 101st Proposal	director	Jang Tae Yoo
The 101st Proposal	director	Oh Jin Suk
The Hotel Venus	director	Shuta Takahata
The Poison Tasters	director	Ulrik Theer
Star's Echo	director	Kim Nam Won
Two Nudes Bathing	director	John Boorman
Yeh Mera India	director	N. Chandra
Double Game	director	Carlo Ausino
Tony: Another Double Game	director	Carlo Ausino
Brief Crossing	director	Catherine Breillat
The Medicine Man (1930 film)	director	Scott Pembroke
Excess Baggage (1933 film)	director	Redd Davis
Zindagi Tere Naam	director	Ashu Trikha
Phir Kabhi	director	V. K. Prakash
One Too Many Mornings (film)	director	Michael Mohan
Tommy the Toreador	director	John Paddy Carstairs
Twice Round the Daffodils	director	Gerald Thomas
Echo Park Film Center	director	Paolo Davanzo
Echo Park Film Center	director	Lisa Marr
The Memory Thief	director	Gil Kofman
The Outrage (Marcus Welby)	director	Bernard McEveety
The Other Martin Loring	director	Allen Reisner
Tricks And Treats	director	William Hanna
Tricks And Treats	director	Joseph Barbera
Melody Lane (1929 film)	director	Robert F. Hill
Gossip (The Office)	director	Paul Lieberstein
Bala Nagamma	director	C. Pullaiah
The Hunley	director	John Gray (director)
The Frightened Lady (1932 film)	director	T. Hayes Hunter
Orientation (Heroes)	director	David Straiton
Orientation (Heroes)	director	Ed Bianchi
Videocracy (film)	director	Erik Gandini
The Girl in the Flat	director	Redd Davis
Lethal Weapon (film series)	director	Richard Donner
The Tiger Next Door	director	Camilla Calamandrei
The Beach Girls and the Monster	director	Jon Hall
Verdict (1974 film)	director	André Cayatte
Stark Raving Black    1	director	Adam Dubin
Tadipaar	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Yamraaj (film)	director	Rajiv Babbar
Swarga Seema	director	Bommireddy Narasimha Reddy
Blind Beast vs. Dwarf	director	Teruo Ishii
Dhara (2008 film)	director	Masud Mirza
Smiling Irish Eyes	director	William A. Seiter
The Rainbow Man	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
Pyaar Jhukta Nahin	director	Vijay Sadanah
Cairo Road (film)	director	David MacDonald (director)
Aj Robybar	director	Humayun Ahmed
The Captain's Table (1936 film)	director	Percy Marmont
The Careless Years	director	Arthur Hiller
Eyes of a Stranger (1981 film)	director	Ken Wiederhorn
Ricky (2009 film)	director	François Ozon
The Meeting (The Office)	director	Randall Einhorn
Lady Chatterley In Tokyo	director	Katsuhiko Fujii
Autumn in March	director	Huang Yiliang
Robotskin	director	Bruno Aveillan
Track 29	director	Nicolas Roeg
The Drowned and the Saved (Law & Order)	director	Fred Berner
For Those Who Think Young (film)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
In Vino Veritas (Law & Order)	director	Tim Hunter (director)
Family Goy	director	James Purdum
Da Doggone Daddy-Daughter Dinner Dance	director	Chuck Klein
Mix Me a Person	director	Les Norman
Auf Wiedersehen (film)	director	Harald Philipp
Café Oriental	director	Rudolf Schündler
Humanimal (film)	director	Francesc Morales
Off the Hook (TV series)	director	Vadim Jean
Year of the Carnivore	director	Sook-Yin Lee
Dante's Inferno (1967 film)	director	Ken Russell
Annie: A Royal Adventure!	director	Ian Toynton
The Treasure (film)	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Gräfin Donelli	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Secrets of a Soul	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Sally (1957 TV series)	director	William Asher
Midnight Whispers (film)	director	David Lai
Midnight Whispers (film)	director	Michael Mak
Tin Man (1983 film)	director	John G. Thomas
The Wicked Dreams of Paula Schultz	director	George Marshall
Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides	director	Rob Marshall
Season's Greetings (short film)	director	Michael Dougherty
Parasomnia (film)	director	William Malone (director)
Rope and Skin	director	Shōgorō Nishimura
North (2009 film)	director	Rune Denstad Langlo
Hotel der toten Gäste	director	Eberhard Itzenplitz
Showmance (Glee)	director	Ryan Murphy (writer)
The Invisible Kid	director	Avery Crounse
The New Man	director	Raymond Menmuir
One Does Not Play with Love	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
The Life (2002 film)	director	Rolando Hudson
Drohi (2010 film)	director	Sudha K. Prasad
The Love of Jeanne Ney	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
The Devious Path	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Sura (film)	director	S. P. Rajkumar
Skandal um Eva	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Douthyam	director	P. Anil
The Social Network	director	David Fincher
L'Atlantide (1932 film)	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Savithri (1933 film)	director	Chittajalu Pullayya
High and Low (1933 film)	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
A Modern Hero	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Street of Shadows (1937 film)	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
The Shanghai Drama	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Playing House (film)	director	Kelly Makin
Only the Valiant	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Camp Blood 2	director	Brad Sykes
Les Bricoleurs	director	Jean Girault
Boots and Saddles (TV series)	director	Bernard L. Kowalski
Human Error (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Allan Kroeker
The Plough and the Stars (film)	director	John Ford
Sri Krishna Leelalu	director	Chitrapu Narasimha Rao
Lebanon (2009 film)	director	Samuel Maoz
Girls in Distress	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
The Comedians (1941 film)	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
New Moon (1930 film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Paracelsus (film)	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
The Trial (1948 film)	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Poran Jaye Jolia Re	director	Rabi Kinagi
Mysterious Shadows	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Under the Boardwalk (film)	director	Fritz Kiersch
Voice of Silence	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Cose da pazzi	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
The Confession of Ina Kahr	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
The Last Ten Days	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Ballerina (1956 film)	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Through the Forests and Through the Trees	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Die geheimnisvolle Villa	director	Joe May
A Night of Horror	director	Richard Oswald
A Night of Horror	director	Arthur Robison
Tales of Hoffman (film)	director	Richard Oswald
The Last Hunter	director	Antonio Margheriti
Ganesh Just Ganesh	director	Saravanan
I Hate Frasier Crane (Frasier episode)	director	James Burrows
Get Low (film)	director	Aaron Schneider
My Name is Tanino	director	Paolo Virzì
Woman Times Seven	director	Vittorio De Sica
A Dangerous Woman (1929 film)	director	Gerald Grove
A Dangerous Woman (1929 film)	director	Rowland V. Lee
Mango Soufflé	director	Mahesh Dattani
Wedding Rehearsal	director	Alexander Korda
Rope Cosmetology	director	Shōgorō Nishimura
Sarangadhara    1	director	P. Pullaiah
The Forest (2009 film)	director	Ashvin Kumar
My Boy Jack (film)	director	Brian Kirk
Empress Vampire	director	Phil Condit (director)
Beyond Here Lies Nothin' (True Blood)	director	Michael Cuesta
Close Harmony (1929 film)	director	John Cromwell (director)
Close Harmony (1929 film)	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Too Much Harmony	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Maharashtra Institute of Medical Science and Research, Latur	director	Ramesh Karad
Saw 3D	director	Kevin Greutert
Rabbit Hole (film)	director	John Cameron Mitchell
Ondu Muttina Kathe	director	Shankar Nag
Pra Frente, Brasil	director	Roberto Farias
The Revolutionary	director	Paul Williams (director)
Chengdu, I Love You	director	Cui Jian
Chengdu, I Love You	director	Fruit Chan
Chengdu, I Love You	director	Heo Jin-ho
Cyanide (film)	director	A.M.R.Ramesh
Tomorrow (1972 film)	director	Joseph Anthony
Goyband	director	Christopher Grimm
Rope Hell	director	Kōyū Ohara
Colt 38 Special Squad	director	Massimo Dallamano
Rebound (2009 film)	director	Afdhere Jama
Aayushkalam	director	Kamal (director)
Before Born	director	Zhang Ming
Bobbili Yuddham	director	C. Seetaram
The Way Through the Woods (TV)	director	John Madden
Geliebte Hochstaplerin	director	Ákos Ráthonyi
The Peking Medallion	director	James Hill
The Peking Medallion	director	Frank Winterstein
Justice League: Crisis on Two Earths	director	Lauren Montgomery
Justice League: Crisis on Two Earths	director	Sam Liu
The Invincible Six	director	Jean Negulesco
Freeway (1988 film)	director	Francis Delia
My Sex Life... or How I Got Into an Argument	director	Arnaud Desplechin
Joysticks (film)	director	Greydon Clark
Red Dawn (2011 film)	director	Dan Bradley
Zone Troopers	director	Danny Bilson
Warlords of the 21st Century	director	Harley Cokliss
The Great Bank Robbery	director	Hy Averback
After It Happened	director	Mimi Leder
Oryu's Passion: Bondage Skin	director	Katsuhiko Fujii
Janumada Jodi	director	T. S. Nagabharana
Chigurida Kanasu	director	T. S. Nagabharana
ANU College of Physical & Mathematical Sciences	director	Aidan Byrne
Tomodachi Collection	director	Ryutaro Takahashi
Nidhiyude Katha	director	Vijayakrishnan
Why Bring That Up?	director	George Abbott
La pica sul Pacifico	director	Roberto Bianchi Montero
Freetime Machos	director	Mika Ronkainen
Paranormal Activity	director	Oren Peli
The Second Time (film)	director	Mimmo Calopresti
Bedroom Eyes (film)	director	William Fruet
Love Child (film)	director	Larry Peerce
Rajdrohi	director	Tapan Banerjee
The Dunwich Horror (film)	director	Daniel Haller
Noonbory and the Super Seven	director	Laura Shepherd
Troubled Water	director	Erik Poppe
Payroll (film)	director	Sidney Hayers
Sköna juveler	director	Hans Iveberg
Ink (Heroes)	director	Roxann Dawson
Female Cats (film)	director	Shingo Yamashiro
Oh, For a Man!	director	Hamilton MacFadden
Saudagar (1973 film)	director	Sudhendu Roy
They Learned About Women	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
They Learned About Women	director	Sam Wood
The Errand of Angels	director	Christian Vuissa
Fairy in a Cage	director	Kōyū Ohara
The Cosmonaut	director	Nicolás Alcalá
Acafellas	director	John Stuart Scott
Sweet Kill	director	Curtis Hanson
Mac (film)	director	John Turturro
Next of Kin (1982 film)	director	Tony Williams
Gambling City	director	Sergio Martino
The Goree Girls	director	Michael Sucsy
Life Begins at Forty (1935 film)	director	George Marshall (director)
The Blue Mansion	director	Glen Goei
Let's Go Native	director	Leo McCarey
Dark Arc	director	Dan Zukovic
Hereafter (film)	director	Clint Eastwood
Sri Sri Sri Maryada Ramanna	director	K. Hemambharadhara Rao
Brandos Costumes	director	Alberto Seixas Santos
Basque Center for Applied Mathematics	director	Enrique Zuazua
Guns and Roses (Numb3rs)	director	Stephen Gyllenhaal
Lala's Gun	director	Ning Jingwu
What Kate Does	director	Paul A. Edwards
Drohi (1948 film)	director	L. V. Prasad
Of Unknown Origin	director	George P. Cosmatos
Thieves (film)	director	André Téchiné
The Daughters of Cain (TV)	director	Herbert Wise
The Beloved (1970 film)	director	George P. Cosmatos
Idhayam (film)	director	Kathir
Too Late (1996 film)	director	Lucian Pintilie
The Cult (TV series)	director	Peter Burger
The Cult (TV series)	director	Charlie Haskell
The Cult (TV series)	director	Michael Duignan (director)
Hats Off (2008 film)	director	Jyll Johnstone
Almost Human (film)	director	Umberto Lenzi
The Vagabond Lover	director	Marshall Neilan
The Quiet Room	director	Rolf de Heer
Vanished (2009 film)	director	Tom Som
Vairam: Fight For Justice	director	M. A. Nishad
Mahamantri Timmarusu (film)	director	Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao
Traveling Companion	director	Peter Del Monte
At Full Gallop	director	Krzysztof Zanussi
Retreat Through the Wet Wasteland	director	Yukihiro Sawada
Few of Us	director	Šarūnas Bartas
A Yank in Libya	director	Albert Herman
Bruce Lee: The Lost Interview	director	Michael Rothery
Mr. Boggs Steps Out	director	Gordon Wiles
The Dude Bandit	director	George Melford
Love Bound	director	Robert F. Hill
The Contender (1944 film)	director	Sam Newfield
Newlywed Hell	director	Akira Katō
Eierdiebe	director	Robert Schwentke
The Cemetery Club	director	Bill Duke
Cover (film)	director	Bill Duke
Underground (1941 film)	director	Vincent Sherman
Road, Movie	director	Dev Benegal
Pawnee Zoo	director	Paul Feig
Office Lady Rope Slave	director	Katsuhiko Fujii
Fourbi	director	Alain Tanner
Haifa (film)	director	Rashid Masharawi
La Bouche de Jean-Pierre	director	Lucile Hadžihalilović
Lulu (1996 film)	director	Srinivas Krishna
Mossane	director	Safi Faye
Worst Case Scenario (film)	director	Richard Raaphorst
A Saturday on Earth	director	Diane Bertrand
America (1924 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Opening Day of Close-Up	director	Nanni Moretti
The Elective Affinities	director	Paolo and Vittorio Taviani
Assassin(s)	director	Mathieu Kassovitz
Everything's on Ice	director	Erle C. Kenton
Honor of the Range	director	Alan James
Road to Salina	director	Georges Lautner
The Mysterious Rider (1938 film)	director	Lesley Selander
Lady Gangster	director	Robert Florey
Symphony of Living	director	Frank R. Strayer
Robinson Crusoe (1927 film)	director	M.A. Wetherell
Clipped Wings (1937 film)	director	Stuart Paton
Outlaws' Paradise	director	Sam Newfield
Night Alarm	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Stone Bros.	director	Richard Frankland
Beastmaster 2: Through the Portal of Time	director	Sylvio Tabet
In Heaven There Is No Beer? (1984)	director	Les Blank
Ichijo's Wet Lust	director	Tatsumi Kumashiro
Bōshi (TV drama)	director	Hiroshi Kurosaki
The Republic of Love	director	Deepa Mehta
Das Herz der Königin	director	Carl Froelich
Russian Cultural Centre (London)	director	Julian Gallant
The Crazy World of Julius Vrooder	director	Arthur Hiller
Brian's Got a Brand New Bag	director	Pete Michels
Stranglehold (Ghost Whisperer)	director	Eric Laneuville
The Prince of Homburg (film)	director	Marco Bellocchio
A More Perfect Union (film)	director	Peter N. Johnson
More Dead Than Alive	director	Robert Sparr
Rain (1929 film)	director	Mannus Franken
Rain (1929 film)	director	Joris Ivens
Acceptance (Heroes)	director	Christopher Misiano
The Girl Who Had Everything	director	Richard Thorpe
La Bidonata	director	Luciano Ercoli
The Tale of Zatoichi (1962 film)	director	Kenji Misumi
Peck's Bad Boy with the Circus	director	Edward F. Cline
Harmony Lane	director	Joseph Santley
Kaya Kong Abutin Ang Langit	director	Topel Lee
Broken (House)	director	Katie Jacobs
Jay Hind!	director	Abhigyan Jha
Cigarette Girl	director	Mike McCarthy (film director)
University of Virginia Center for Politics	director	Larry Sabato
The Banned Woman	director	Philippe Harel
Equinox (1992 film)	director	Alan Rudolph
Breaking the Ice (1938 film)	director	Edward F. Cline
Definitions (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Death Is Now My Neighbour (TV)	director	Charles Beeson (director)
Letters to God	director	David Nixon
John Safran's Race Relations	director	Craig Melville
Panic Beats	director	Paul Naschy
What a Wonderful Place	director	Eyal Halfon
Big Dreams and Broken Hearts: The Dottie West Story	director	Bill D'Elia
Cromartie High – The Movie	director	Yūdai Yamaguchi
Red Alert: The War Within	director	Anant Mahadevan
Cutbacks (30 Rock)	director	Gail Mancuso
Did You Hear About the Morgans?	director	Marc Lawrence (filmmaker)
Yuga Purusha	director	D.Rajendra babu
Ekangi	director	V. Ravichandran
The Substitute (Lost)	director	Tucker Gates
Bandhana	director	S.V.Rajendra Singh Babu
Das Mädchen und der Staatsanwalt	director	Jürgen Goslar
Himmelsheim	director	Manfred Stelzer
Pronto ad uccidere	director	Franco Prosperi
Der Stein des Todes	director	Franz Josef Gottlieb
Femmine di lusso	director	Giorgio Bianchi
White Pongo	director	Sam Newfield
Riot Squad (film)	director	Harry S. Webb
I Take This Oath	director	Sam Newfield
Cairo Time	director	Ruba Nadda
Dr. Christian Meets the Women	director	William C. McGann
Let's Sing Again	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
Roaring Roads	director	Charles E. Roberts
Spies Reminiscent of Us	director	Cyndi Tang
The Stoker (film)	director	Chester M. Franklin
Gangsters of the Frontier	director	Elmer Clifton
The Racketeer	director	Howard Higgin
Lumberjack (film)	director	Lesley Selander
The Singing Cowgirl	director	Samuel Diege
Law of the Rio Grande	director	Forrest Sheldon
Underground Rustlers	director	S. Roy Luby
Song of the Gringo	director	John P. McCarthy
The Red Blood of Courage	director	John English (director)
Don't Walk on the Grass	director	David Grossman (director)
Everybody Ought to Have a Maid	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Ballad of a Gunman	director	Alfio Caltabiano
Aenigma (film)	director	Lucio Fulci
Geedka nolosha	director	Abdulkadir Ahmed Said
Phobia 2	director	Paween Purijitpanya
Phobia 2	director	Visute Poolvoralaks
Phobia 2	director	Songyos Sugmakanan
Phobia 2	director	Parkpoom Wongpoom
Phobia 2	director	Banjong Pisanthanakun
Is Everybody Happy? (1943 film)	director	Charles Barton
The Kate Logan Affair	director	Noël Mitrani
Dollman (film)	director	Albert Pyun
Le Duel	director	Pierre Fresnay
The Bandolero	director	Tom Terriss
The Great Divide (1925 film)	director	Reginald Barker
Chance Pe Dance	director	Ken Ghosh
The Butterfly Effect Part 1	director	Victor Neili, Jr.
The Dixie Handicap	director	Reginald Barker
Hacks (1997 film)	director	Rosenshontz
The Beauty Prize (film)	director	Lloyd Ingraham
The Silent Accuser	director	Chester M. Franklin
The Firm (2009 film)	director	Nick Love
Gruber's Journey	director	Radu Gabrea
Sinners in Silk	director	Hobart Henley
Bread (1924 film)	director	Victor Schertzinger
Highball (film)	director	Noah Baumbach
The Snob (1924 film)	director	Monta Bell
Lights of Old Broadway	director	Monta Bell
I Kissed a Vampire	director	Chris Sean Nolan
Don't Bother to Knock (1961 film)	director	Cyril Frankel
Despina Vandi Karaoke Vol.1	director	Kostas Kapetanidis
Held for Ransom (1938 film)	director	Clarence Bricker
Daring Game (film)	director	László Benedek
Peck's Bad Boy (1934 film)	director	Edward F. Cline
Barbed Wire (1927 film)	director	Rowland V. Lee
Barbed Wire (1927 film)	director	Mauritz Stiller
La Valentina (1966 film)	director	Rogelio A. González
Uncertainty Principle (Numb3rs)	director	Davis Guggenheim
Bitter Victory	director	Nicholas Ray
Megafault	director	The Asylum
The Promotion (The Office)	director	Jennifer Celotta
Opened by Mistake	director	George Archainbaud
Captured!	director	Roy Del Ruth
La Vispa Teresa	director	Roberto Rossellini
La Conchiglia	director	Abdulkadir Ahmed Said
Meet Mr. McNutley	director	Charles Barton
Meet Mr. McNutley	director	Ted Post
Khastegi	director	Bahman Motamedian
Womb (film)	director	Benedek Fliegauf
Perfect Sense	director	David Mackenzie (director)
Double Dare (play)	director	John Mackenzie (director)
Iti Mrinalini	director	Aparna Sen
Niagara (The Office)	director	Paul Feig
Waiting for Fidel	director	Michael Rubbo
MAD Secret Concerts: Despina Vandi Live	director	Kostas Kapetanidis
Delirium (1987 film)	director	Lamberto Bava
Ladies of Leisure	director	Frank Capra
Sahara (1958 film)	director	Lekhraj Bhakri
12 Storeys	director	Eric Khoo
A, B, C... Manhattan	director	Amir Naderi
Akrebin Yolculuğu	director	Ömer Kavur
Rubbish, King of the Jumble	director	Mark Taylor (television)
Morris: A Life with Bells On	director	Lucy Akhurst
Thiru Thiru Thuru Thuru	director	J. S. Nandhini
Chirag Kahan Roshni Kahan	director	Devendra Goel
The Traveling Executioner	director	Jack Smight
Burlesque (film)	director	Steve Antin
Arizona Heat (1988 film)	director	John G. Thomas
Naked Seven	director	Yasuharu Hasebe
Bluebeard (1972 film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Midnight Menace	director	Sinclair Hill
The Wolf Woman	director	Raymond B. West
The Scourge of the Desert	director	William S. Hart
The Coward (1915 film)	director	Reginald Barker
Dynamite Smith	director	Ralph Ince
If Marriage Fails	director	John Ince
Vows (Dollhouse)	director	Joss Whedon
Vettaikaaran (2009 film)	director	B. Babusivan
Main Chup Rahungi	director	A. Bhimsingh
Gudia (film)	director	Gautam Ghose
Don't (1925 film)	director	Alfred J. Goulding
The White Desert	director	Reginald Barker
The Devil's Circus	director	Benjamin Christensen
Zander the Great	director	George W. Hill
The Sporting Venus	director	Marshall Neilan
Bright Lights (1925 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Rechipo	director	Parachuri Murali
Yellowknife (film)	director	Rodrigue Jean
Inside/Out (film)	director	Rob Tregenza
B.O.B.'s Big Break	director	Robert Porter
Full Blast (1999 film)	director	Rodrigue Jean
Wind Echoing in My Being	director	Jeon Soo-il
Lost Song	director	Rodrigue Jean
His Brother's Ghost	director	Sam Newfield
Men for Sale	director	Rodrigue Jean
Devil Riders	director	Sam Newfield
The Lady of Red Butte	director	Victor Schertzinger
Living on the Edge (film)	director	Rodrigue Jean
La cruz (film)	director	Alejandro Agresti
Black Swan (film)	director	Darren Aronofsky
Absolute 100	director	Srdan Golubović
Murder on Lenox Avenue	director	Arthur Dreifuss
Timber Queen (1944 film)	director	Frank McDonald
Gangster's Boy	director	William Nigh
Defenders of Riga	director	Aigars Grauba
Reet, Petite, and Gone	director	William Forest Crouch
I'll Give My Life	director	William F. Claxton
Kentucky Blue Streak	director	Bernard B. Ray
Wagon Tracks	director	Lambert Hillyer
Mustang Country	director	John C. Champion
Haunting Sarah	director	Ralph Hemecker
Hearts in Exile (1915 film)	director	James Young
Navy Born	director	Nate Watt
Paper Bullets	director	Phil Rosen
Follow Your Heart (1936 film)	director	Aubrey Scotto
The Fighting Renegade	director	Sam Newfield
Tiger (2007 film)	director	Swapan Saha
Do-Over	director	Don Scardino
A Successful Failure	director	Arthur Lubin
Anna-Liisa	director	Teuvo Puro
Anna-Liisa	director	Jussi Snellman
The Way of the West	director	Robert Emmett Tansey
The President's Mystery	director	Phil Rosen
The Co-Optimists (film)	director	Edwin Greenwood
Eagles Over London	director	Enzo G. Castellari
Cheap Kisses	director	John Ince
Cheap Kisses	director	Cullen Tate
Scared to Death (1981 film)	director	William Malone (director)
Peace, Love & Understanding (Beavis and Butt-head)	director	Mike Judge
Naughty, Naughty	director	Jerome Storm
The Green Swamp	director	Scott Sidney
The Corner (1916 film)	director	Walter Edwards
The Return of Draw Egan	director	William S. Hart
Shell 43	director	Reginald Barker
Happiness (1917 film)	director	Reginald Barker
Branding Broadway	director	William S. Hart
L'affaire Farewell	director	Christian Carion
Ūdensbumba resnajam runcim	director	Varis Brasla
Marcello Mastroianni: I Remember	director	Anna Maria Tatò
Viol à la tire	director	Noël Mitrani
Where Adam Stood	director	Brian Gibson (director)
Britannia of Billingsgate	director	Sinclair Hill
They Meet Again	director	Erle C. Kenton
The House (1997 film)	director	Šarūnas Bartas
The Witman Boys	director	János Szász
Air (Stargate Universe)	director	Andy Mikita
Green Hat	director	Liu Fendou
Man and Maid	director	Victor Schertzinger
Shagird	director	Samir Ganguly
Star Reporter	director	Howard Bretherton
Sun-Up	director	Edmund Goulding
Loaded Pistols	director	John English (director)
The Great Love (1925 film)	director	Marshall Neilan
Roar of the Press	director	Phil Rosen
The Tower of Lies	director	Victor Sjöström
Dance Madness	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Mistrial (1996 film)	director	Heywood Gould
The Way of a Girl	director	Robert G. Vignola
Exchange of Wives	director	Hobart Henley
Double Bang	director	Heywood Gould
Destiny (1997 film)	director	Youssef Chahine
Le Masque de fer	director	Henri Decoin
Men of Israel	director	Michael Lucas (director)
The Ghost of Munich	director	Miloš Forman
Zombie Night 2: Awakening	director	David J. Francis
French Postcards	director	Willard Huyck
La Piscine (film)	director	Jacques Deray
Taste of Kerala	director	Divya Kalesh
Corazón salvaje (2009 TV series)	director	Jorge Edgar Ramirex
Corazón salvaje (2009 TV series)	director	Salvador Garcini
Endangered Species (1982 film)	director	Alan Rudolph
Lusty Sisters	director	Chūsei Sone
Seven Thunders (film)	director	Hugo Fregonese
Kotreshi Kanasu	director	Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar
Hoomale	director	Nagathihalli Chandrashekhar
Holy Rollers	director	Kevin Asch
I Am My Own Woman	director	Rosa von Praunheim
The Wench is Dead (TV)	director	Robert Knights
Hungry Beast	director	Aaron Smith
Hungry Beast	director	Ali Russell
Manasaare	director	Yograj Bhat
School for Lovers (2006 film)	director	Lucas Kazan
The Golden Claw	director	Reginald Barker
Claire Dolan	director	Lodge Kerrigan
A Marine Story	director	Ned Farr
Epic Fail (House)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Sahara (1919 film)	director	Arthur Rosson
The Wheel (Law & Order)	director	Richard Dobbs
Preggers	director	Brad Falchuk
Blowing Wild	director	Hugo Fregonese
Diwana (1968 film)	director	Mahesh Kaul
Home Time	director	Christine Gernon
Dulcy (1923 film)	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
Chirag	director	Raj Khosla
Convoy Busters	director	Stelvio Massi
Rabbit, Run (film)	director	Jack Smight
The Yankee Clipper (1927 film)	director	Rupert Julian
Songs and Saddles	director	Harry L. Fraser
American Yakuza	director	Frank Cappello
Rang Birangi	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
Anjaana Anjaani	director	Siddharth Anand
Apolinar (film)	director	Julio Castillo (director)
A Summer Evening with Floating di Morel	director	Dietmar Post
A Summer Evening with Floating di Morel	director	Lucia Palacios
Doc Schoko: Oktopus im Pentagramm	director	Dietmar Post
Doc Schoko: Oktopus im Pentagramm	director	Lucia Palacios
Double Date (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Safar (film)	director	Asit Sen (director)
The Crimson Wing: Mystery of the Flamingos	director	Matthew Aeberhard
The Crimson Wing: Mystery of the Flamingos	director	Leander Ward
Shake, Rattle & Rock! (1956 film)	director	Edward L. Cahn
Careful the Things You Say	director	Bethany Rooney
W.W. and the Dixie Dancekings	director	John G. Avildsen
Dance Me to My Song	director	Rolf de Heer
The Naked Face (film)	director	Bryan Forbes
The Wild and Wonderful Whites of West Virginia	director	Julien Nitzberg
Under the Skin (film)	director	Carine Adler
Cargo (2009 film)	director	Ivan Engler (director)
Lolly-Madonna XXX	director	Richard C. Sarafian
Cowboy Counsellor	director	George Melford
The Beat (1988 film)	director	Paul Mones
Rafferty and the Gold Dust Twins	director	Dick Richards
Trancers 4: Jack of Swords	director	David Nutter
Trancers 5: Sudden Deth	director	David Nutter
Conquest (1998 film)	director	Piers Haggard
Trip to Vienna	director	Edgar Reitz
The Secret in Their Eyes	director	Juan J. Campanella
Maryada Ramanna	director	S. S. Rajamouli
Wedding Daze (2004 film)	director	Georg Stanford Brown
Return with Honor	director	Freida Lee Mock
Return with Honor	director	Terry Sanders
A Congregation of Ghosts	director	Mark Collicott
The Strangler	director	Burt Topper
Angshumaner Chhobi	director	Atanu Ghosh
Der alte und der junge König	director	Hans Steinhoff
Babang Luksa	director	Erik Matti
The School of Flesh	director	Benoît Jacquot
Nice Shootin' Cowboy	director	Ben Phelps
The Law Rides	director	Robert N. Bradbury
Arson, Inc.	director	William A. Berke
Trouble at Melody Mesa	director	W. Merle Connell
Steel Frontier	director	Jacobsen Hart
Steel Frontier	director	Paul G. Volk
Bloom (film)	director	Sean Walsh
The Rhodes Not Taken	director	John Stuart Scott
Blume in Love	director	Paul Mazursky
2B (film)	director	Richard Kroehling
Banzai Runner	director	John G. Thomas
Maanja Velu	director	A. Venkatesh (director)
Nice Bombs	director	Usama Alshaibi
Om (Kannada film)	director	Upendra
Healer (film)	director	John G. Thomas
Mukhaputa	director	Roopa Iyer
The Forgotten District	director	Oliver Dickinson
Super Rhino	director	Nathan Greno
Al Fondo Hay Sitio	director	Toño Vega
Worth Winning	director	Will Mackenzie
Nagsimula sa Puso	director	Ruel S. Bayani
When the Boys Meet the Girls	director	Alvin Ganzer
The Summertime Killer	director	Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi
Coed Report: Yuko's White Breasts	director	Yukihiko Kondo
Vesham	director	V. M. Vinu
Aparichithan	director	Sanjeev Sivan
Roudram	director	Renji Panicker
Helen's Babies (film)	director	William A. Seiter
Funny About Love	director	Leonard Nimoy
Loudspeaker (film)	director	Jayaraj
Brazil (1944 film)	director	Joseph Santley
Harto The Borges	director	Eduardo Montes-Bradley
Tickling Leo	director	Jeremy Davidson (actor)
For Sale (film)	director	Laetitia Masson
Dear J (film)	director	Roberto Muñoz (producer)
Hamal 18	director	John G. Thomas
Hard Time Romance	director	John Lee Hancock
The Invader (1997 film)	director	Mark Rosman
Samba On Your Feet	director	Eduardo Montes-Bradley
Che: Rise & Fall	director	Eduardo Montes-Bradley
Female Ninja Magic: 100 Trampled Flowers	director	Chūsei Sone
Pilot (Cougar Town)	director	Bill Lawrence (producer)
Game (2011 film)	director	Abhinay Deo
Tell Me I'm Dreaming	director	Claude Mouriéras
El evangelio de las maravillas	director	Arturo Ripstein
A State of Vine (film)	director	Don Scioli
Louise (Take 2)	director	Siegfried (director)
River of Gold	director	Paulo Rocha
Places in Cities	director	Angela Schanelec
The Lieutenant Wore Skirts	director	Frank Tashlin
Passion (1998 film)	director	György Fehér
The Dance of Life	director	John Cromwell (director)
The Dance of Life	director	A. Edward Sutherland
No More Good Days	director	David S. Goyer
Brave Heart	director	Matt Shakman
Rehearsals for War	director	Mario Martone
The Shoe (film)	director	Laila Pakalniņa
Hunting Venus	director	Martin Clunes
Strangers Kiss	director	Matthew Chapman
The Playboys	director	Gillies MacKinnon
Hussy	director	Matthew Chapman
Museum of Contemporary Art of Rome	director	Luca Massimo Barbero
The Korean Wedding Chest	director	Ulrike Ottinger
Venice/Venice	director	Henry Jaglom
Eating (film)	director	Henry Jaglom
Quo Vadis, Baby?	director	Gabriele Salvatores
Chestnut: Hero of Central Park	director	Robert Vince
Marrakech Express	director	Gabriele Salvatores
Limuzīns Jāņu nakts krāsā	director	Jānis Streičs
Kizhakku Vasal	director	R. V. Udayakumar
August 32nd on Earth	director	Denis Villeneuve
Hannah Banana	director	John Holmquist
Cruel Restaurant	director	Koji Kawano
Ghar (film)	director	Manik Chatterjee
Daddy's Gone A-Hunting	director	Frank Borzage
Confessions of a Queen	director	Victor Sjöström
Anxiety (film)	director	Manoel de Oliveira
The Denial	director	Hobart Henley
Footloose (2011 film)	director	Craig Brewer
The Auction Block	director	Hobart Henley
The Circle (1925 film)	director	Frank Borzage
Time, the Comedian	director	Robert Z. Leonard
His Secretary	director	Hobart Henley
Evita (The Documentary)	director	Eduardo Montes-Bradley
War Paint (1926 film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Mike (film)	director	Marshall Neilan
Soriano (1999 film)	director	Eduardo Montes-Bradley
Exquisite Sinner	director	Josef von Sternberg
Exquisite Sinner	director	Phil Rosen
Monte Carlo (1926 film)	director	Christy Cabanne
The Gay Deceiver	director	John M. Stahl
Tales of Kish	director	Abolfazl Jalili
Tales of Kish	director	Mohsen Makhmalbaf
Tales of Kish	director	Nasser Taghvai
Love's Blindness	director	John Francis Dillon (director)
Darkness (Stargate Universe)	director	Peter DeLuise
Faith (Stargate Universe)	director	Will Waring
Human (Stargate Universe)	director	Robert C. Cooper
Sabotage (Stargate Universe)	director	Peter DeLuise
Destination: Imagination	director	Craig McCracken
Destination: Imagination	director	Rob Renzetti
Fire Bay	director	Randall Fried
Watcher in the Attic	director	Noboru Tanaka
Rogues' Gallery (1944 film)	director	Albert Herman
Tomorrow's Youth	director	Charles Lamont
Law of the Timber	director	Bernard B. Ray
High Gear (1933 film)	director	Leigh Jason
Speed Devils (1935 film)	director	Joseph Henabery
The Fighting Men	director	Camillo Mastrocinque
The Fighting Men	director	Roberto Savarese
The Fire Brigade	director	William Nigh
The Healer (film)	director	Reginald Barker
The Flaming Forest	director	Reginald Barker
Money Talks (1926 film)	director	Archie Mayo
The Valley of Hell (film)	director	Clifford Smith (director)
The Desert's Toll	director	Clifford Smith (director)
Marco Polo Junior Versus the Red Dragon	director	Eric Porter (animator)
A Certain Young Man	director	Hobart Henley
A Certain Young Man	director	Edmund Goulding
The Boy Friend (1926 film)	director	Monta Bell
The Waning Sex	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Upstage (film)	director	Monta Bell
Tin Hats	director	Edward Sedgwick
Doctor in Love	director	Ralph Thomas
Farrington of the F.O.	director	Ronnie Baxter (television producer)
Farrington of the F.O.	director	Don Clayton
Wicked (1931 film)	director	Allan Dwan
Willie & Phil	director	Paul Mazursky
Exit Smiling	director	Sam Taylor (director)
Altars of Desire	director	Christy Cabanne
Vartha	director	I. V. Sasi
Rabbit Fever (2009 film)	director	Amy Do
Lovey Mary	director	King Baggot
Pulival Kalyanam	director	Shafi'i
The Demi-Bride	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Blarney (film)	director	Marcel De Sano
There You Are!	director	Edward Sedgwick
The Garden of Allah (1927 film)	director	Rex Ingram (director)
Follow the Yellow Brick Road	director	Alan Bridges
Kiladi Jodi	director	S.V.Rajendra Singh Babu
Makkala Sainya	director	Lakshmi
Becky (film)	director	John P. McCarthy
Hagalu Vesha	director	Baraguru Ramachandrappa
Bannada Gejje	director	S.V.Rajendra Singh Babu
After Midnight (1927 film)	director	Monta Bell
Kallarali Hoovagi	director	T. S. Nagabharana
The Road to Romance	director	John S. Robertson
Love Exposure	director	Sion Sono
Rose-Marie (1928 film)	director	Lucien Hubbard
Duniya (2007 film)	director	Duniya Soori
Robin 101	director	Pamela Fryman
Random Hearts	director	Sydney Pollack
The Viking (1931 film)	director	George Melford
Khaleja	director	Trivikram Srinivas
Once a Thief (1965 film)	director	Ralph Nelson
The Temptation of St. Tony	director	Veiko Õunpuu
Knight and Day	director	James Mangold
The Kiss (1929 film)	director	Jacques Feyder
A Woman of Affairs	director	Clarence Brown
The Single Standard	director	John S. Robertson
Wild Orchids (1929 film)	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
Maria's Lovers	director	Andrei Konchalovsky
A Quiet Little Marriage	director	Mo Perkins
Moby Presents: Alien Sex Party	director	Paul Yates
Anmol Ghadi	director	Mehboob Khan
Out of the Blue (1947 film)	director	Leigh Jason
Ifa gallery	director	Alexis Kouzmine-Karavaïeff
The Tree (2010 film)	director	Julie Bertuccelli
Just Math Mathalli	director	Sudeep
D.C. Sniper	director	Ulli Lommel
The Five Days	director	Dario Argento
The Nanny (1999 film)	director	Marco Bellocchio
13 jours en France	director	Claude Lelouch
13 jours en France	director	François Reichenbach
Gun Shy (film)	director	Eric Blakeney
The Door to Silence	director	Lucio Fulci
Series 4, Episode 8 (Cold Feet)	director	Ciaran Donnelly (director)
40 Pounds of Trouble	director	Norman Jewison
Despoinis eton 39	director	Alekos Sakellarios
Anametrisi	director	Giorgos Karypidis
Oru Minnaminunginte Nurunguvettam	director	Bharathan
Kandam Bacha Kotte	director	T. R. Sundaram
A (1998 Japanese film)	director	Tatsuya Mori
Hot for Paris	director	Raoul Walsh
Kaliyattam	director	Jayaraj
Navagraha (film)	director	Dinakar
Contact (animated short film)	director	Vladimir Tarasov
A Lesson of Belarusian	director	Miroslaw Dembinski
Get Thrashed	director	Rick Ernst
I'll Get You for This	director	Joseph M. Newman
Valemont	director	Stefan Scaini
Our Happy Lives	director	Jacques Maillot
Tribute This!	director	Mick McCleery
Manu Uncle	director	Dennis Joseph
The One and Only (1978 film)	director	Carl Reiner
Lalon (film)	director	Tanvir Mokammel
Brindavanam	director	Vamsi Paidipally
I'll Take Sweden	director	Frederick de Cordova
Renegade Girl	director	William A. Berke
Pensionat Paradiset	director	Weyler Hildebrand
Resurrection (1960 film)	director	Mikhail Schweitzer
Chandranudikkunna Dikhil	director	Lal Jose
Njan Gandharvan	director	Padmarajan
Is Raat Ki Subah Nahin	director	Sudhir Mishra
G'olé!	director	Tom Clegg (director)
The Altruist	director	Mick McCleery
Mayavi (film)	director	Shafi (director)
Love Will Tear Us Apart (film)	director	Yu Lik-wai
As Bodas de Deus	director	João César Monteiro
Vitamin D (Glee)	director	Elodie Keene
El capo	director	Riccardo Gabrielli R.
El capo	director	Lilo Vilaplana
The Princess and the Pea (2002 film)	director	Mark Swan
Romantically Challenged	director	James Burrows
Lucinda's Spell	director	Jon Jacobs (actor)
Soul Man (TV series)	director	Peter Bonerz
Soul Man (TV series)	director	Gil Junger
Soul Man (TV series)	director	John Pasquin
Soul Man (TV series)	director	Will Mackenzie
Soul Man (TV series)	director	Don Scardino
Soul Man (TV series)	director	Andrew Tsao
Soul Man (TV series)	director	Ted Wass (actor)
Predators (film)	director	Nimród Antal
Electric Dreams (TV series)	director	Stuart Elliott
Electric Dreams (TV series)	director	Peter Sweasey
Micro Men	director	Saul Metzstein
Love Is a Funny Thing	director	Claude Lelouch
Kaizokuban Bootleg Film	director	Kobayashi Masahiro
The Other (1999 film)	director	Youssef Chahine
The Effect of Gamma Rays on Man-in-the-Moon Marigolds (film)	director	Paul Newman
Harem Suare	director	Ferzan Özpetek
Chalisuva Modagalu	director	Singeetham Srinivasa rao
Bettada Hoovu	director	N. Lakshminarayan
Beloved Infidel (Frasier)	director	Andy Ackerman
Woke Up Dead	director	Tim O'Donnell (director)
Baat Ek Raat Ki	director	Shankar Mukherjee
Judas (film)	director	Charles Robert Carner
Store Wars (Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends)	director	Craig McCracken
Ice Queen (film)	director	Neil Kinsella
Judy Berlin	director	Eric Mendelsohn
Genesis (1999 film)	director	Cheick Oumar Sissoko
The Passengers (1999 film)	director	Jean-Claude Guiguet
Marana Simhasanam	director	Murali Nair
Attention bandits!	director	Claude Lelouch
Fox (film)	director	Deepak Tijori
Nadia and the Hippos	director	Dominique Cabrera
New Dawn (film)	director	Émilie Deleuze
The Human Centipede (First Sequence)	director	Tom Six
The Law of 45's	director	John P. McCarthy
Beggars in Ermine	director	Phil Rosen
The Local Bad Man	director	Otto Brower
Spoilers of the North	director	Richard Sale (director)
The Personals (1998 Taiwanese film)	director	Chen Kuo-Fu
Rogue of the Range	director	S. Roy Luby
O atsidas	director	Giannis Dalianidis
Roamin' Wild	director	Bernard B. Ray
Slander House	director	Charles Lamont
Klondike (1932 film)	director	Phil Rosen
Here's Flash Casey	director	Lynn Shores
Gia mia choufta Touristries	director	Errikos Thalassinos
Taqwacore (film)	director	Omar Majeed
Red Lights Ahead	director	Roland D. Reed
Fighting Trooper	director	Ray Taylor (director)
Born to Gamble	director	Phil Rosen
The Loudspeaker	director	Joseph Santley
Heroes in Blue	director	William Watson
Range Warfare	director	S. Roy Luby
Red Salute	director	Sidney Lanfield
Albert Pinto Ko Gussa Kyon Aata Hai	director	Saeed Akhtar Mirza
Sappy Birthday	director	Harry Edwards (director)
Jacaré (film)	director	Charles E. Ford
Antoine (film)	director	Laura Bari
Went to Coney Island on a Mission from God... Be Back by Five	director	Richard Schenkman
Edith's 50th Birthday	director	Paul Bogart
Hard Contract	director	S. Lee Pogostin
The Coffee Cup	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Guru Sishyan (2010 film)	director	Sakthi Chidambaram
The Hoosier Schoolmaster (1935 film)	director	Lewis D. Collins
Jaganmohini (2009 film)	director	N. K. Vishwanathan
The Great Mike	director	Wallace Fox
Copper Angel (film)	director	Veniamyn Dorman
Chinnari Mutha	director	T. S. Nagabharana
Singaaravva	director	T. S. Nagabharana
Oops (Frasier episode)	director	James Burrows
Minchina ota	director	Shankar Nag
Daag: The Fire	director	Raj Kanwar
Farewell, Home Sweet Home	director	Otar Iosseliani
All Costs Paid (film)	director	Aleksei Saltykov
The City Hall (TV series)	director	Shin Woo Chul
The Lost Continent (1968 film)	director	Michael Carreras
Turbulence (2000 film)	director	Ruy Guerra
The Animal Kingdom	director	Edward H. Griffith
The Animal Kingdom	director	George Cukor
The Boss of Big Town	director	Arthur Dreifuss
Prairie Pals	director	Sam Newfield
Trigger Pals	director	Sam Newfield
Souten: The Other Woman	director	Karan Razdan
The Phantom of the Range	director	Robert F. Hill
The Miracle Kid	director	William Beaudine
Ces amours-là	director	Claude Lelouch
Phantom Patrol	director	Charles Hutchison
The Law Commands	director	William Nigh
Son of the Renegade	director	Reg Brown
35 Shots of Rum	director	Claire Denis
Sentimental Destinies	director	Olivier Assayas
Through the Glass (film)	director	Stephanie Okereke
The Wedding (2000 film)	director	Pavel Lungin
Rolling Home (film)	director	William A. Berke
Rough Riding Ranger	director	Elmer Clifton
Rainbow's End (film)	director	Norman Spencer
Tough to Handle	director	S. Roy Luby
Jekyll (2007 film)	director	Scott Zakarin
A Helpful Sisterhood	director	Van Dyke Brooke
Budak Kelantan	director	Wan Azli Wan Jusoh
Damon's Law	director	Thom McIntyre
Just a Girl in the World	director	M.T. Adler
Madame Butterfly (1932 film)	director	Marion Gering
Sakin Sarisuri	director	Salauddin Lavlu
The Road to Freedom (film)	director	Brendan Moriarty
Molokai: The Story of Father Damien	director	Paul Cox
Butters' Bottom Bitch	director	Trey Parker
The Forsyte Saga (1967 series)	director	David Giles (director)
Innocents of Paris	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Hate Crime (film)	director	Tommy Stovall
The Remorseful Day (Inspector Morse)	director	Jack Gold
The Nigel Barton Plays	director	Gareth Davies (television producer)
The Nigel Barton Plays  Vote, Vote, Vote for Nigel Barton   1	director	Gareth Davies (television producer)
'Hood (1998 film)	director	Hakaru Sunamoto
October 22 (film)	director	Richard Schenkman
No Right Turn	director	David Noel Bourke
National Lampoon's Thanksgiving Family Reunion	director	Neal Israel
Baadbaan	director	Phani Majumdar
American Faust: From Condi to Neo-Condi	director	Sebastian Doggart
National Lampoon's Joy of Sex	director	Martha Coolidge
Se los chupó la bruja	director	Jaime Salvador
Lowdown (TV series)	director	Amanda Brotchie
The Boogens	director	James L. Conway
Smother (film)	director	Vince Di Meglio
Coroner Creek	director	Ray Enright
The Sexless Innkeeper	director	Pamela Fryman
Late Marriage	director	Dover Kosashvili
The Promise of Love	director	Don Taylor (actor/director)
39 Pounds of Love	director	Dani Menkin
Deep Breath	director	Parviz Shahbazi
Sharada (1957 film)	director	L. V. Prasad
The Farewell	director	Jan Schütte
Such Is Life (2000 film)	director	Arturo Ripstein
Rama Rama Krishna Krishna	director	Srivas
Leader (2010 film)	director	Sekhar Kammula
Manito (film)	director	Eric Eason
Heartstrings (film)	director	Rhiannon Evans
Brink of Disaster!	director	John Florea
De brug	director	Joris Ivens
Loser's End	director	Bernard B. Ray
Inside Information (1934 film)	director	Robert F. Hill
Highway (1995 film)	director	Jayaraj
Mafia (The Office)	director	David Rogers (editor)
Cha'ung Dai Ovpuk	director	So Min Chiv
I Knew It Was You	director	Richard Shepard
The Loch Ness Horror	director	Larry Buchanan
Patient X (film)	director	Yam Laranas
Ash Wednesday (1973 film)	director	Larry Peerce
Somewhere in My Heart (TV series)	director	Cathy Garcia Molina
Djomeh	director	Hassan Yektapanah
The Idiot (1958 film)	director	Ivan Pyryev
Le Cirque: A Table In Heaven	director	Andrew Rossi
Throwdown (Glee)	director	Ryan Murphy (writer)
The Private Lives of Adam and Eve (film)	director	Mickey Rooney
The Private Lives of Adam and Eve (film)	director	Albert Zugsmith
Bendu Apparao R.M.P	director	E. V. V. Satyanarayana
Quagmire's Baby	director	Jerry Langford
Jerome Is the New Black	director	Brian Iles
Jacky (film)	director	Fow Pyng Hu
Jacky (film)	director	Brat Ljatifi
The Season of Men	director	Moufida Tlatli
Fall Time	director	Paul Warner (director)
Vanishing of the Bees	director	George Langworthy
Vanishing of the Bees	director	Maryam Henein
Lost Killers	director	Dito Tsintsadze
Blind Faith (film)	director	Paul Wendkos
Biùtiful cauntri	director	Esmeralda Calabria
Biùtiful cauntri	director	Andrea D'Ambrosio
The Lover (The Office)	director	Lee Eisenberg
The Best Damn Fiddler from Calabogie to Kaladar	director	Peter Pearson (director)
School of Comedy	director	Alex Hardcastle
Twilight: Los Angeles (film)	director	Marc Levin
Death Becomes Him (Frasier episode)	director	Andy Ackerman
Hollywood Dreams	director	Henry Jaglom
Craig's Wife (film)	director	Dorothy Arzner
Bereavement (film)	director	Stevan Mena
Sethupathi IPS	director	P. Vasu
Ironclad (film)	director	Jonathan English (director)
Ajami (film)	director	Scandar Copti
Ajami (film)	director	Yaron Shani
Secrets of an Actress	director	William Keighley
The Conspirator	director	Robert Redford
Blind Faith (1998 film)	director	Ernest Dickerson
Bhargavi Nilayam	director	A. Vincent
Atithi	director	P. Sheshadri
Invincible Lee Pyung Kang	director	Lee Jung Sub
Gourmet (TV series)	director	Choi Jong Soo
A Family Torn Apart	director	Craig R. Baxley
Opposite Day (film)	director	R. Michael Givens
Lighthouse (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Nichiyobi wa Owaranai	director	Yōichirō Takahashi
Teamwork (House)	director	David Straiton
I Prefer the Sound of the Sea	director	Mimmo Calopresti
The King's Daughters	director	Patricia Mazuy
Guilty of Treason	director	Felix E. Feist
Tierra del fuego (film)	director	Miguel Littín
Diary of a Wimpy Kid (film)	director	Thor Freudenthal
The Stakeout (Parks and Recreation)	director	Seth Gordon
Phineas and Ferb's Quantum Boogaloo	director	Zac Moncrief
The Butterfly Effect Part 2	director	Victor Neili, Jr.
Ripper 2: Letter from Within	director	Jonas Quastel
Ripper 2: Letter from Within	director	Lloyd A. Simandl
Madan Kolli	director	Major Ravi
Singing in the Drain	director	Tristram Shapeero
Thursday's Child (1983 film)	director	David Lowell Rich
Lots of Luck	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
Replay (2001 film)	director	Catherine Corsini
Leap Year (2010 film)	director	Anand Tucker
Chandralekha (1998 film)	director	Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi
Koi Pond (The Office)	director	Reginald Hudlin
Voici le temps des assassins	director	Julien Duvivier
The Face of Jizo  Chichi to Kuraseba The Face of Jizo   1	director	Kazuo Kuroki
Pau and His Brother	director	Marc Recha
The Act of the Heart	director	Paul Almond
Princess Kaiulani (film)	director	Marc Forby
W.T.F.	director	Trey Parker
Queen to Play	director	Caroline Bottaro
Kosh ba kosh	director	Bakhtyar Khudojnazarov
Endgame (2007 film)	director	Alex Jones
Extraordinary Measures	director	Tom Vaughan (director)
RoboGeisha	director	Noboru Iguchi
Upside Down (film)	director	Juan Diego Solanas
The Falcon Takes Over	director	Irving Reis
Goonj Uthi Shehnai	director	Vijay Bhatt
Taurus (film)	director	Alexander Sokurov
Custom Made 10.30	director	Hajime Ishimine
Cilvēka bērns	director	Jānis Streičs
C'est La Vie, Mon Chéri (TV series)	director	Derek Yee
Boyhood Loves	director	Yves Caumon
Man Walking on Snow	director	Kobayashi Masahiro
Clément (film)	director	Emmanuelle Bercot
Isle of the Snake People	director	Jack Hill
Tomorrow (2001 film)	director	Francesca Archibugi
Get a Life (film)	director	João Canijo
Prem Aamar	director	Raj Chakraborty
Collapse (film)	director	Chris Smith (filmmaker)
Ruckus (film)	director	Max Kleven
Dying to Belong	director	William A. Graham (director)
Hot Blood (1956 film)	director	Nicholas Ray
The Missing Person	director	Noah Buschel
Sitanda	director	Izu Ojukwu
We're Here To Help	director	Jonothan Cullinane
Love Guru (Kannada film)	director	Prashanth Raj
Teenage Mother (film)	director	Jerry Gross
H Story	director	Nobuhiro Suwa
We Were Once a Fairytale	director	Spike Jonze
Onan (film)	director	Shyam Madhavan Sarada
Hijack Stories	director	Oliver Schmitz
Aptharakshaka	director	P. Vasu
Charlie Chan in Panama	director	Norman Foster (director)
Hariyali Aur Rasta	director	Vijay Bhatt
BirdWatchers (film)	director	Marco Bechis
Assassin's Creed: Lineage	director	Yves Simoneau
Desatanakkili Karayarilla	director	Padmarajan
Nirmalyam	director	M. T. Vasudevan Nair
Don't Look Up	director	Hideo Nakata
Duel Citizenship	director	Pamela Fryman
The Paper Wedding	director	Michel Brault
Pilot (Modern Family)	director	Jason Winer
Good Luck, Miss Wyckoff	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
My Friend Ganesha	director	Rajiv S. Ruia
Prem Kahani (1993 film)	director	R. Chandru
Beyond Life and Death	director	David Lynch
The Last Precinct	director	Hy Averback
The Last Precinct	director	Michael Lange
Mash-Up (Glee)	director	Elodie Keene
Minoru: Memory of Exile	director	Michael Fukushima
Le Chanteur de Mexico	director	Richard Pottier
The Ministers (film)	director	Franc. Reyes
Howl (film)	director	Rob Epstein
Howl (film)	director	Jeffrey Friedman (filmmaker)
Rettaisuzhi	director	Thamira
Sundown (Lost)	director	Bobby Roth
The Miracle Child	director	D.B. Maurice
The Road (2001 film)	director	Darezhan Omirbaev
Freedom (2001 film)	director	Lisandro Alonso
International Guerillas (film)	director	Jan Mohammad
Plane Nuts	director	Jack Cummings (director)
The Big Idea (film)	director	William Beaudine
Number One with a Bullet	director	Jack Smight
I Remember Better When I Paint	director	Eric Ellena
I Remember Better When I Paint	director	Berna Huebner
From a Whisper	director	Wanuri Kahiu
Mancora (2008)	director	Ricardo de Montreuil
The Case of the Whitechapel Vampire	director	Rodney Gibbons
Like a Dragon: Prologue	director	Takeshi Miyasaka
Like a Dragon: Prologue	director	Takashi Miike
A Crane's Critique (Frasier)	director	Jeff Melman
End of Nights	director	Martin Wood
Jungle Raiders (1985 film)	director	Antonio Margheriti
Blond Cheat	director	Joseph Santley
Soul Kitchen (film)	director	Fatih Akın
My work, my sorrow	director	Oliver Dickinson
The Words of My Father	director	Francesca Comencini
Lovely Rita (film)	director	Jessica Hausner
Moonshine Valley	director	Herbert Brenon
A Dog's Day	director	Murali Nair
Speak It! From the Heart of Black Nova Scotia	director	Sylvia Hamilton
Buy & Cell	director	Robert Boris
Steele Justice	director	Robert Boris
The Sweet House of Horrors	director	Lucio Fulci
Orange (2010 Telugu film)	director	Bhaskar (director)
Touch of Death (1988 film)	director	Lucio Fulci
For Angela	director	Daniel Prouty
For Angela	director	Nancy Trites Botkin
The Aqua Diary	director	Peder Pedersen (director)
Lake Tahoe (film)	director	Fernando Eimbcke
Backstage (2005 film)	director	Emmanuelle Bercot
The Bicycle Thief (Modern Family)	director	Jason Winer
Gaban (1966 film)	director	Hrishikesh Mukherjee
'R Xmas	director	Abel Ferrara
Hold That Kiss	director	Edwin L. Marin
The Magnificent Dope	director	Walter Lang
Kamen Rider × Kamen Rider W & Decade: Movie War 2010	director	Ryuta Tasaki
The Tyrant (House)	director	David Straiton
Boy (2009 film)	director	Auraeus Solito
The Son of Robin Hood	director	George Sherman
Retour à l'aube	director	Henri Decoin
Dead Man Running	director	Alex De Rakoff
Savage Souls (film)	director	Raúl Ruiz
Sobibor, October 14, 1943, 4 p.m.	director	Claude Lanzmann
Delta Force 3: The Killing Game	director	Sam Firstenberg
Belonging (Dollhouse)	director	Jonathan Frakes
Sister City (Parks and Recreation)	director	Michael Schur
Wheels (Glee)	director	Paris Barclay
The Jerusalem File	director	John Flynn (director)
Touched (1983 film)	director	John Flynn
Black Listed	director	Robert Townsend (actor)
Protection (film)	director	John Flynn
Night Call Nurses	director	Jonathan Kaplan
The Student Teachers	director	Jonathan Kaplan
The Slams	director	Jonathan Kaplan
Mr. Billion	director	Jonathan Kaplan
Across the Bridge (film)	director	Ken Annakin
Cheaper to Keep Her (film)	director	Ken Annakin
Iguana (film)	director	Monte Hellman
The Man from Independence	director	Jack Smight
Strategy of Terror	director	Jack Smight
Steel Arena (film)	director	Mark L. Lester
White House Madness	director	Mark L. Lester
Bobbie Jo and the Outlaw	director	Mark L. Lester
Double Take (1998 film)	director	Mark L. Lester
Misbegotten (film)	director	Mark L. Lester
Hitman's Run	director	Mark L. Lester
Blowback (film)	director	Mark L. Lester
Stealing Candy	director	Mark L. Lester
White Rush	director	Mark L. Lester
That Certain Feeling (film)	director	Melvin Frank
Full Circle (1977 film)	director	Richard Loncraine
The Reformer and the Redhead	director	Melvin Frank
Tricheurs	director	Barbet Schroeder
Cree Hunters of Mistassini	director	Boyce Richardson
Cree Hunters of Mistassini	director	Tony Ianzelo
Club de femmes	director	Jacques Deval
Club de femmes	director	Jean Delannoy
Preah Peay Phat	director	Ly You Sreang
Tida Sok Puos	director	Hui Kung
Kong Kam Kong Keo	director	Biv Chai Leang
Marie-Jo and Her Two Lovers	director	Robert Guédiguian
The Uncertainty Principle (film)	director	Manoel de Oliveira
Abused Confidence	director	Henri Decoin
The Idiot Cycle	director	Emmanuelle Schick Garcia
Mayhem of the Music Meister!	director	Ben Jones (Canadian cartoonist)
Double Date (The Office)	director	Seth Gordon
Murder (The Office)	director	Greg Daniels
To Stay Alive	director	Dariush Mehrjui
Carnage (2002 film)	director	Delphine Gleize
The Menace (film)	director	Roy William Neill
Pilot (Community)	director	Russo brothers
La maleta	director	Raúl Ruiz
Three Sad Tigers	director	Raúl Ruiz
Dicen que soy mujeriego	director	Roberto Rodríguez
White Shadows in the South Seas	director	W. S. Van Dyke
White Shadows in the South Seas	director	Robert J. Flaherty
Desperate for Love	director	Michael Tuchner
¡Qué hacer!	director	Raúl Ruiz
¡Qué hacer!	director	Saul Landau
¡Qué hacer!	director	Nina Serrano
The Penal Colony (film)	director	Raúl Ruiz
Nadie dijo nada	director	Raúl Ruiz
Prasna Reatrey	director	Ly Kim Srun
Rampage (1963 film)	director	Phil Karlson
Albert II of Monaco, the Unknown Prince	director	Thibaut Faucon
Art & Copy	director	Doug Pray
Looney Tunes: Spotlight Collection	director	Chuck Jones
Looney Tunes: Spotlight Collection	director	Bob Clampett
Looney Tunes: Spotlight Collection	director	Friz Freleng
Looney Tunes: Spotlight Collection	director	Tex Avery
Looney Tunes: Spotlight Collection	director	Robert McKimson
Vermont Is for Lovers	director	John O'Brien (filmmaker)
Chomrieng Et Preang Tuok	director	Sinn Sisamouth
Darling (2010 film)	director	A. Karunakaran
Whale Whores	director	Trey Parker
Thrill of a Romance	director	Richard Thorpe
Deuta (film)	director	Tulsi Ghimire
Goliath and the Dragon	director	Vittorio Cottafavi
Shambo Shiva Shambo	director	Samuthirakani
What Did the Lady Forget?	director	Yasujirō Ozu
The Gas Man (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	Barry Levinson
Romance of the Western Chamber (1927 film)	director	Hou Yao
The Next Three Days	director	Paul Haggis
Anaganaga O Dheerudu	director	Prakash Kovelamudi
The Missouri Traveler	director	Jerry Hopper
Every Home Should Have One	director	Jim Clark
Akureyri Art Museum	director	Hannes Sigurðarson
Start Cheering	director	Albert S. Rogell
Real Life (2004 film)	director	Panos H. Koutras
The Expropriation	director	Raúl Ruiz
Little White Dove	director	Raúl Ruiz
El realismo socialista	director	Raúl Ruiz
Dialogues of Exiles	director	Raúl Ruiz
Colloque de chiens	director	Raúl Ruiz
The Suspended Vocation	director	Raúl Ruiz
Space Battleship Yamato (2010 film)	director	Takashi Yamazaki (film director)
5 Days of August	director	Renny Harlin
Ballad (Glee)	director	Brad Falchuk
You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger	director	Woody Allen
Earthly Love	director	Yevgeny Matveyev
Premier rendez-vous	director	Henri Decoin
Christmas Cracker (film)	director	Jeff Hale
Christmas Cracker (film)	director	Norman McLaren
Christmas Cracker (film)	director	Grant Munro (filmmaker)
Christmas Cracker (film)	director	Gerald Potterton
Minnesota Planetarium	director	Angus Vaughan
The Hypothesis of the Stolen Painting	director	Raúl Ruiz
La route de Corinthe	director	Claude Chabrol
The Territory	director	Raúl Ruiz
1 a Minute	director	Namrata Singh Gujral
To pontikaki	director	Nikos Tsiforos
On Top of the Whale	director	Raúl Ruiz
Three Crowns of the Sailor	director	Raúl Ruiz
Cutting Moments	director	Douglas Buck
Nothing New	director	Steve Stone (director)
Nothing New	director	Ambroise Bucher
Nothing New	director	Maykel Stone
Nothing New	director	Sidney Soriano
Nothing New	director	Alban Greiner
Eastern Plays	director	Kamen Kalev
At the Top of the Stairs	director	Paul Vecchiali
Sau Crore	director	Dev Anand
Yauwan	director	Ranjan Bose
Destiny (1977 film)	director	Yevgeny Matveyev
Kaboom (Parks and Recreation)	director	Charles McDougall
Cracks (film)	director	Jordan Scott
Cheam Entry Kmao	director	Vann Vannak
Soldiers of Freedom	director	Yuri Ozerov (director)
On the Nickel	director	Ralph Waite
My Soul to Take	director	Wes Craven
Gulumaal: The Escape	director	V. K. Prakash
Aayiram Vilakku	director	S. P. Hosimin
Kacheri Arambam	director	Thiraivannan
Thenavattu	director	V. V. Kathir
Singam Puli	director	Sai Ramani
Thiruthani (film)	director	Perarasu
Rahasyam (1967 film)	director	Vedantam Raghavaiah
Kandhakottai	director	S. Sakthivel
Hairography	director	Bill D'Elia
Orphans (film)	director	Alan J. Pakula
The Devil Probably	director	Robert Bresson
See You in the Morning (film)	director	Alan J. Pakula
OSS 117: Lost in Rio	director	Michel Hazanavicius
The Fall of a Nation	director	Thomas Dixon, Jr.
Abul Kasame	director	Yvon Hem
Season 4 (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
Pkai Dos Kuntuy	director	Nop Nem
Ynav Bosseba	director	Yvon Hem
La criada bien criada	director	Hernán Cortés
Neang Champameas	director	Saravuth
Sdach Domrei Sor	director	Dy Saveth
Infinite Lives	director	Infinite Lives
Papadom (film)	director	Afdlin Shauki
Gauri: The Unborn	director	Akku Akbar
The Desert Within	director	Rodrigo Plá
Five Days Without Nora	director	Mariana Chenillo
Insignificant Things	director	Andrea Martínez
Locked In (film)	director	Suri Krishnamma
City of Pirates	director	Raúl Ruiz
Régime sans pain	director	Raúl Ruiz
Manoel's Destinies	director	Raúl Ruiz
Douce violence	director	Max Pécas
Himmel, Amor und Zwirn	director	Ulrich Erfurth
The Death Ship (1959 film)	director	Georg Tressler
Ostrava (film)	director	Jovan Zivanovic
Into the Crevasse	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Swamp Devil	director	David Winning
Pugachev (film)	director	Aleksei Saltykov
The Chairman (1964 film)	director	Aleksei Saltykov
My Friend, Kolka!	director	Aleksei Saltykov
My Friend, Kolka!	director	Alexander Mitta
Faithless (1932 film)	director	Harry Beaumont
L'Or dans la rue	director	Curtis Bernhardt
Natpukkaga	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Nattamai	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Chanakya (film)	director	A. Venkatesh (director)
Laugh to Keep from Crying	director	Tyler Perry
Fish Hooks	director	Maxwell Atoms
Fish Hooks	director	C. H. Greenblatt
The Murder Game (1965 film)	director	Sidney Salkow
Lines of Fire	director	Kathryn Bigelow
Police Quarters	director	A.M.R.Ramesh
Homicide: The Movie	director	Jean de Segonzac
Seventeen Times Cecile Cassard	director	Christophe Honoré
Shareholder Meeting	director	Charles McDougall
Angel on the Right	director	Jamshed Usmonov
Brotherhood (2009 film)	director	Nicolo Donato
Terror from the Year 5000	director	Robert J. Gurney Jr.
The Confession (2002 film)	director	Zeki Demirkubuz
The Other Side (2010 film)	director	David Michaels
Prosperity (film)	director	Sam Wood
Around the World (Aqua video)	director	Peder Pedersen (director)
Aqua: The Videos	director	Peder Pedersen (director)
Greg Pikitis	director	Dean Holland
Ghost Town (CSI)	director	Alec Smight
Glowing Eyes (film)	director	Jacques Nolot
Aqua: The Video Collection	director	Peder Pedersen (director)
The Weiner, the Bun, and the Boob	director	Wendey Stanzler
Raggare!	director	Olle Hellbom
Entrance (album)	director	Steven Paul
Nema problema (2004 film)	director	Giancarlo Bocchi
Crying for Love (film)	director	Christian E. Christensen
Rachida	director	Yamina Bachir
4.3.2.1	director	Noel Clarke
4.3.2.1	director	Mark Davis
The Box of Life	director	Usama Muhammad
Bakgat	director	Henk Pretorius
Sleeping Betty	director	Claude Cloutier
Murders in the Zoo	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Dédé (1935 film)	director	René Guissart
Last Train Home (film)	director	Lixin Fan
Terra incognita (film)	director	Ghassan Salhab
The Hole (2009 film)	director	Joe Dante
Breath (2009 film)	director	Levent Semerci
Tomorrow La Scala!	director	Francesca Joseph
A Piece of Sky	director	Bénédicte Liénard
Light Fantastic (TV series)	director	Jeremy Turner (director)
Light Fantastic (TV series)	director	Annabel Gillings
Light Fantastic (TV series)	director	Nick Davidson
Light Fantastic (TV series)	director	Paul Sen
Brother's Keeper (Heroes)	director	Bryan Spicer
Working Stiffs (CSI)	director	Naren Shankar
Carlo Giuliani, Boy	director	Francesca Comencini
Coup de Grace (CSI)	director	Paris Barclay
Best Player	director	Damon Santostefano
Eskalofrío	director	Isidro Ortiz
Fight Harm	director	Harmony Korine
The Devil, the Sinner, and His Journey	director	Harmony Korine
Four Stars (film)	director	Andy Warhol
The F Word (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
The Resident (2011 film)	director	Antti Jokinen
Tomorrow, When the War Began (film)	director	Stuart Beattie
Business as Usual (Flashpoint)	director	David Frazee
The Fortress (Flashpoint)	director	Eric Canuel
Clean Hands (Flashpoint)	director	David Frazee
Aisle 13	director	Stephen Surjik
The Perfect Family	director	Eric Canuel
Remote Control (Flashpoint)	director	Charles Binamé
Perfect Storm (Flashpoint)	director	Holly Dale
Last Dance (Flashpoint)	director	Charles Binamé
Exit Wounds (Flashpoint)	director	David Frazee
Behind the Blue Line	director	David Frazee
The Good Citizen (Flashpoint)	director	Tim Southam
You Think You Know Someone	director	David Frazee
The Farm (Flashpoint)	director	Eric Canuel
Coming to You Live	director	Charles Binamé
Custody (Flashpoint)	director	Paul A. Kaufman
Just a Man (Flashpoint)	director	Holly Dale
Never Let You Down (Flashpoint)	director	Ken Girotti
One Wrong Move	director	David Frazee
Ezhai Padum Padu	director	K. Ramnoth
Fallen Heroes (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	Kathryn Bigelow
Finnegan's Wake (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	Steve Buscemi
Blade on the Feather	director	Richard Loncraine
Angelfist	director	Cirio H. Santiago
Namu, the Killer Whale	director	László Benedek
Alegre ma non troppo	director	Fernando Colomo
Nemesis 2: Nebula	director	Albert Pyun
Nemesis 3: Prey Harder	director	Albert Pyun
Nemesis 4: Death Angel	director	Albert Pyun
Dog Gone	director	Julius Wu
End of the Line (2007 film)	director	Maurice Devereaux
Bagpipes (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
The Art of Failure: Chuck Connelly Not for Sale	director	Jeff Stimmel
Black Rodeo	director	Jeff Kanew
Miranda (TV series)	director	Juliet May
City Girl (1984 film)	director	Martha Coolidge
Pains of Autumn	director	Tomris Giritlioğlu
Balzaminov's Marriage	director	Konstantin Voynov
Jokes (film)	director	Harmony Korine
The Terror Within II	director	Andrew Stevens
O periergos	director	Omiros Evstratides
The Return of the Shaggy Dog	director	Stuart Gillard
Who is the Guilty?	director	Alexandre Tsutsunava
Three Lives (film)	director	Ivan Perestiani
Fiesta (1947 film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Pisau Cukur (film)	director	Bernard Chauly
One Away (film)	director	Sidney Hayers
Dr. Linus	director	Mario Van Peebles
City of Glass (TV series)	director	Jo Nam Kook
The Romantics (film)	director	Galt Niederhoffer
Project Shadowchaser	director	John Eyres
Women in the Mirror	director	Yoshishige Yoshida
Project Shadowchaser II	director	John Eyres
Project Shadowchaser III	director	John Eyres
Project Shadowchaser IV	director	Mark Roper
Pilot (V)	director	Yves Simoneau
Kiki (1926 film)	director	Clarence Brown
That Day (film)	director	Raúl Ruiz
The Three Wishes of Billy Grier	director	Corey Blechman
The Wild Party (1929 film)	director	Dorothy Arzner
Terminator II (1990 film)	director	Bruno Mattei
Ink (film)	director	Jamin Winans
Salt for Svanetia	director	Mikhail Kalatozov
Angel Face (2008 film)	director	Cecile Cinco
Like Asura	director	Yoshimitsu Morita
Guess What We Learned in School Today?	director	John G. Avildsen
Turn on to Love	director	John G. Avildsen
Incantato	director	Pupi Avati
Les Côtelettes	director	Bertrand Blier
Avalanche (1978 film)	director	Corey Allen
Lad, A Dog (film)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Lad, A Dog (film)	director	Aram Avakian
Me & You, Us, Forever	director	Dave Christiano
Lawn Gnome Beach Party of Terror	director	Dan Povenmire
Halloweenight	director	Polonia brothers
Hell Below Zero	director	Mark Robson
Agapisa mia polythrona	director	Dinos Iliopoulos
Feeders (film)	director	Polonia brothers
The Journey (1959 film)	director	Anatole Litvak
Stone Mountain (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
When Michael Calls	director	Philip Leacock
Chattanooga Choo Choo (film)	director	Bruce Bilson
Monster Movie (film)	director	Polonia brothers
Campus (TV series)	director	Victoria Pile
Lourdes (film)	director	Jessica Hausner
Mermaid Legend	director	Toshiharu Ikeda
Crazy Heart	director	Scott Cooper (director)
La bête	director	Walerian Borowczyk
The Mork & Mindy / Laverne & Shirley / Fonz Hour	director	George Gordon (animator)
The Mork & Mindy / Laverne & Shirley / Fonz Hour	director	Rudy Larriva
The Mork & Mindy / Laverne & Shirley / Fonz Hour	director	Carl Urbano
The Mork & Mindy / Laverne & Shirley / Fonz Hour	director	Rudy Zamora
The Paradise Club	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
The Paradise Club	director	Lawrence Gordon Clark
The Paradise Club	director	Ken Hannam
Janko Zwycięzca (film)	director	Janko Zwycięzca (film)
Korine Tap	director	Harmony Korine
Ron and Tammy	director	Troy Miller
The Mountain Calls	director	Luis Trenker
Jerk De Soleil	director	Dan Povenmire
Collision (film)	director	Darren Doane
Forbidden Warrior	director	Jimmy Nickerson
Strayed (2003 film)	director	André Téchiné
Father and Son (2003 film)	director	Alexander Sokurov
Shara (film)	director	Naomi Kawase
The Last Prince	director	Mac Alejandre
Pokkiri Raja (2010 film)	director	Vyshakh
Plus None	director	Paul Holahan
Would I Think of Suicide?	director	Ken Whittingham
Tabeta Tales	director	Marzieh Broomand
Tabeta Tales	director	Shahin Babapur
Boom Crunch	director	David Grossman (director)
All Tomorrow's Parties (2003 film)	director	Yu Lik-wai
Face (2000 film)	director	Junji Sakamoto
Splatter Beach	director	Polonia brothers
For Those I Loved	director	Robert Enrico
A Story That Begins at the End	director	Murali Nair
Playing 'In the Company of Men'	director	Arnaud Desplechin
The Air Mail	director	Irvin Willat
Today and Tomorrow (2003 film)	director	Alejandro Chomski
Housewife (film)	director	Alfred E. Green
Audition Day	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Transformers: Dark of the Moon	director	Michael Bay
Skavabölen pojat	director	Zaida Bergroth
Stealing Heaven	director	Clive Donner
Love is the Drug (TV series)	director	Darren Thornton
Nodi Swamy Navirodu Hige	director	Shankar Nag
The Wonderful Country (film)	director	Robert Parrish
Valiban	director	Silambarasan Rajendar
Kiss of Life (film)	director	Emily Young (film director)
The Southern Cross (film)	director	Pablo Reyero
Where Is Madame Catherine?	director	Marc Recha
A Thousand Months	director	Faouzi Bensaïdi
Mon coeur t'appelle	director	Carmine Gallone
Immortally Yours	director	Joe Tornatore
Le Concert	director	Radu Mihăileanu
Foreign Affaires	director	Tom Walls
September (2003 film)	director	Max Färberböck
Lava Kusa: The Warrior Twins	director	Dhavala Satyam
Stormy Weather (2003 film)	director	Sólveig Anspach
Drango	director	Hall Bartlett
Drango	director	Jules Bricken
The Rough Patch	director	Pamela Fryman
Dweller (film)	director	Polonia brothers
Thanksgiving (Heroes)	director	Seith Mann
Bloodbrothers (1978 film)	director	Robert Mulligan
Kiss Me Goodbye (film)	director	Robert Mulligan
Stunts (film)	director	Mark L. Lester
Diamond Horseshoe	director	George Seaton
The Hook (1963 film)	director	George Seaton
Anything Can Happen	director	George Seaton
Struggle (film)	director	Ruth Mader
Dot.Kill	director	John Irvin
Cavalleria rusticana (1982 film)	director	Franco Zeffirelli
Young Toscanini	director	Franco Zeffirelli
A Guy and a Gal	director	Lasse Hallström
Sparrow (1993 film)	director	Franco Zeffirelli
Father to Be	director	Lasse Hallström
Tuppen	director	Lasse Hallström
Happy We	director	Lasse Hallström
More About the Children of Noisy Village	director	Lasse Hallström
Girls in the Night	director	Jack Arnold (director)
The Glass Web	director	Jack Arnold (director)
The Man from Bitter Ridge	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Red Sundown	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Outside the Law (1956 film)	director	Jack Arnold (director)
The Tattered Dress	director	Jack Arnold (director)
The Space Children	director	Jack Arnold (director)
A Global Affair	director	Jack Arnold (director)
The Lively Set	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Black Eye (film)	director	Jack Arnold (director)
The Wackiest Wagon Train in the West	director	Jack Arnold (director)
Jack of Diamonds (1967 film)	director	Don Taylor (actor/director)
The Great Scout & Cathouse Thursday	director	Don Taylor (actor/director)
Echoes of a Summer	director	Don Taylor (actor/director)
Just My Luck (1933 film)	director	Jack Raymond
Quelle drôle de gosse!	director	Léo Joannon
La Cage aux Folles II	director	Édouard Molinaro
Remesis (film)	director	Jhonny W. Perez
U Me Aur Hum	director	Ajay Devgn
Tougher Than Leather (film)	director	Rick Rubin
Mattress (Glee)	director	Elodie Keene
Dances with Smurfs	director	Trey Parker
Pilot (Supernatural)	director	David Nutter
Call My Bluff (US game show)	director	Mike Garguilo
Tanging Yaman	director	Laurice Guillen
Knerten	director	Åsleik Engmark
A Spot of Bother (film)	director	David MacDonald (director)
Pot Luck (1936 film)	director	Tom Walls
London Betty	director	Thomas Edward Seymour
Who Killed Bambi? (2003 film)	director	Gilles Marchand
High-Low (game show)	director	Charles S. Dubin
Angry Boys	director	Chris Lilley (comedian)
W's Tragedy	director	Shinichirō Sawai
Mignon (film)	director	William Nigh
Aattanayagann	director	Krishnaram
Choi voi	director	Bui Thac Chuyen
Val Lewton: The Man in the Shadows	director	Kent Jones
The Big Cat (1949 film)	director	Phil Karlson
Area 51 (film)	director	Oren Peli
Four Sheets to the Wind	director	Sterlin Harjo
A Chance of Snow	director	Tony Bill
Fields of Sacrifice	director	Donald Brittain
Caprices (film)	director	Léo Joannon
Chuno (TV series)	director	Kwak Jung Hwan
Miss Navajo (film)	director	Billy Luther
Imprint (film)	director	Michael Linn
Statuesque (short film)	director	Neil Gaiman
The War of the Worlds (1953 film)	director	Byron Haskin
The Prisoner (1955 film)	director	Peter Glenville
A Swingin' Summer	director	Robert Sparr
Jaali Note	director	Shakti Samanta
Gun Fever	director	Dan Attias
Villagelo Vinayakudu	director	Sai Kiran Adivi
Katia (film)	director	Maurice Tourneur
Vinayakudu (film)	director	Sai Kiran Adivi
Mahatma (film)	director	Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi
Sectionals	director	Brad Falchuk
FBI Code 98	director	Leslie H. Martinson
La fausse maîtresse	director	André Cayatte
Voices of the City	director	Wallace Worsley
Kedi (2010 film)	director	Kiran Kumar
The Body Stealers	director	Gerry Levy
Adhurs	director	V. V. Vinayak
Maro Charitra (2010 film)	director	Ravi Yadav
Eternity (film)	director	Steven Paul
Keep Your Powder Dry	director	Edward Buzzell
The Uh! Oh! Show	director	Herschell Gordon Lewis
Golden Needles	director	Robert Clouse
Before I Self Destruct (film)	director	50 Cent
You Are What You Eat (film)	director	Barry Feinstein
Wellcome Trust Centre for Stem Cell Research	director	Austin Smith (biologist)
Recon (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Scorched (Numb3rs)	director	Norberto Barba
The Problem Solvers	director	John Riggi
The Family That Dwelt Apart	director	Yvon Malette
Another Side of Peace	director	Ellen Frick
Another Side of Peace	director	Gretchen Burger
Destiny's Son	director	Kenji Misumi
Returned: Child Soldiers of Nepal's Maoist Army	director	Robert Koenig (filmmaker)
Prom Night in Mississippi	director	Paul Saltzman
Just Dance (TV series)	director	Arjun Sablok
The Human Monster	director	Walter Summers
Scott's Tots	director	B. J. Novak
Dr. Alien	director	David DeCoteau
Secret Santa (The Office)	director	Randall Einhorn
Are You My Mummy?	director	Dan Povenmire
The Camel (Parks and Recreation)	director	Millicent Shelton
If Winter Comes	director	Victor Saville
The Passage (2007 film)	director	Mark Heller
Married Women Who Want a Taste	director	Hideo Jōjō
Backseat Betty	director	John Putch
Courageous (film)	director	Alex Kendrick
Five Guns West	director	Roger Corman
Apache Woman	director	Roger Corman
Naked Paradise	director	Roger Corman
The Oklahoma Woman	director	Roger Corman
Carnival Rock	director	Roger Corman
The Saga of the Viking Women and Their Voyage to the Waters of the Great Sea Serpent	director	Roger Corman
Teenage Doll	director	Roger Corman
I Mobster	director	Roger Corman
War of the Satellites	director	Roger Corman
Atlas (film)	director	Roger Corman
Target: Harry	director	Roger Corman
The Young Racers	director	Roger Corman
Ski Troop Attack	director	Roger Corman
By Candlelight	director	James Whale
One More River	director	James Whale
They Dare Not Love	director	James Whale
Sinners in Paradise	director	James Whale
Raging Bully	director	Dan Povenmire
Murder Without Crime	director	J. Lee Thompson
For Better, for Worse (1954 film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
As Long as They're Happy	director	J. Lee Thompson
No Trees in the Street	director	J. Lee Thompson
She'll Take Romance	director	Piers Haggard
Return from the Ashes	director	J. Lee Thompson
St. Ives (1976 film)	director	J. Lee Thompson
Jim the World's Greatest	director	Don Coscarelli
Some Like It Cool	director	Michael Winner
Old Mac	director	Michael Winner
Won Ton Ton, the Dog Who Saved Hollywood	director	Michael Winner
Scream for Help	director	Michael Winner
Eyewitness (1970 film)	director	John Hough (director)
Something to Believe In (film)	director	John Hough (director)
Bad Karma (2002 film)	director	John Hough (director)
The Angry Hills (film)	director	Robert Aldrich
The Legend of Lylah Clare	director	Robert Aldrich
Ecco fatto	director	Gabriele Muccino
The Spy in the Green Hat	director	Joseph Sargent
One Spy Too Many	director	Joseph Sargent
The Hell with Heroes	director	Joseph Sargent
The King's Speech	director	Tom Hooper (director)
Extreme Close-Up (film)	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Honor Bound	director	Jeannot Szwarc
La vengeance d'une blonde	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Les Soeurs Soleil	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Loving Memory	director	Tony Scott
Defenseless	director	Martin Campbell
Moving the Mountain (1994 film)	director	Michael Apted
Inspirations	director	Michael Apted
Me & Isaac Newton	director	Michael Apted
The Power of the Game	director	Michael Apted
The Billion Dollar Bubble	director	Brian Gibson (director)
Death of a Legend	director	Bill Mason
Beyond the Pole	director	David L. Williams (film director)
Babies (film)	director	Thomas Balmès
Antibodies (film)	director	Christian Alvart
Out-of-Sync	director	Debbie Allen
Cry of the Wild	director	Bill Mason
Joshua (1976 film)	director	Larry G. Spangler
Hell Ship Mutiny	director	Lee Sholem
Hell Ship Mutiny	director	Elmo Williams
Caesar the Conqueror	director	Tanio Boccia
Orgullo, Pasión y Gloria: Tres Noches en la Ciudad de México	director	Wayne Isham
Anandam	director	Srinu Vaitla
The Good Soldier (2009 film)	director	Lexy Lovell
The Good Soldier (2009 film)	director	Michael Uys
Irresistable Angel: Suck It All Up	director	Minoru Kunizawa
Dr. Kildare's Strange Case	director	Harold S. Bucquet
Under the Red Robe (film)	director	Victor Sjöström
The Playbook (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Bulldog Drummond's Peril	director	James P. Hogan (director)
Mixing Nia	director	Alison Swan
Murdered Innocence	director	Frank Coraci
Bulldog Courage	director	Sam Newfield
The Fourth War	director	John Frankenheimer
Black Peter (film)	director	Miloš Forman
Crazy Mama (film)	director	Jonathan Demme
Fighting Mad	director	Jonathan Demme
Phool Aur Angaar	director	Ashok Gaikwad
Saloon Bar	director	Walter Forde
How Much Do You Love Me?	director	Bertrand Blier
A Trip to Karabakh	director	Levan Tutberidze
Big Shots (film)	director	Robert Mandel
Wilson (House episode)	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
Foxy Lady (film)	director	Ivan Reitman
Slapsgiving 2: Revenge of the Slap	director	Pamela Fryman
Amaidhi Padai	director	Manivannan
Canon City (film)	director	Crane Wilbur
Pee (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Miracle On Third Or Fourth Street (Frasier episode)	director	James Burrows
Guess Who's Coming To Breakfast?	director	Andy Ackerman
Protector (2009 film)	director	Marek Najbrt
Dhobi Ghat (film)	director	Kiran Rao
The Bargee	director	Duncan Wood
Pig Business	director	Tracy Louise Ward
The Fifth Stage	director	Kevin Dowling (director)
Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue	director	Bradley Raymond
The Guard (2011 film)	director	John Michael McDonagh
24 Hour Psycho	director	Douglas Gordon
Body Without Soul	director	Wiktor Grodecki
Corsair (film)	director	Roland West
The Proud and the Damned	director	Ferde Grofé Jr.
Twitch – You Are My Toy	director	Yūji Tajiri
Bhakta Jayadeva	director	P. Rama Rao
Sana Ngayong Pasko	director	Mike Tuviera
Lotrando a Zubejda	director	Karel Smyczek
Flannel Pajamas (film)	director	Jeff Lipsky
Balayogini	director	K. Subramaniam
Inidhu Inidhu	director	K.V.Guhan
Muriyadi	director	Selva (director)
Ye Maaya Chesave	director	Gautham Menon
Gnabagangal	director	Jeevan (director)
Malayan (film)	director	Vaseegara Raja
Madurai Sambavam	director	ID eNTITY
Wait Until Spring, Bandini	director	Dominique Deruddere
The Last Romantic	director	Albert and David Maysles
The Last Romantic	director	Albert and David Maysles
Pope Dreams	director	Patrick Hogan
Holyman Undercover	director	David A. R. White
Beau Masque	director	Bernard Paul
The Night Has Eyes	director	Leslie Arliss
Over the Odds	director	Michael Forlong
Girls Versus Suits	director	Pamela Fryman
Neutral Port	director	Marcel Varnel
Mature Woman: Wife-Hunting	director	Yutaka Ikejima
Gunless	director	William Phillips (director)
Stomp the Yard 2: Homecoming	director	Rob Hardy
The Night We Dropped a Clanger	director	Darcy Conyers
Wyoming Renegades	director	Fred F. Sears
The Wife (film)	director	Tom Noonan
The Standard of Perfection: Show Cats	director	Mark Lewis (filmmaker)
Pudhiya Mannargal	director	Vikraman
Space Chimps 2: Zartog Strikes Back	director	John H. Williams
Live-In	director	Andrew D. Weyman
The House That Jack Built (1967 film)	director	Ron Tunis
The Image (short film)	director	Michael Armstrong (cinematographer)
Ugly Americans (TV series)	director	Aaron Augenblick
Dark Shadows (film)	director	Tim Burton
Business Guy	director	Pete Michels
Psychotropica	director	Damien Sage
Hard Lesbian: Quick and Deep	director	Osamu Satō
Sevasadanam	director	K. Subramaniam
Deflation (2001 film)	director	Roger Ashton-Griffiths
Cattle Annie and Little Britches (film)	director	Lamont Johnson
Boss Engira Bhaskaran	director	M. Rajesh (director)
Rewers	director	Borys Lankosz
The Legend of Marilyn Monroe	director	Terry Sanders
Defamation (film)	director	Yoav Shamir
A Man Betrayed (1936 film)	director	John H. Auer
Seven Keys (film)	director	Pat Jackson
High Risk (1981 film)	director	Stewart Raffill
Lucrèce Borgia	director	Christian-Jaque
Loose Woman: Getting Wet at Noon	director	Yūji Tajiri
Ju-on: White Ghost / Black Ghost	director	Ryuta Miyake
Ju-on: White Ghost / Black Ghost	director	Mari Asato
Pravarakhyudu	director	Madan
The Sentimental Engine Slayer	director	Omar Rodríguez-López
Inquiring Nuns	director	Gordon Quinn
The East Is Red (film)	director	Wang Ping (director)
Hostess Madness: Unparched Nectar	director	Yutaka Ikejima
Scenes of City Life	director	Yuan Muzhi
So F**king Rock Live	director	Matt Askern
Frankenstein's Castle of Freaks	director	Dick Randall
Style (TV series)	director	Oh Jong Rok
Hello (1999 film)	director	Selva Bharathy
Birdie & Bogey	director	Mike Norris (actor)
Aasaiyil Oru Kaditham	director	Selva (director)
Poomagal Oorvalam	director	Madhuravan
Kannedhirey Thondrinal	director	Ravichandran (director)
Mappillai (2011 film)	director	Suraj (director)
The Battle of Chile	director	Patricio Guzmán
Joru Ka Ghulam (2000 film)	director	Shakeel Noorani
Love from a Stranger (1947 film)	director	Richard Whorf
Hands of a Stranger	director	Newt Arnold
Smokescreen (film)	director	Jim O'Connolly
The Mighty Macs	director	Tim Chambers (director)
Oleanna (film)	director	David Mamet
Death on the Diamond	director	Edward Sedgwick
The Triumph of Sherlock Holmes	director	Leslie S. Hiscott
Samurai Sentai Shinkenger vs. Go-onger: GinmakuBang!!	director	Shōjirō Nakazawa
The Speckled Band (1931 film)	director	Jack Raymond
Hunting Trip	director	Greg Daniels
Natarang	director	Ravi Jadhav
Königswalzer	director	Viktor Tourjansky
The Mayor of Oyster Bay	director	Marcy Carsey
The Mayor of Oyster Bay	director	David Israel
Best Friend's Wife: The Black Panties of a Secret Rendezvous	director	Yutaka Ikejima
The Twilight Saga (film series)	director	Catherine Hardwicke
The Twilight Saga (film series)	director	Chris Weitz
The Twilight Saga (film series)	director	David Slade
The Twilight Saga (film series)	director	Bill Condon
Seven Girlfriends	director	Paul Lazarus
Mommy (film)	director	Max Allan Collins
Mommy 2: Mommy's Day	director	Max Allan Collins
Sex Guy's Inn: Women's Wiggling Asses	director	Yutaka Ikejima
MW (film)	director	Hitoshi Iwamoto
Honeymooner	director	Col Spector
Wife Returns	director	Lee Yong Suk
Faith, Fraud & Minimum Wage	director	George Mihalka
Un été à La Goulette	director	Férid Boughedir
A Dangerous Man	director	Keoni Waxman
The Wicker Tree	director	Robin Hardy (film director)
Travelling with Pets	director	Vera Storozheva
It's a Trap!	director	Peter Shin
Revenge Quest	director	Alan DeHerrera
Peter Pan (1976 musical)	director	Dwight Hemion
Hadewijch (film)	director	Bruno Dumont
Toronto Youth Shorts Film Festival	director	Greater Toronto Area
Gada Meilin (film)	director	Feng Xiaoning
Merry Madagascar	director	David Soren
Om Namah Shivay (TV series)	director	Dheeraj Kumar
The Con Artist (film)	director	Risa Bramon Garcia
A Street to Die	director	Bill Bennett (director)
Greenberg (film)	director	Noah Baumbach
American Threnody	director	Robert Rex Jackson
Ho Ho Ho (film)	director	Jesus del Cerro
The Bahamas Triangle	director	Victor Neili, Jr.
Sabaka	director	Frank Ferrin
Three Blondes in His Life	director	Leon Chooluck
No, No, Nanette (1940 film)	director	Herbert Wilcox
The Hoodlum Soldier	director	Yasuzo Masumura
The Last Mile (1932 film)	director	Samuel Bischoff
The Bronze Buckaroo	director	Richard C. Kahn
Let's Go Collegiate	director	Jean Yarbrough
Uptown New York	director	Victor Schertzinger
The Girl in Lovers Lane	director	Charles R. Rondeau
The Joy Girl	director	Allan Dwan
Seinfeld (Curb Your Enthusiasm)	director	Jeff Schaffer
Seinfeld (Curb Your Enthusiasm)	director	Andy Ackerman
Self Defense (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	Barbara Kopple
Life Begins for Andy Hardy	director	George B. Seitz
Dead Lucky	director	Montgomery Tully
The Native Americans	director	John Borden
The Native Americans	director	Phil Lucas
The Native Americans	director	George Burdeau
Meet Boston Blackie	director	Robert Florey
Please Murder Me	director	Peter Godfrey (director)
Fugitive Valley	director	S. Roy Luby
Money Madness	director	Sam Newfield
Finding Dawn	director	Christine Welsh
Hideo Nakata's Kaidan	director	Hideo Nakata
Tokyo Is Dreaming	director	Peter I. Chang
Une vie qui commence	director	Michel Monty
Road to Sangam	director	Amit Rai
Raat Gayi Baat Gayi?	director	Saurabh Shukla
Ab Aeterno	director	Tucker Gates
Handy Manny's Motorcycle Adventure	director	Charles E. Bastien
Handy Manny's Motorcycle Adventure	director	Susan Blu
Apache Blood	director	Vern Piehl
Housefull (1999 film)	director	R. Parthiban
A Lecture on Camouflage	director	Chuck Jones
Blake of Scotland Yard (1937 film)	director	Robert F. Hill
Uncivilised (film)	director	Charles Chauvel (filmmaker)
The Petty Girl	director	Henry Levin
Talaash (TV series)	director	Atiqa Odho
Vice Academy	director	Rick Sloane
Lulu and Jimi	director	Oskar Roehler
The Mosquito Problem and Other Stories	director	Andrey Paounov
Patiala House	director	Nikhil Advani
Street Law (film)	director	Enzo G. Castellari
Magizhchi	director	V. Gowthaman
Fjols til fjells	director	Edith Carlmar
Billy the Kid Trapped	director	Sam Newfield
Rescued by Rover	director	Cecil Hepworth
Rescued by Rover	director	Lewin Fitzhamon
The Head Hunter	director	Shing Hon Lau
Hollywood Man	director	Jack Starrett
Eyes in the Night	director	Fred Zinnemann
Flipped (film)	director	Rob Reiner
The Mandarin Mystery	director	Ralph Staub
Deadline (2009 film)	director	Sean McConville (director)
Hangman's Graveyard	director	Mick Grogan
Level (7) with Me	director	John Fortenberry
Jyothi (1976 film)	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Happy Feet Two	director	George Miller (filmmaker)
Princess of Mars	director	Mark Atkins
They Came From Beyond Space	director	Freddie Francis
Jhootha Hi Sahi	director	Abbas Tyrewala
By Design	director	Claude Jutra
Mystery Liner	director	William Nigh
To Rob a Thief	director	Joe Menendez
Sathi Leelavathi (1936 film)	director	Ellis R. Dungan
You Can't Tell A Crook By His Cover (Frasier episode)	director	Andy Ackerman
A Different Story	director	Paul Aaron
Mill of the Stone Women	director	Giorgio Ferroni
El abanico de Lady Windermere	director	Juan José Ortega
Wicked, Wicked	director	Richard L. Bare
Corregidor (1943 film)	director	William Nigh
Dabangg	director	Abhinav Kashyap
127 Hours	director	Danny Boyle
The Eagle Path	director	Jean-Claude Van Damme
The New Kids (film)	director	Sean S. Cunningham
Hardwired (film)	director	Ernie Barbarash
Les Diables	director	Christophe Ruggia
Ang Tanging Pamilya: A Marry Go Round	director	Wenn V. Deramas
Nelly (film)	director	Laure Duthilleul
King of Bollywood (film)	director	Piyush Jha
Alexandria... New York	director	Youssef Chahine
Bienvenue en Suisse	director	Léa Fazer
Where the River Runs Black	director	Christopher Cain
The Don's Analyst	director	David Jablin
Rampage (2009 film)	director	Uwe Boll
100,000 Pounds	director	Alekos Leivaditis
She-Wolves of the Wasteland	director	Robert Hayes
The Dog Who Saved Christmas	director	Michael Feifer
Let's Give the Boy a Hand	director	Robert Lieberman
Ways to Live Forever (film)	director	Gustavo Ron
A.D. (film)	director	Ben Hibon
Hotel (2004 film)	director	Jessica Hausner
Catalysts (The Spectacular Spider-Man)	director	Victor Cook
You Are on Indian Land	director	Mort Ransen
Smart Girls Don't Talk	director	Richard L. Bare
Return to Macon County	director	Richard Compton
Mosagallaku Mosagadu	director	K. S. R. Das
Alice Cooper a Paris	director	Agnès Delarive
Passages (film)	director	Yang Chao (film director)
Professor Pepper's School of Good Stuff	director	Amy Tam
Marseille (film)	director	Angela Schanelec
In the Darkness of the Night	director	João Canijo
Cash (2010 film)	director	Stephen Milburn Anderson
Lake of the Dead	director	Kåre Bergstrøm
Rusty: A Dog's Tale	director	Shuki Levy
Mademoiselle ma mère	director	Henri Decoin
La Marie du port	director	Marcel Carné
7 Days (film)	director	Daniel Grou
Toi, le venin	director	Robert Hossein
A Menina da Rádio	director	Arthur Duarte
Mano Po 6: A Mother's Love	director	Joel Lamangan
As Pupilas do Senhor Reitor	director	José Leitão de Barros
Nick Carter, le roi des détectives	director	Victorin-Hippolyte Jasset
Lightweight (film)	director	Jean-Pierre Améris
Thunder in the East (film)	director	Charles Vidor
Gypsy (1993 film)	director	Emile Ardolino
Hittin' the Trail	director	Robert N. Bradbury
The Invincible Gladiator	director	Alberto De Martino
The Invincible Gladiator	director	Antonio Momplet
Mar de amor	director	Eric Morales
Winds of September	director	Lin Shu-yu
Circle of the Sun	director	Colin Low (filmmaker)
Manhattanites	director	Gregori J. Martin
Manhattanites	director	Darnell Williams
Kalamegam	director	Ellis R. Dungan
Flowing Gold	director	Alfred E. Green
Tirugu Leni Manishi	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Love Affair (1932 film)	director	Thornton Freeland
The Bed-Sitting Room (film)	director	Richard Lester
Under the Gun (Sledge Hammer!)	director	Martha Coolidge
Hammer Gets Nailed	director	Charles Braverman
Witless	director	Jackie Cooper
National Lampoon's Golf Punks	director	Harvey Frost
Tales from Beyond	director	Josh Austin
Tales from Beyond	director	Nate Barlow
Tales from Beyond	director	Eric Manning
Tales from Beyond	director	Russell Scott
They Shoot Hammers, Don't They?	director	David Wechter
Dori Day Afternoon	director	James Sheldon
Fillmore (film)	director	Richard T. Heffron
ODDSAC	director	Danny Perez
The Spa Who Loved Me	director	Jackie Cooper
Down Liberty Road	director	Jerry Fairbanks
Red Velvet	director	Bruce Dickson
All Shook Up (Sledge Hammer!)	director	Jackie Cooper
State of Sledge	director	Dan Attias
The Show (1995 film)	director	Brian Robbins
Welcome (2009 film)	director	Philippe Lioret
Sex Kittens Go to College	director	Albert Zugsmith
Seemanthini	director	Ellis R. Dungan
3 Seasons in Hell	director	Tomáš Mašín
Death at a Funeral (2010 film)	director	Neil LaBute
The Gate of Sun	director	Yousry Nasrallah
Salve Geral	director	Sérgio Rezende
To Sledge, with Love	director	David Wechter
The Night Before Christmas (1905 film)	director	Edwin Stanton Porter
The Hawk of Powder River	director	Ray Taylor
Friends (With Benefits)	director	Gorman Bechard
Dinner with a Vampire	director	Lamberto Bava
Graveyard Disturbance	director	Lamberto Bava
It Is Not the Homosexual Who Is Perverse, But the Society in Which He Lives	director	Rosa von Praunheim
Le Boulet	director	Alain Berbérian
Le Boulet	director	Frédéric Forestier
Two-Gun Man from Harlem	director	Richard C. Kahn
Paramedics (film)	director	Stuart Margolin
Liberty & Bash	director	Myrl A. Schreibman
The Window (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Slightly Honorable	director	Tay Garnett
Tom's Divorce	director	Troy Miller
The Zoo Gang (film)	director	Pen Densham
The Zoo Gang (film)	director	John Watson (producer)
Munyurangabo	director	Lee Isaac Chung
The Headless Woman (2008 film)	director	Lucrecia Martel
Frontier of the Dawn	director	Philippe Garrel
4 Clowns	director	Robert Youngson
Delwende	director	S. Pierre Yameogo
Peepli Live	director	Anusha Rizvi
Prison of Secrets	director	Fred Gerber
The Silent Twins (film)	director	Jon Amiel
Queen of Hearts (1989 film)	director	Jon Amiel
The Ballroom of Romance	director	Pat O'Connor (director)
Magadheerudu	director	Vijaya Bapineedu
The Ogre (1988 film)	director	Lamberto Bava
Christian Brothers (film)	director	Joshi (director)
Armless	director	Habib Azar
The Merchant of Four Seasons	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Wolfshead: The Legend of Robin Hood	director	John Hough (director)
Safe Conduct (film)	director	Bertrand Tavernier
Taken In Broad Daylight	director	Gary Yates
Twelve Men of Christmas	director	Arlene Sanford
Ponmudi (1950 film)	director	Ellis R. Dungan
Big Man on Hippocampus	director	Dominic Bianchi
3 Dancing Slaves	director	Gaël Morel
Every Mother's Worst Fear	director	Bill L. Norton
Paanch Ghantey Mien Paanch Crore	director	Faisal Saif
Cinématon	director	Gérard Courant
Carl Gustav, gjengen og parkeringsbandittene	director	Ola Solum
Wapakman	director	Topel Lee
Lovely (film)	director	Sakthi (director)
Rojavanam	director	Selva (director)
Pooveli	director	Selva (director)
Gokulathil Seethai	director	Agathiyan
Ninaivirukkum Varai	director	K. Subhash
Time (1999 film)	director	Geetha Krishna
Doubles (2000 film)	director	Pandiarajan
God's House	director	Rachel Goslins
My God, My God, Why Hast Thou Forsaken Me?	director	Shinji Aoyama
I Am Guilty	director	Christoph Hochhäusler
Devathai	director	Nassar
Pudhayal	director	Selva (director)
Third Person Singular Number	director	Mostofa Sarwar Farooki
Without Consent	director	Robert Iscove
Mr. Monk and the End	director	Randall Zisk
Over My Dead Bodyguard	director	Charles S. Dubin
Direct Hit (film)	director	Joseph Merhi
Magnum Farce	director	Charles Braverman
Yuddham Sei	director	Mysskin
Hassiba	director	Raymond Boutros
Up From the Depths	director	Charles B. Griffith
Nassim al-Roh	director	Abdellatif Abdelhamid
The Infidel (2010 film)	director	Josh Appignanesi
Wallander - Innan frosten	director	Kjell-Åke Andersson
Prince Valiant (1997 film)	director	Anthony Hickox
Roughshod (film)	director	Mark Robson
Johanna (film)	director	Kornél Mundruczó
Dark Alibi	director	Phil Karlson
Sweet Dreams (1996 film)	director	Jack Bender
Charade (1953 film)	director	Roy Kellino
If I Had a Little Hammer	director	Kim Manners
Losing Control	director	Valerie Weiss
Zweiohrküken	director	Til Schweiger
Inqilab	director	Gauhar Raza
Him Ganga Hum	director	Gauhar Raza
An Unfinished Affair	director	Rod Hardy
Small Island (television drama)	director	John Alexander (director)
Je, tu, il, elle	director	Chantal Akerman
Seven Doors to Death	director	Elmer Clifton
Wallenberg: A Hero's Story	director	Lamont Johnson
Good Evening, Mr. Wallenberg	director	Kjell Grede
Bad Faith (Law & Order)	director	Dann Florek
Jagged Sledge	director	Reza Badiyi
Kiss and Make-Up	director	Harlan Thompson
Manthiri Kumari	director	Ellis R. Dungan
Comrade Hammer	director	Bruce Bilson
El Misterio de Huracán Ramírez	director	Joselito Rodríguez
Whisper of the Heart (film)	director	Yoshifumi Kondō
Do Aur Do Paanch	director	Abhijeet SenGupta
If... (Desperate Housewives)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
You Gotta Get a Gimmick	director	David Grossman (director)
Make the Yuletide Gay	director	Rob Williams (filmmaker)
Suryavamsam	director	Vikraman
Paattali	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Narasimma (film)	director	Tirupathisamy
Left Right and Centre	director	Sidney Gilliat
Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me (film)	director	Joel Hershman
I Am (2010 film)	director	Onir
Chattamtho Poratam	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
Scrooge; or, Marley's Ghost	director	Walter R. Booth
Pokémon: Zoroark: Master of Illusions	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
Accident on Hill Road	director	Mahesh Nair
Ourselves Alone	director	Brian Desmond Hurst
Marmaduke (film)	director	Tom Dey
The Dark Avenger	director	Henry Levin
Christmas Scandal	director	Randall Einhorn
Little White Lies (film)	director	Guillaume Canet
How About a Friendly Shrink?	director	Lonny Price
The Tichborne Claimant (film)	director	David Yates
Bitter Sweet (1933 film)	director	Herbert Wilcox
Rugrats (season 1)	director	Howard Baker
Rugrats (season 1)  Rugrats   2	director	Howard Baker
Rugrats (season 1)  Rugrats   3	director	Daniel Thompson
Rugrats (season 1)  Rugrats   4	director	Daniel Thompson
Rugrats (season 1)  Rugrats   5	director	Howard Baker
Rugrats (season 1)  Rugrats   6	director	Howard Baker
Rugrats (season 1)  Rugrats   7	director	Howard Baker
No Problem (film)	director	Anees Bazmee
Raktha Sindhuram	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
Yudda Bhoomi	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
What If... (film)	director	Dallas Jenkins
The Wager (2007 film)	director	Judson Pearce Morgan
Encantadia: The Second Saga	director	Mark A. Reyes
Le filmeur	director	Alain Cavalier
Northeast (film)	director	Juan Diego Solanas
Sangre (film)	director	Amat Escalante
Sleeper (2005 film)	director	Benjamin Heisenberg
Be-Shure (Ugly Betty)	director	David Dworetsky
The Forsaken Land	director	Vimukthi Jayasundara
The Public Eye (Dollhouse)	director	David Solomon (producer)
Zim and Co.	director	Pierre Jolivet
C'est pas tout à fait la vie dont j'avais rêvé	director	Michel Piccoli
The Left Hand (Dollhouse)	director	Wendey Stanzler
Everything Put Together	director	Marc Forster
A Reasonable Man	director	Gavin Hood
Spirits of the Air, Gremlins of the Clouds	director	Alex Proyas
Eden Is West	director	Costa-Gavras
Colossus and the Amazon Queen	director	Vittorio Sala
Drums in the Deep South	director	William Cameron Menzies
End of the World (1977 film)	director	John Hayes (director)
The Restless Breed	director	Allan Dwan
Nomos 4000	director	Giannis Dalianidis
Mano Po	director	Joel Lamangan
The Users (film)	director	Joseph Hardy (director)
Benji's Very Own Christmas Story	director	Joe Camp
Le Donk & Scor-zay-zee	director	Shane Meadows
The British Invasion (Dexter)	director	Steve Shill
Supari (film)	director	Padam Kumar
La Raison du plus faible	director	Lucas Belvaux
New Delhi (1987 film)	director	Joshi (director)
Airport (upcoming film)	director	Anubhav Sinha
Eagle Flute	director	Tao Jiang
Mitti	director	Jatinder Mauhar
The Getaway (Dexter)	director	Steve Shill
Real Underwear Body	director	Yutaka Ikejima
Horse and Woman and Dog	director	Hisayasu Satō
The Other Man (2008 film)	director	Richard Eyre
Thambikottai	director	R. Ammu Ramesh
Evidam Swargamanu	director	Rosshan Andrrews
Shake, Rattle & Roll XI	director	Jessell Monteverde
Shake, Rattle & Roll XI	director	Rico Gutierrez
Shake, Rattle & Roll XI	director	Don Michael Perez
Paleri Manikyam: Oru Pathirakolapathakathinte Katha	director	Ranjith (director)
The Casino Job	director	Christopher Robin Hood
Cain and Abel (film)	director	Shane Woodson
977 (film)	director	Nikolay Khomeriki
Web Cam (film)	director	Antoni Sole
Rudranetra	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Bled Number One	director	Rabah Ameur-Zaïmeche
The Violin	director	Francisco Vargas (director)
Nyayam Kavali	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
Italians and Other Strangers	director	Lucas Kazan
Renigunta (film)	director	Paneerselvam
Edhuvum Nadakkum	director	R. Rosario
Edhuvum Nadakkum	director	K. Maheswaran
The Headless Woman (1947 film)	director	Luis César Amadori
Come Fly with Me (Modern Family)	director	Jason Winer
The Incident (Modern Family)	director	Jason Winer
Coal Digger	director	Jason Winer
Allá en el Rancho Grande	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Secret Santa (30 Rock)	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Run for Your Wife (Modern Family)	director	Jason Winer
En Garde (Modern Family)	director	Randall Einhorn
Great Expectations (Modern Family)	director	Jason Winer
Fizbo	director	Jason Winer
Undeck the Halls	director	Randall Einhorn
La Tía Alejandra	director	Arturo Ripstein
Last Cigarette Ever	director	Pamela Fryman
Aalaya Sikharam	director	Kodi Ramakrishna
Roshagadu	director	K. S. R. Das
Prema Pichollu	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
Kirathakudu	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
Aloma of the South Seas (1926 film)	director	Maurice Tourneur
Shake Rattle and Roll XI	director	Jessell Monteverde
Shake Rattle and Roll XI	director	Rico Gutierrez
Shake Rattle and Roll XI	director	Don Michael Perez
Midnight Phantom (TV series)	director	Cathy Garcia Molina
Paraguayan Hammock	director	Paz Encina
Manchi Donga	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
The Wedding Director	director	Marco Bellocchio
Mosagadu	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Chattaniki Kallu Levu	director	S. A. Chandrasekhar
Italian Style (2000 film)	director	Lucas Kazan
Meurtrières	director	Patrick Grandperret
Shivudu Shivudu Shivudu	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
Simhapuri Simham	director	Kodi Ramakrishna
Devanthakudu	director	S. A. Chandrasekhar
Frozen (2010 American film)	director	Adam Green (filmmaker)
Ko (film)	director	K. V. Anand
Smokin' Aces 2: Assassins' Ball	director	P. J. Pesce
La Zandunga (film)	director	Fernando de Fuentes
La Zandunga (film)	director	Miguel M. Delgado
Brown of Harvard (1911 film)	director	Colin Campbell (director)
I Am Love (film)	director	Luca Guadagnino
Brown of Harvard (1918 film)	director	Harry Beaumont
The Down Low	director	Nick Gomez
Remorse (House)	director	Andrew Bernstein (director)
Moving the Chains	director	David Straiton
State Rowdy	director	B. Gopal
Beer (film)	director	Patrick Kelly
Hit Back	director	Mikhail Tumanishvili
In the Zone of Special Attention	director	Andrei Malyukov
Yugapurushan	director	R. Sukumaran
Eleftherios Venizelos (film)	director	Pantelis Voulgaris
Joyride (1977 film)	director	Joseph Ruben
The Unforgiven (2005 film)	director	Jong-bin Yun
You Am I (film)	director	Kristijonas Vildžiūnas
Our Winning Season	director	Joseph Ruben
El Monasterio de los Buitres	director	Francisco del Villar
Las Pirañas aman en Cuaresma	director	Francisco del Villar
Jebu Donga	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
Rakshasudu	director	A. Kodandarami Reddy
Closed for the Season (film)	director	Jay Woelfel
Utharam	director	Pavithran
The Boy on the Galloping Horse	director	Adam Guziński
Nouvelle chance	director	Anne Fontaine (filmmaker)
Engeyum Kaadhal	director	Prabhu Deva
A Map of the World (film)	director	Scott Eliott
Agni Gundam	director	Kranthi Kumar
The Official NZ Top 40	director	Damien Daniels
The House Is Burning	director	Holger Ernst
Jackass 3D	director	Jeff Tremaine
Mykonos: LKP Casting 03	director	Ettore Tosi
Piano Blues (film)	director	Clint Eastwood
Nobody, Nobody But... Juan	director	Eric Quizon
Fine Things (film)	director	Tom Moore (director)
Califunya	director	Becky Stark
Blizzard (film)	director	LeVar Burton
Satyam Shivam	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Tracker (film)	director	Ian Sharp
Shore Leave (film)	director	John S. Robertson
A Beginner's Guide to Endings	director	Jonathan Sobol
Meet Jane Doe	director	Dwight H. Little
Paper Chasers	director	Maxie Collier
Tyagayya (1946 film)	director	Chittor V. Nagaiah
Good and Naughty (film)	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
Bad Karma (1991 film)	director	Alex Chandon
A Love Supreme (Dollhouse)	director	David Straiton
Drillbit (film)	director	Alex Chandon
Chainsaw Scumfuck	director	Alex Chandon
Night Pastor	director	Alex Chandon
Stop-Loss (Dollhouse)	director	Félix Enríquez Alcalá
Gladiator of Rome	director	Mario Costa
Follow the Stars Home	director	Dick Lowry
The Attic (Dollhouse)	director	John Cassaday
Dealbreakers Talk Show	director	Don Scardino
Mort's End	director	Alex Valkema
Gharana Bullodu	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Antham	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Booky Makes Her Mark	director	Peter Moss
The Green Promise	director	William D. Russell
Money (1993 film)	director	Shiva Nageswara Rao
Devi Putrudu	director	Kodi Ramakrishna
Revolt of the Barbarians	director	Guido Malatesta
Wog Boy 2: Kings of Mykonos	director	Peter Andrikidis
Manchu Pallaki	director	Vamsy
The Fallen Sparrow	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Anveshana	director	Vamsy
Range Defenders	director	Mack V. Wright
Over the Top (TV series)	director	Michael Lembeck
Pramani	director	B. Unnikrishnan
Spanish Movie	director	Javier Ruiz Caldera
The Beast (1975 film)	director	Sergio Corbucci
A.R.O.G	director	Cem Yılmaz
A.R.O.G	director	Ali Taner Baltacı
Changes (1991 film)	director	Charles Jarrott
Hadley's Rebellion	director	Fred Walton
Girl Time	director	Will Cowan
Nirnayam (1991 film)	director	Priyadarshan
Don't Open Till Christmas	director	Edmund Purdom
King Kelly of the U.S.A.	director	Leonard Fields
Aavida Maa Aavide	director	E. V. V. Satyanarayana
The Caller (2008 film)	director	Richard Ledes
Rain Fall	director	Max Mannix
Jeevana Jyothi (1975 film)	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Decalogue I	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Jerry and Tom	director	Saul Rubinek
Decalogue II	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Music Ka Maha Muqqabla	director	Gajendra Singh
Dieu a besoin des hommes	director	Jean Delannoy
Dr. Holl	director	Rolf Hansen (director)
Decalogue III	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Leva på 'Hoppet'	director	Göran Gentele
If Someone Had Known	director	Eric Laneuville
...Sans laisser d'adresse	director	Jean-Paul Le Chanois
Chloe (film)	director	Atom Egoyan
Arrietty	director	Hiromasa Yonebayashi
Glen and Randa	director	Jim McBride
Hotel Italia	director	Lucas Kazan
Young Man with Ideas	director	Mitchell Leisen
Series 1: Episode 1 (Ashes to Ashes)	director	Jonny Campbell
The Full Monteverdi (film)	director	John La Bouchardière
Raithu Bidda (1939 film)	director	Gudavalli Ramabrahmam
Dancing with Time	director	Trevor Peters
Do Not Disturb (1965 film)	director	Ralph Levy
Bad Reputation (film)	director	Jim Hemphill
I Ought to Be in Pictures (film)	director	Herbert Ross
Dinner for Schmucks	director	Jay Roach
Casablanca Express	director	Sergio Martino
Our First Day of School	director	Michael Spiller
Shikshanachya Aaicha Gho	director	Mahesh Manjrekar
Entotsu no mieru basho	director	Heinosuke Gosho
For Love and Honor	director	Ömer Vargı
The Pom Pom Girls	director	Joseph Ruben
The Sister-in-Law	director	Joseph Ruben
The Baby (film)	director	Ted Post
In Love and War (2001 film)	director	John Kent Harrison
The White Angel	director	Mahsun Kırmızıgül
Miss Fane's Baby Is Stolen	director	Alexander Hall
The Little Apocalypse (2006 film)	director	Yağmur Taylan
The Little Apocalypse (2006 film)	director	Durul Taylan
Solitary Man (film)	director	Brian Koppelman
Call Me: The Rise and Fall of Heidi Fleiss (film)	director	Charles McDougall
The Skulls II	director	Joe Chappelle
The Unfrocked One	director	Léo Joannon
Staying Together (film)	director	Lee Grant
Johnny Tootall	director	Shirley Cheechoo
The Skulls III	director	J. Miles Davis
Decalogue IV	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Three Hours	director	James Flood
Louie (TV series)	director	Louis C.K.
MacGruber (film)	director	Jorma Taccone
Ako Legal Wife	director	Joel Lamangan
Upon This Rock (Heroes)	director	Ron Underwood
True noon (film)	director	Nosir Saidov
Jaya Ganga	director	Vijay Singh (writer and filmmaker)
Gone with the Pope	director	Duke Mitchell
Endless Love (Philippine TV series)	director	Mac Alejandre
Endless Love (Philippine TV series)	director	Andoy Ranay
Mambattiyan	director	Thyagarajan
Diario de una Ninfómana	director	Christian Molina
The Landowner's Daughter	director	Tom Payne (director)
The Landowner's Daughter	director	Oswaldo Sampaio
Va (film)	director	Pushkar-Gayathri
The Big Street	director	Irving Reis
Reunion (30 Rock)	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Moonlight and Mistletoe	director	Karen Arthur
Coolie No. 1	director	David Dhawan
The Man Who Came Back (2008 film)	director	Glen Pitre
Our Role Models	director	Gail Mancuso
Our Drunk Friend	director	Michael McDonald (comedian)
Let It Bleed (Heroes)	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Milagro en Roma	director	Lisandro Duque Naranjo
Elvira's Halloween Special	director	Mark Pierson
Donatella	director	Mario Monicelli
The Road of Life	director	Alfonso Corona Blake
Here (2009 film)	director	Tzu Nyen Ho
The Arcadian	director	Dekker Dreyer
Akarshan (1988 film)	director	Tanvir Ahmed (director)
Decalogue V	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Uncle Hyacynth	director	Ladislao Vajda
The Fourth King	director	Michael Ekbladh
The Fourth King	director	Ted Sieger
Rythmetic	director	Norman McLaren
Rythmetic	director	Evelyn Lambart
The Torch (film)	director	Emilio Fernández
Easy to Wed	director	Edward Buzzell
Jolly Life	director	Yılmaz Erdoğan
Thiruvalla (film)	director	Vijaya T. Rajendar
Rajadi Rajavan	director	Vijaya T. Rajendar
Fresh Blood (Supernatural)	director	Kim Manners
Mr Firecul	director	Jade Carmen
The White Raven	director	Andrew Stevens
The Blood Bond	director	Michael Biehn
The Blood Bond	director	Bey Logan
Manhattan Cocktail (film)	director	Dorothy Arzner
Lisinski (film)	director	Oktavijan Miletić
Here Come the Nelsons	director	Frederick de Cordova
Before Sundown	director	Gottfried Reinhardt
My Neighbor's Secret	director	Leslie Hope
Big River Man	director	John Maringouin
Vanity Fair (1923 film)	director	Hugo Ballin
Birdemic: Shock and Terror	director	James Nguyen
This Is My Affair	director	William A. Seiter
Ajooba Kudrat Ka	director	Shyam Ramsay
Ajooba Kudrat Ka	director	Tulsi Ramsay
Assault Girls	director	Mamoru Oshii
The Inspector (1962 film)	director	Philip Dunne (writer)
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland (1910 film)	director	Edwin Stanton Porter
The Last Flight (2009 film)	director	Karim Dridi
Last Wedding	director	Bruce Sweeney
1918 (film)	director	Toivo Särkkä
Whom God Forgives	director	José María Forqué
Arashi (film)	director	Hiroshi Inagaki
Alice in Wonderland (1931 film)	director	Bud Pollard
Alias the Doctor	director	Michael Curtiz
Alias the Doctor	director	Lloyd Bacon
The Last Ones Shall Be First	director	Rolf Hansen (director)
Hot Millions	director	Eric Till
The War on Kids	director	Cevin Soling
Harmony Cats	director	Sandy Wilson (director)
Help Wanted (SpongeBob SquarePants)	director	Stephen Hillenburg
Help Wanted (SpongeBob SquarePants)	director	Alan Smart
Black Swarm	director	David Winning
Made in Dagenham	director	Nigel Cole
Another Harvest Moon	director	Greg Swartz
Rio (film)	director	Carlos Saldanha
Where Is Warehouse Mouse?	director	David Rudman
The Tough	director	Salah Abu Seif
Happiness (1956 film)	director	Alfonso Corona Blake
The Window to Luna Park	director	Luigi Comencini
Close to You (Heroes)	director	Roxann Dawson
Pittsburgh (2006 film)	director	Chris Bradley (director)
Pittsburgh (2006 film)	director	Kyle LaBrache
The Curse of King Tut's Tomb (1980 film)	director	Philip Leacock
The Matinee Idol	director	Frank Capra
The Sundowner	director	Steve Christolos
Don't Cry for Me, Albuquerque	director	Charles Haid
The Adventures of Arsène Lupin	director	Jacques Becker
Heroes of the Alamo	director	Harry L. Fraser
Manuela (1957 film)	director	Guy Hamilton
Murk (film)	director	Jannik Johansen
Chain Lightning (film)	director	Stuart Heisler
It Was Not in Vain	director	Nikola Tanhofer
Facing Ali	director	Pete McCormack
The Girl from Corfu	director	Yannis Petropoulakis
No Sun in Venice	director	Roger Vadim
Dzi Croquettes	director	Raphael Alvarez
Dzi Croquettes	director	Tatiana Issa
Decalogue VI	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Main Street to Broadway	director	Tay Garnett
Stevnemøte med glemte år	director	Jon Lennart Mjøen
Nireekshana	director	Balu Mahendra
U (film)	director	Serge Élissalde
U (film)	director	Grégoire Solotareff
Villon's Wife	director	Kichitaro Negishi
I Love You, Goodbye	director	Laurice Guillen
Illegal (1955 film)	director	Lewis Allen (director)
The Challenge (1960 film)	director	John Gilling
The Las Vegas Hillbillys	director	Arthur C. Pierce
A Woman of the World	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
Niagara Falls (1941 film)	director	Gordon Douglas
The Mooring	director	Glenn Withrow
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Bugs Bunny: Hare Extraordinaire	director	Friz Freleng
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Bugs Bunny: Hare Extraordinaire	director	Robert McKimson
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Bugs Bunny: Hare Extraordinaire	director	Chuck Jones
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Daffy Duck: Frustrated Fowl	director	Robert McKimson
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Daffy Duck: Frustrated Fowl	director	Friz Freleng
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Daffy Duck: Frustrated Fowl	director	Bob Clampett
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Daffy Duck: Frustrated Fowl	director	Chuck Jones
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Daffy Duck: Frustrated Fowl	director	Frank Tashlin
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Daffy Duck: Frustrated Fowl	director	Phil Monroe
The Beaver (film)	director	Jodie Foster
Anyone But Me	director	Tina Cesa Ward
Marines, Let's Go	director	Raoul Walsh
Tizoc (film)	director	Ismael Rodríguez
Denizen (film)	director	J.A. Steel
Welad El Am	director	Sherif Arafa
The Iron Gate	director	Youssef Chahine
The Temptress and the Monk	director	Eisuke Takizawa
Ben Hur (TV miniseries)	director	Steve Shill
Der 10. Mai	director	Franz Schnyder
Paano Na Kaya	director	Ruel S. Bayani
Mabel's Blunder	director	Mabel Normand
Stark Love	director	Karl Brown (cinematographer)
Raging Phoenix	director	Rashane Limtrakul
Hokm (film)	director	Masoud Kimiai
Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey	director	Ashutosh Gowariker
Kimmy Dora	director	Joyce E. Bernal
John and Michael	director	Shira Avni
Subterranean Homeboy Blues (Law & Order)	director	E.W. Swackhamer
Peacemaker (1990 film)	director	Kevin S. Tenney
Luna Caliente	director	Vicente Aranda
Sarraounia (film)	director	Med Hondo
Veerappa Nayaka	director	S.Narayan
Dieter: Der Film	director	Michael Schaack
Dieter: Der Film	director	Toby Genkel
The Captivating Star of Happiness	director	Vladimir Motyl
White King, Red Queen	director	Sergei Bodrov
Titsiana Booberini	director	Robert Luketic
The Burning Season (1994 film)	director	John Frankenheimer
Strike Commando 2	director	Bruno Mattei
The Girl on the Train	director	André Téchiné
The Dirty Dozen: The Deadly Mission	director	Lee H. Katzin
El Hijo de Huracán Ramírez	director	Joselito Rodríguez
Sati Tulasi (1936 film)	director	Chitrapu Narasimha Rao
Annapurna (film)	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
I Was a Mail Order Bride	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
Jun'ai monogatari	director	Tadashi Imai
The Law Is the Law	director	Christian-Jaque
Pilot (Better Off Ted)	director	Michael Fresco
Furry Vengeance	director	Roger Kumble
Beverly Hills Bodysnatchers	director	Jonathan Mostow
The Body (1970 film)	director	Roy Battersby
Training Rules	director	Dee Mosbacher
Training Rules	director	Fawn Yacker
Desmond's Trashed Apple Tree	director	Magnus Carlsson (illustrator)
Killpoint	director	Frank Harris
Miriam (film)	director	William Markus
Decalogue VII	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Ash Wednesday (1958 film)	director	Roberto Gavaldón
The French Kissers	director	Riad Sattouf
Mädchen in Uniform (1958 film)	director	Géza von Radványi
The Two of Us (1981 TV series)	director	Asaad Kelada
The Two of Us (1981 TV series)	director	Peter Bonerz
Oi paranomoi	director	Nikos Koundouros
A Party in Hell	director	Samuel Khachikian
A Party in Hell	director	Mushegh Sarvarian
Yahşi Batı	director	Ömer Faruk Sorak
Schooled (film)	director	Brooks Elms
The Keeper (2004 film)	director	Paul Lynch (director)
The Red Pony (1949 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Malaal	director	Mehreen Jabbar
Thunichal	director	Majith
Pugaippadam	director	Rajesh Lingam
Football's Next Star	director	Rob Clifford
Football's Next Star	director	Mel Crawford
Football's Next Star	director	Nik Warner
Zero Focus (2009 film)	director	Inudō Isshin
Una cita de amor	director	Emilio Fernández
Making Sandwiches	director	Sandra Bullock
Dear Doctor (film)	director	Miwa Nishikawa
A Wife's Life	director	Dave O'Brien
One Damned Day at Dawn...Django Meets Sartana!	director	Demofilo Fidani
Di que sí	director	Juan Carlos Calvo
Dead Men Don't Make Shadows	director	Demofilo Fidani
Canone Inverso	director	Ricky Tognazzi
Blackmail (Law & Order)	director	Marc Levin
Kauravar	director	Joshi
Out of Sight (1966 film)	director	Lennie Weinrib
Jonathan of the Night	director	Buddy Giovinazzo
Four Faces West	director	Alfred E. Green
Girlfriend (2004 film)	director	Karan Razdan
Mon Jaai	director	Moirangthem Maniram Singha
Ut av mørket	director	Arild Brinchmann
¡Viva lo imposible!	director	Rafael Gil
Murder in Three Acts	director	Gary Nelson
Archimède le clochard	director	Gilles Grangier
Astero	director	Dinos Dimopoulos
Decameron: Two Naughty Tales	director	Lucas Kazan
The Banker (The Office)	director	Jeffrey Blitz
Deceit (1989 film)	director	Albert Pyun
The Perfect Stranger (film)	director	Jefferson Moore
Chuck Versus the Three Words	director	Peter Lauer
Deceit (1923 film)	director	Oscar Micheaux
Pass/Fail	director	Michael Nankin
Carts of Darkness	director	Murray Siple
Rangula Ratnam	director	Bommireddy Narasimha Reddy
Letters to Juliet	director	Gary Winick
Four Jills in a Jeep	director	William A. Seiter
The Rest Is Silence (film)	director	Helmut Käutner
Ten Ready Rifles	director	José Luis Sáenz de Heredia
Up All Night (Modern Family)	director	Michael Spiller
House of Mahjong	director	Marco Mak
The Actress, the Dollars and the Transylvanians	director	Mircea Veroiu
His Supreme Moment	director	George Fitzmaurice
Other Men's Women	director	William A. Wellman
Mutiny (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Winnie the Pooh (film)	director	Stephen J. Anderson
Pointed Heels	director	A. Edward Sutherland
The Big Game (game show)	director	Bill Bennington
The Big Game (game show)	director	Dick Weinberg
Chattambinadu	director	Shafi (director)
Devasura	director	MS Jayaramayya
Shyama (film)	director	Joshi (director)
The Blue Mountains Mystery	director	Raymond Longford
The Blue Mountains Mystery	director	Lottie Lyell
The Glamorous Life (Desperate Housewives)	director	Bethany Rooney
Bolo Raam	director	Rakesh Chaturvedi
Pakshe	director	Mohan (director)
Beyond All Limits	director	Roberto Gavaldón
Naked Sun (film)	director	Miyoji Ieki
High Life (film)	director	Gary Yates
Tarot (2009 film)	director	Jun Lana
Hassan and Nayima	director	Henry Barakat
The Master and His Servants	director	Arne Skouen
Women They Talk About	director	Lloyd Bacon
The Little Snob	director	John G. Adolfi
Finishing School (film)	director	George Nichols, Jr.
Finishing School (film)	director	Wanda Tuchock
The Road to Ruin (1928 film)	director	Norton S. Parker
La Viuda Negra (1977 film)	director	Arturo Ripstein
Fé, Esperanza y Caridad	director	Luis Alcoriza
Fé, Esperanza y Caridad	director	Jorge Fons
Fé, Esperanza y Caridad	director	Alberto Bojórquez
DIY America	director	Aaron Rose
U R Not My Julie	director	Moirangthem Maniram Singha
Nuummioq	director	Otto Rosing
The Dirty Dozen: The Fatal Mission	director	Lee H. Katzin
Pony Soldier	director	Joseph M. Newman
Gunslinger's Revenge	director	Giovanni Veronesi
A Pearl in the Forest	director	Enkhtaivan Agvaantseren
Liberty Kid	director	Ilya Chaiken
A Many Splendored Thing (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	John McNaughton
Raffles the Amateur Cracksman	director	George Irving (American actor)
Decalogue VIII	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Waking Sleeping Beauty	director	Don Hahn
Mars Needs Moms	director	Simon Wells
House!	director	Julian Kemp
Pride (Law & Order)	director	Ed Sherin
Golden Gloves (1961 film)	director	Gilles Groulx
Wrestling (2008 film)	director	Jeremy O'Keefe
Killers (2010 film)	director	Robert Luketic
Getting Closer (Dollhouse)	director	Tim Minear
Wooly Boys	director	Leszek Burzynski
Vincent, François, Paul and the Others	director	Claude Sautet
Home Is the Hero	director	Fielder Cook
The Pilot (Two Guys and a Girl)	director	James Widdoes
The Phantom Carriage (1958 film)	director	Arne Mattsson
Natural Enemies	director	Jeff Kanew
Babiy Yar (film)	director	Jeff Kanew
Hot Tomorrows	director	Martin Brest
Episode 1.8 (Secret Diary of a Call Girl)	director	Susan Tully
Taking Liberty	director	Stuart Gillard
A Man Called Sarge	director	Stuart Gillard
Falling Up (film)	director	David M. Rosenthal (director)
Paree, Paree	director	Roy Mack
The Great Texas Dynamite Chase	director	Michael Pressman
Boulevard Nights	director	Michael Pressman
Those Lips, Those Eyes	director	Michael Pressman
Frankie and Johnny Are Married	director	Michael Pressman
Breach of Faith: A Family of Cops 2	director	David Greene (director)
A Family of Cops	director	Ted Kotcheff
Falling Angels (film)	director	Scott Smith (director)
Playroom	director	Manny Coto
Cover Up (1991 film)	director	Manny Coto
ZigZag (film)	director	David S. Goyer
Blue Songs (film)	director	Joseph Santley
Flight Command	director	Frank Borzage
Uncovered (film)	director	Jim McBride
A Bullet for Joey	director	Lewis Allen (director)
Kuttettan	director	Joshi (director)
We're in the Money (1935 film)	director	Ray Enright
Bad Bush	director	Samuel Genocchio
The Criminal Life of Archibaldo de la Cruz	director	Luis Buñuel
Stars at Noon	director	Jacques Ertaud
Stars at Noon	director	Marcel Ichac
Wolves of the Deep	director	Silvio Amadio
Pop Go The Sixties	director	Stanley Dorfman
Panoptikum 59	director	Walter Kolm-Veltée
The Holy Island	director	Debaki Bose
Indian Uprising (film)	director	Ray Nazarro
Sven Tuuva the Hero	director	Edvin Laine
Against Her Will: An Incident in Baltimore	director	Delbert Mann
Incident in a Small Town	director	Delbert Mann
Broken Spell (film)	director	Syamak Yasami
The Siege of Pinchgut	director	Harry Watt (director)
The Defeated Victor	director	Paolo Heusch
And That on Monday Morning	director	Luigi Comencini
The Duel at Silver Creek	director	Don Siegel
No Time for Flowers	director	Don Siegel
Count the Hours	director	Don Siegel
China Venture	director	Don Siegel
Crime in the Streets	director	Don Siegel
Edge of Eternity	director	Don Siegel
Hound-Dog Man	director	Don Siegel
Little Tokyo, U.S.A.	director	Otto Brower
The Aviator (1929 film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
Utz (1992 film)	director	George Sluizer
Dial Meg for Murder	director	Cyndi Tang
Sophie's World (film)	director	Erik Gustavson
The Green Hornet (TV series)	director	William Beaudine
The Green Hornet (TV series)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
The Green Hornet (TV series)	director	Larry Peerce
The Green Hornet (TV series)	director	Seymour Robbie
Irene (1926 film)	director	Alfred E. Green
Something Beneath (film)	director	David Winning
Suryakaanti	director	K. M. Chaitanya
Bel Ami (2011 film)	director	Declan Donnellan
Bel Ami (2011 film)	director	Nick Ormerod
Fotoamator	director	Dariusz Jabłoński (director)
Charlie Chan in Honolulu	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
My Son Shall Be Armenian	director	My Son Shall Be Armenian
Brian & Stewie	director	Dominic Bianchi
The Trap (1946 film)	director	Howard Bretherton
The Red Dragon	director	Phil Rosen
Steep (2007 film)	director	Mark Obenhaus
The Chain Reaction	director	Ian Barry (director)
The 24 Hour Woman	director	Nancy Savoca
La Cucina (film)	director	Allison R. Hebble
La Cucina (film)	director	Zed Starkovich
Freaknik: The Musical	director	Chris Prynoski
Freaknik: The Musical	director	Jacob Escobedo
Tilva Roš	director	Nikola Ležaić
Children of Invention	director	Tze Chun
The Last Ottoman	director	Mustafa Şevki Doğan
Sheila Levine Is Dead and Living in New York	director	Sidney J. Furie
Follow Kadri, Not Your Heart	director	Onur Tan
Organ (film)	director	Kei Fujiwara
Kohi Mero	director	Alok Nembang
Same Same But Different	director	Detlev Buck
Play-Girl	director	Ray Enright
Three Wise Fools (1946 film)	director	Edward Buzzell
Sombras de gloria	director	Andrew L. Stone
Sombras de gloria	director	Fernando C. Tamayo
Saathiya – Pyar ka Naya Ehsaas	director	Namit Sharma
Chhota Bheem	director	Rajiv Chilaka
Mother and Son (film)	director	Alexander Sokurov
Sons of Cuba	director	Andrew Lang
Panday Kids	director	Mike Tuviera
Panday Kids	director	Dominic Zapata
Seedan	director	Subramaniya Shiva
The Set Up (Parks and Recreation)	director	Troy Miller
The Lady is Willing	director	Mitchell Leisen
Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows	director	Guy Ritchie
Magkano Ang Iyong Dangal?	director	Chito Roño
September 30, 1955	director	James Bridges
Candyjam	director	Joanna Priestley
Grown Up	director	Joanna Priestley
Pro and Con	director	Joanna Priestley
Romance of a Jewess	director	D. W. Griffith
Exam (film)	director	Stuart Hazeldine
The Eternal Struggle (film)	director	Reginald Barker
The Secret Cinema (1968 film)	director	Paul Bartel
The Shooting of Dan McGrew (1924 film)	director	Clarence G. Badger
Blessings of the Land	director	Manuel Silos
St. Elmo (film)	director	Jerome Storm
A Glass of Water	director	Helmut Käutner
Trifling Women	director	Rex Ingram (director)
Not in My House	director	Chris Koch
Om Shanti (film)	director	Prakash Dantuluri
Montezuma (BBC documentary)	director	John Trefor
One Day in the Future	director	Boğaçhan Dündar
Pilot (The Middle)	director	Julie Anne Robinson
Remembering the Cosmos Flower	director	Junichi Suzuki
An Officer and a Car Salesman	director	Roy Ward Baker
Don't Move Here	director	Aaron Rose
Damage Control (episode)	director	Tony Goldwyn
Arabian Love	director	Jerome Storm
Air Force History and Museums Program	director	Clarence R. "Dick" Anderegg
Pledge Night	director	Paul Ziller
The Queen and I (film)	director	Nahid Persson Sarvestani
Quincy Adams Sawyer	director	Clarence G. Badger
Inside Fighting China	director	Stuart Legg
The Persuasionists	director	Tristram Shapeero
Drums of Love	director	D. W. Griffith
Última Parada 174	director	Bruno Barreto
Tenth Avenue Angel	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
Winchell (film)	director	Paul Mazursky
The Show Where Lilith Comes Back (Frasier episode)	director	James Burrows
The Hollow Men (Dollhouse)	director	Terrence O'Hara
Star Quest: The Odyssey	director	Jon Bonnell
Sister Mary Explains It All	director	Marshall Brickman
A Christmas Without Snow	director	John Korty
Decalogue IX	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Decalogue X	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
Museum Jorn, Silkeborg	director	Jacob Thage
Our Last Spring	director	Michael Cacoyannis
The Party Is Over	director	Leopoldo Torre Nilsson
Black Light Attack!	director	Don Scardino
Klaus and Greta	director	Gail Mancuso
The Naked Wine Show	director	Matt Campagna
His Glorious Night	director	Lionel Barrymore
A Dangerous Age	director	Sidney J. Furie
A Cool Sound from Hell	director	Sidney J. Furie
The Snake Woman	director	Sidney J. Furie
Three on a Spree	director	Sidney J. Furie
The Lawyer (film)	director	Sidney J. Furie
During One Night	director	Sidney J. Furie
Purple Hearts (film)	director	Sidney J. Furie
Hollow Point (film)	director	Sidney J. Furie
The Rage (1997 film)	director	Sidney J. Furie
My 5 Wives	director	Sidney J. Furie
Partners in Action	director	Sidney J. Furie
American Soldiers	director	Sidney J. Furie
Sabre (The Office)	director	John Krasinski
Tiger Claws	director	Kelly Makin
Fanci's Persuasion	director	Charles Herman-Wurmfeld
Grand Isle (film)	director	Mary Lambert
Clubland (1999 film)	director	Mary Lambert
I Want You (1951 film)	director	Mark Robson
Daddy's Gone A-Hunting (1969 film)	director	Mark Robson
Limbo (1972 film)	director	Mark Robson
Born American	director	Renny Harlin
Episodes (TV series)	director	James Griffiths (director)
Village of Dreams	director	Yōichi Higashi
Son of India (1931 film)	director	Jacques Feyder
Last of the Red Hot Lovers (film)	director	Gene Saks
Sun Tea (30 Rock)	director	Gail Mancuso
Tora (film)	director	Jahnu Barua
The Target (Dollhouse)	director	Steven S. DeKnight
Stage Fright (Dollhouse)	director	David Solomon (producer)
Gray Hour	director	Rod Hardy
True Believer (Dollhouse)	director	Allan Kroeker
Man on the Street	director	David Straiton
Echoes (Dollhouse)	director	James A. Contner
Needs (Dollhouse)	director	Félix Enríquez Alcalá
Spy in the House of Love (Dollhouse)	director	David Solomon (producer)
Haunted (Dollhouse)	director	Elodie Keene
Briar Rose (Dollhouse)	director	Dwight H. Little
Omega (Dollhouse)	director	Tim Minear
Instinct (Dollhouse)	director	Marita Grabiak
Epitaph Two: Return	director	David Solomon (producer)
Jokyo (film)	director	Kōzaburō Yoshimura
Jokyo (film)	director	Kon Ichikawa
Jokyo (film)	director	Yasuzo Masumura
Heidi (2005 live-action film)	director	Paul Marcus
Kaks' tavallista Lahtista	director	Ville Salminen
Kulasekaranum Koolipadaiyum	director	G. Siva
Underexposure (2005 film)	director	Oday Rasheed
The Fair (film)	director	Wolfgang Staudte
Dossier K.	director	Jan Verheyen (director)
Barricades (film)	director	Ram Loevy
Fifty/Fifty	director	Charles Martin Smith
Les Jeux de l'amour	director	Philippe de Broca
Born to Ride (film)	director	Graham Baker
Con Express	director	Terry Cunningham
Under Ten Flags	director	Duilio Coletti
Revolution's Orphans	director	John N. Smith
Fifteen Percent	director	Jason Winer
IGo to Japan	director	Steve Hoefer
The Stone Boy	director	Christopher Cain
Bank Street Arts	director	John Clark
Curfew (film)	director	Gary Winick
Out of the Rain	director	Gary Winick
Sam the Man	director	Gary Winick
Sweet Nothing	director	Gary Winick
Lovely (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Warren (director)
It's Tough Being a Man	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-San's Cherished Mother	director	Yoji Yamada
House full (TV series)	director	Iftekhar Ahmed Fahmi
Tora-san, His Tender Love	director	Azuma Morisaki
Tora-san's Grand Scheme	director	Shun'ichi Kobayashi
Tora-san's Runaway	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san's Shattered Romance	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san, the Good Samaritan	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san's Love Call	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san's Dear Old Home	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san's Dream-Come-True	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san's Forget Me Not	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san Loves an Artist	director	Yoji Yamada
Spark (film)	director	Garret Williams
Thuruppu Gulan	director	Johny Antony
Voodoo Moon	director	Kevin VanHook
Hope for Haiti Now: A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief	director	Joel Gallen
Kilukkampetti	director	Shaji Kailas
Meet the Baron	director	Walter Lang
Tora-san's Lovesick	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san's Lullaby	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san's Rise and Fall	director	Yoji Yamada
Sängkammartjuven	director	Göran Gentele
Anderson's Cross	director	Jerome Elston Scott
Struggle for Eagle Peak	director	Tancred Ibsen
Tora-san, the Intellectual	director	Yoji Yamada
Red (2010 film)	director	Robert Schwentke
Le chat dans le sac	director	Gilles Groulx
Tora-san's Sunrise and Sunset	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora's Pure Love	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san Meets His Lordship	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san Plays Cupid	director	Yoji Yamada
Stage-Struck Tora-san	director	Yoji Yamada
The Tale of Zatoichi Continues	director	Kazuo Mori
Konikar Ramdhenu	director	Jahnu Barua
Click (2010 film)	director	Harish Nayar
Les raquetteurs	director	Michel Brault
Les raquetteurs	director	Gilles Groulx
Prep School (film)	director	Jerome Elston Scott
La Totale!	director	Claude Zidi
Aastiparulu	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
The Amazing Spider-Man (2012 film)	director	Marc Webb
Jenkins (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Neil Patrick Harris
Double Take (2009 film)	director	Johan Grimonprez
Kisaragi (film)	director	Yūichi Satō
Shahrukh Bola "Khoobsurat Hai Tu"	director	Makarand Deshpande
The Sport Parade	director	Dudley Murphy
Pour toujours, les Canadiens!	director	Sylvain Archambault
La Pointe Courte	director	Agnès Varda
Passage (2009 film)	director	Shekhar Kapur
Kaboom (film)	director	Gregg Araki
Spy TV	director	Jeff Boggs
Spy TV	director	Richard Brian DiPirro
Spy TV	director	Roy Eisenstein
Spy TV	director	Wesley Eure
Death Train (2005)	director	Diethard Küster
Love and Lust	director	Lucas Kazan
The Misfortunates	director	Felix Van Groeningen
It's About Time! (Phineas and Ferb)	director	Dan Povenmire
Talk of the Town Tora-san	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san, the Matchmaker	director	Yoji Yamada
Xagoroloi Bohudoor	director	Jahnu Barua
Tora-san's Dream of Spring	director	Yoji Yamada
Artistka	director	Stanislav Govorukhin
A Morte Comanda o Cangaço	director	Carlos Coimbra
A Morte Comanda o Cangaço	director	Walter Guimares Motta
Bellamy's People	director	Charlie Higson
Bellamy's People	director	Paul Whitehouse
Amelie or The Time to Love	director	Michel Drach
Return Engagement (1983 film)	director	Alan Rudolph
Nightmare Circus (film)	director	Alan Rudolph
Premonition (1972 film)	director	Alan Rudolph
Tora's Tropical Fever	director	Yoji Yamada
The Wall (Heroes)	director	Allan Arkush
The Lightkeepers	director	Daniel Adams (director)
Foster Daddy, Tora!	director	Yoji Yamada
Black Chicks Talking    1	director	Brendan Fletcher (film director)
Black Chicks Talking    1	director	Leah Purcell
Boy, Girl	director	Bruce LaBruce
Black Ice (1992 film)	director	Neill Fearnley
Exit Through the Gift Shop	director	Banksy
Dum (2003 Hindi film)	director	Niva
Talhotblond	director	Barbara Schroeder
Tora-san's Love in Osaka	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san's Promise	director	Yoji Yamada
Hearts and Flowers for Tora-san	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san, the Expert	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san's Song of Love	director	Yoji Yamada
Happythankyoumoreplease	director	Josh Radnor
Everybody Loves Hugo	director	Dan Attias
My Bill	director	John Farrow
Make Believe (film)	director	Christian Hall
A Hole in One	director	Richard Ledes
Varnam (film)	director	Ashokan (film director)
Thoovalsparsham	director	Kamal (director)
Dhruvam	director	Joshi (director)
Moon Landing (Modern Family)	director	Jason Winer
Lolita: Vibrator Torture	director	Hisayasu Satō
Ennodu Ishtam Koodamo	director	Kamal (director)
Kariyilakkattu Pole	director	Padmarajan
Peruvannapurathe Visheshangal	director	Kamal (director)
The Late Shift (film)	director	Betty Thomas
Pillai Nila	director	Manobala
Chelleli Kapuram	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
The Con Artist	director	Risa Bramon Garcia
The American Venus	director	Frank Tuttle
Winter Madness	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
The Marriage of Mr. Mississippi	director	Kurt Hoffmann
Queens Paideia School	director	Francis Mechner
La vie heureuse de Léopold Z	director	Gilles Carle
Unholy Love	director	Albert Ray
Playground (film)	director	Libby Spears
The Manager and the Salesman	director	Marc Webb
A Dog of Flanders (1999 film)	director	Kevin Brodie
Sally of the Sawdust	director	D. W. Griffith
Water for Elephants (film)	director	Francis Lawrence
Firingoti	director	Jahnu Barua
Poovinu Puthiya Poonthennal	director	Fazil
Aakasha Ganga	director	Vinayan
The Wolves of Willoughby Chase (film)	director	Stuart Orme
Uyarangalil	director	I. V. Sasi
The Broken Pots	director	Memduh Ün
Parampara (1990 film)	director	Sibi Malayil
Hollywood (1923 film)	director	James Cruze
Sreedharante Onnam Thirumurivu	director	Sathyan Anthikad
L'Amant de cinq jours	director	Philippe de Broca
Zhenguan Changge	director	Wu Ziniu
Kalam Marindi	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Young People	director	Luis Alcoriza
Grown Up Movie Star	director	Adriana Maggs
Adventures of Gallant Bess	director	Lew Landers
The Mandrake (1975 film)	director	Fereydun Gole
Miral	director	Julian Schnabel
Curse of the Forty-Niner	director	John Carl Buechler
Deep Freeze (film)	director	John Carl Buechler
Makkers Staakt uw Wild Geraas	director	Fons Rademakers
Roseanna's Grave	director	Paul Weiland
Abduction (1975 film)	director	Joseph Zito
Bloodrage	director	Joseph Zito
Delta Force One: The Lost Patrol	director	Joseph Zito
A Cooler Climate	director	Susan Seidelman
Power Play (film)	director	Joseph Zito
Chhodon Naa Yaar	director	Dillip Sood
Thieves Quartet	director	Joe Chappelle
Black Oxen	director	Frank Lloyd
Body Contact (film)	director	Bernard Rose (director)
The Kreutzer Sonata (2008 film)	director	Bernard Rose (director)
Source Code	director	Duncan Jones
Together (1971 film)	director	Sean S. Cunningham
Case of the Full Moon Murders	director	Sean S. Cunningham
Manny's Orphans	director	Sean S. Cunningham
Here Come the Tigers	director	Sean S. Cunningham
XCU: Extreme Close Up	director	Sean S. Cunningham
39: A Film by Carroll McKane	director	Gary Sherman (director)
Deceit (TV serial)	director	Stuart Orme
Jimmy (film)	director	Raj N. Sippy
Deceit (1999 film)	director	Claudia Florio
Fog Island	director	Terry O. Morse
Symphonie diagonale	director	Viking Eggeling
Romance sentimentale	director	Grigori Aleksandrov
Romance sentimentale	director	Sergei Eisenstein
Kolilakkam	director	Vijayanandh
CID Unnikrishnan B.A., B.Ed.	director	Rajasenan
January Oru Orma	director	Joshi
Aparoopa	director	Jahnu Barua
From Beginning to End	director	Aluizio Abranches
Copyright Criminals	director	Benjamin Franzen
Copyright Criminals	director	Kembrew McLeod
Romanoff and Juliet (film)	director	Peter Ustinov
The Scarlet Dove	director	Matti Kassila
Two Loves	director	Charles Walters
Prison Break (1938 film)	director	Arthur Lubin
Bulldog Drummond in Africa	director	Louis King
Malootty	director	Bharathan
Tonight or Never (1961 film)	director	Michel Deville
Deceit (2004 film)	director	John Sacret Young
Swallow the Sun (TV series)	director	Yoo Chul Yong
She'll Have to Go	director	Robert Asher
Sun in Your Eyes	director	Jacques Bourdon
Three Fables of Love	director	Alessandro Blasetti
Three Fables of Love	director	Hervé Bromberger
Three Fables of Love	director	René Clair
Three Fables of Love	director	Luis García Berlanga
Ten Benny	director	Eric Bross
Stranger than Fiction (2000 film)	director	Eric Bross
Ma and Pa Kettle (film)	director	Charles Lamont
Beeper (film)	director	Jack Sholder
Arachnid (film)	director	Jack Sholder
Cold Dog Soup (film)	director	Alan Metter
Close, Closed, Closure	director	Ram Loevy
Who is Thanassis	director	Thanasis Veggos
Deceit (2009 film)	director	Gary Brockette
Extra Large Medium	director	John Holmquist
Pig Hunt	director	James Isaac
Wings Over Honolulu	director	H. C. Potter
Romance in the Dark	director	H. C. Potter
Congo Maisie	director	H. C. Potter
A Likely Story	director	H. C. Potter
Thiranottam	director	Ashok Kumar
Uncle Urfi	director	Mohsin Ali
Uncle Urfi	director	Shirin Athar Vaqar Azim
Across the Hall (2009 film)	director	Alex Merkin
Moksha (2011 film)	director	Srikanth Vemulapalli
Mayuri (film)	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
Losing Balance	director	Felix Fuchssteiner
Y2K (Athoba, 'Sex Krome Aasitechhe')	director	Chandril Bhattacharya
Avan Ivan	director	Bala (director)
The World Cup: A Captain's Tale	director	Tom Clegg (director)
Tomten är far till alla barnen	director	Kjell Sundvall
Sitaara	director	Vamsy
Morgan's Ferry	director	Sam Pillsbury
Backyard Dogs	director	Robert Boris
No One Killed Jessica	director	Raj Kumar Gupta
The Art of Negative Thinking	director	Bård Breien
Gypsies, Tramps and Weed	director	James Burrows
Sintel	director	Colin Levy
Shéhérazade (film)	director	Pierre Gaspard-Huit
Hard Promises (1991 film)	director	Martin Davidson
The Stoker (1932 film)	director	Chester M. Franklin
The Avenger (1962 film)	director	Giorgio Venturini
Repo Chick	director	Alex Cox
A Clever Dummy	director	Ferris Hartman
A Clever Dummy	director	Robert P. Kerr
A Clever Dummy	director	Herman C. Raymaker
A Clever Dummy	director	Mack Sennett
Desperate Cargo	director	William Beaudine
Haunted Ranch	director	Robert Emmett Tansey
The Pickle	director	Paul Mazursky
Pig (film)	director	Rozz Williams
Pig (film)	director	Nico B.
Yippee	director	Paul Mazursky
Paithrukam	director	Jayaraj
Ma and Pa Kettle Go to Town	director	Charles Lamont
The Cockeyed Miracle	director	S. Sylvan Simon
Agnisnaan	director	Bhabendra Nath Saikia
La série Montréal-Québec	director	Jean Lamoureux
La série Montréal-Québec	director	Michel Quidoz
La série Montréal-Québec	director	Stéphane Laporte
La série Montréal-Québec	director	Suzanne Labelle
Paattinte Palazhy	director	Rajiv Anchal
Ma and Pa Kettle Back on the Farm	director	Edward Sedgwick
Thacholi Varghese Chekavar	director	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
Hoo (film)	director	V. Ravichandran
Dui Prithibi	director	Piyush Bose
Yuvajanotsavam	director	Sreekumaran Thampi
Manmadan Ambu	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Potseluy babochki (2006 film)	director	Anton Sivers
Break Ke Baad	director	Danish Aslam
Sweet and Sour (film)	director	Jacques Baratier
The Thief of Tibidabo	director	Maurice Ronet
Un aliado en el tiempo	director	Miguel A. Reina
Daddy and Them	director	Billy Bob Thornton
Brave New World (Heroes)	director	Adam Kane
Sommokadidhi Sokokadidhi	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
Thalastaanam	director	Shaji Kailas
Nandanam (film)	director	Ranjith (director)
The Tall Target	director	Anthony Mann
Doctor Chakravarthy	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Putevoy obkhodchik (2007 film)	director	Igor Shavlak
Padandi Munduku	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
Tardid	director	Varuzh Karim-Masihi
Brahmachari (Telugu film)	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
Ultramarines: The Movie	director	Martyn Pick
'77 (film)	director	Patrick Read Johnson
Rio das Mortes (film)	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Blue Valentine (film)	director	Derek Cianfrance
All About Loving	director	Jean Aurel
Fun 2shh: Dudes In the 10th Century	director	Imtiaz Punjabi
The Last Days of Pompeii (1959 film)	director	Mario Bonnard
The Last Days of Pompeii (1959 film)	director	Sergio Leone
The Projectionist (film)	director	Harry Hurwitz
The Funcooker	director	Ken Whittingham
Goodbye, My Friend	director	John Riggi
Larry King (30 Rock)	director	Constantine Makris
Jhenda	director	Avadhoot Gupte
Fleshtone	director	Harry Hurwitz
The Rosebud Beach Hotel	director	Harry Hurwitz
The Comeback Trail	director	Harry Hurwitz
Ee Sabdam Innathe Sabdam	director	P. G. Viswambharan
Pumzi	director	Wanuri Kahiu
No Man Is an Island (film)	director	John Cherry Monks, Jr.
Chelsea on the Rocks	director	Abel Ferrara
Nocturna: Granddaughter of Dracula	director	Harry Hurwitz
Chaplinesque, My Life and Hard Times	director	Harry Hurwitz
The Fields (upcoming film)	director	Tom Mattera
The Fields (upcoming film)	director	Dave Mazzoni
Un mari à un prix fixe	director	Claude de Givray
Richard (1972 film)	director	Harry Hurwitz
Anna (1967 film)	director	Pierre Koralnik
Sehnsucht 202	director	Max Neufeld
The Memories of Angels	director	Luc Bourdon (filmmaker)
The 4th Dimension	director	Tom Mattera
The 4th Dimension	director	Dave Mazzoni
Calmos	director	Bertrand Blier
Kandisha	director	Jerome Cohen-Olivar
Rotten to the Core	director	Boulting brothers
Ekalavyan (film)	director	Shaji Kailas
Scarlet Dawn	director	William Dieterle
The Bike	director	Maria Morozova
Mamma Mia (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
Rampo (film)	director	Rintaro Mayuzumi
Rampo (film)	director	Kazuyoshi Okuyama
St. Valentine's Day (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
Flu Shot (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
Señor Macho Solo	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Christmas Special (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
Age of Glory (Malaysian TV series)	director	James Lee (Malaysian film director)
Gavin Volure	director	Gail Mancuso
The One with the Cast of Night Court	director	Gail Mancuso
Tora-san Goes Religious?	director	Yoji Yamada
Suee	director	Sai Paranjpye
Vanquish (video game)	director	Shinji Mikami
In Gay Madrid	director	Robert Z. Leonard
The Last Story	director	Hironobu Sakaguchi
Prasthanam	director	Deva Katta
Xenoblade Chronicles	director	Tetsuya Takahashi
Coupling (Greek TV series)	director	Stephanos Kodomari
The President Vanishes (film)	director	William A. Wellman
Chenchu Lakshmi	director	B. A. Subba Rao
A Kiss for Cinderella (film)	director	Herbert Brenon
Zärtliche Haie	director	Michel Deville
The Oldest Profession (film)	director	Claude Autant-Lara
The Oldest Profession (film)	director	Mauro Bolognini
The Oldest Profession (film)	director	Philippe de Broca
The Oldest Profession (film)	director	Jean-Luc Godard
The Oldest Profession (film)	director	Franco Indovina
The Oldest Profession (film)	director	Michael Pfleghar
The Chase (Desperate Housewives)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Lamiel	director	Jean Aurel
Scared Stiff (1945 film)	director	Frank McDonald
Delivered	director	Guy Ferland
Love Is Better Than Ever	director	Stanley Donen
Fearless Fagan	director	Stanley Donen
Illtown	director	Nick Gomez
Comeback Season (film)	director	Bruce McCulloch
No. 1 Snehatheeram Banglore North	director	Sathyan Anthikad
The Curse (1987 film)	director	David Keith
Ee Puzhayum Kadannu	director	Kamal (director)
All That I Love	director	Jacek Borcuch
Ang Darling Kong Aswang	director	Tony Y Reyes
The Time to Die	director	André Farwagi
The Wedding Ring (1971 film)	director	Christian de Chalonge
Rendezvous at Bray	director	André Delvaux
Living in a Perfect World	director	Diego D'Innocenzo
Living in a Perfect World	director	Marco Leopardi
Carlos (film)	director	Hans W. Geißendörfer
The Salzburg Connection	director	Lee H. Katzin
Vivre ensemble	director	Anna Karina
Gulebakavali Katha	director	Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao
Toonpur Ka Super Hero	director	Kireet Khurana
Puzzle of a Downfall Child	director	Jerry Schatzberg
Misunderstood (1984 film)	director	Jerry Schatzberg
The Day the Ponies Come Back	director	Jerry Schatzberg
Wild Seed (film)	director	Brian G. Hutton
The Pad and How to Use It	director	Brian G. Hutton
Sol Madrid	director	Brian G. Hutton
Last Foxtrot in Burbank	director	Charles Band
Crash!	director	Charles Band
Mystery Monsters	director	Charles Band
The Creeps (film)	director	Charles Band
Blood Dolls	director	Charles Band
Dr. Moreau's House of Pain	director	Charles Band
Pulse Pounders	director	Charles Band
Dead Man's Hand (film)	director	Charles Band
Trust Metric	director	Tony Scott
Travelling North	director	Carl Schultz
Valhalla Rising (film)	director	Nicolas Winding Refn
The Crash (film)	director	William Dieterle
Leo and Loree	director	Jerry Paris
The Grasshopper (film)	director	Jerry Paris
Those Calloways	director	Norman Tokar
The Horse in the Gray Flannel Suit	director	Norman Tokar
Ra.One	director	Anubhav Sinha
Beau Brummel (1924 film)	director	Harry Beaumont
Golmaal 3	director	Rohit Shetty
The Christian Licorice Store	director	James Frawley
Kid Blue	director	James Frawley
Fright Show	director	Damon Santostefano
Severed Ties (film)	director	Damon Santostefano
Last Man Running (film)	director	Damon Santostefano
Foxy Lady (TV series)	director	Richard Holthouse
Marriage Counselor Tora-san	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san's Forbidden Love	director	Yoji Yamada
Krishnagudiyil Oru Pranayakalathu	director	Kamal (director)
Tora-san, the Go-Between	director	Yoji Yamada
Punjabi House	director	Rafi Mecartin
Mr. Muhsin	director	Yavuz Turgul
Destino Imortal	director	António Borges Correia
Destino Imortal	director	José Manuel Fernandes
Destino Imortal	director	Artur Ribeiro
The Messenger (2007 film)	director	Çağan Irmak
My Funky Valentine	director	Michael Spiller
Winter's Bone	director	Debra Granik
Anubhavangal Paalichakal	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
The Baby Show	director	Michael Engler
Cheppu	director	Priyadarshan
Black Tie (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
Butterflies (1993 film)	director	Rajiv Anchal
The Source Awards (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
Marina of the Zabbaleen	director	Engi Wassef
Adhinayak	director	Jatin Bora
Morel's Invention (film)	director	Emidio Greco
The Musician Killer	director	Benoît Jacquot
Scrambled Eggs (film)	director	Joël Santoni
Hawa (film)	director	Guddu Dhanoa
Oru Mukham Pala Mukham	director	P. K. Joseph
Tess (film)	director	Roman Polanski
Witness (1988 film)	director	Viji Thampi
Athirathram (film)	director	I. V. Sasi
Chinese Roulette	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Surprise Sock	director	Jean-François Davy
The Red Chapel	director	Mads Brügger
Just Like Home	director	Márta Mészáros
The Story of a Mother (film)	director	Claus Weeke
Tora-san's Island Encounter	director	Yoji Yamada
A Sip of Love	director	Atıf Yılmaz
The Monkey's Paw (film)	director	Ernest B. Schoedsack
Trouble in Morocco	director	Ernest B. Schoedsack
Blind Adventure	director	Ernest B. Schoedsack
Outlaws of the Orient	director	Ernest B. Schoedsack
Toss-Up	director	Uğur Yücel
Rhapsody in Rivets	director	Friz Freleng
Art Deco Detective	director	Philippe Mora
Precious Find	director	Philippe Mora
Snide and Prejudice	director	Philippe Mora
Burning Down the House (film)	director	Philippe Mora
Pterodactyl Woman from Beverly Hills	director	Philippe Mora
Victoria (2008 film)	director	Anna Karina
Time to Say Goodbye?	director	David Hugh Jones
Hotel Sorrento	director	Richard Franklin
Soy Andina	director	Mitchell Teplitsky
Silver River (film)	director	Raoul Walsh
Gone with the West	director	Bernard Girard
Boot Hill Bandits	director	S. Roy Luby
Tora-san's Bluebird Fantasy	director	Yoji Yamada
The Bartered Bride (1932 film)	director	Max Ophüls
Runaway Reptar	director	John Holmquist
Tora-san Goes North	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san Plays Daddy	director	Yoji Yamada
Vellinakshatram (2004 film)	director	Vinayan
The Film that Wasn't	director	Ram Loevy
Tora-san's Salad-Day Memorial	director	Yoji Yamada
Injakkadan Mathai & Sons	director	Anil Babu
Tora-San Goes to Vienna	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san, My Uncle	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san Takes a Vacation	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san Confesses	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-San Makes Excuses	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san's Matchmaker	director	Yoji Yamada
Black Belt (film)	director	Shunichi Nagasaki
Tora-san's Easy Advice	director	Yoji Yamada
Tora-san to the Rescue	director	Yoji Yamada
Colorz of Rage	director	Dale Resteghini
Vietnam Colony	director	Siddique-Lal
Illarikam	director	Tatineni Prakash Rao
Auditions (1978 film)	director	Harry Hurwitz
Safari 3000	director	Harry Hurwitz
Grounds for Marriage	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Bulldog Drummond Comes Back	director	Louis King
The Passaic Textile Strike (film)	director	Samuel Russak
Vyooham	director	Sangeeth Sivan
Captain Barbell (2011 TV series)	director	Dominic Zapata
Interference (film)	director	Lothar Mendes
Interference (film)	director	Silent film
Interference (film)	director	Roy Pomery
Interference (film)	director	Sound film
Kaliyoonjal	director	Anil Babu
Sogasu Chooda Tharamaa	director	Gunasekhar
Udayapuram Sulthan	director	Jose Thomas
Gülen Gözler	director	Ertem Eğilmez
The Masked Gang: Iraq	director	Murat Aslan (filmmaker)
Solsidan (TV series)	director	Felix Herngren
Sallie Gardner at a Gallop	director	Eadweard Muybridge
The Battle of Sutjeska (film)	director	Stipe Delić
The Flying Serpent	director	Sam Newfield
Arizona Stage Coach	director	S. Roy Luby
Deadwood '76	director	James Landis
Velo de novia	director	Sergio Cataño
Velo de novia	director	Sergio Jiménez
Devil's Cavaliers	director	Siro Marcellini
Mannar Mathai Speaking	director	Siddique (director)
Jungle Jim (TV series)	director	Earl Bellamy
Drona 2010	director	Shaji Kailas
Maya Mayuram	director	Sibi Malayil
Soorya Gayathri	director	P. Anil
Gay Days (film)	director	Yair Qedar
Posse from Hell	director	Herbert Coleman
Nelavanka (film)	director	Jandhyala Subramanya Sastry
Mayak (2006 film)	director	Mariya Saakyan
The Men I Wanted	director	Lucas Kazan
Wife Number 13	director	Fatin Abdel Wahab
Badai-Selatan	director	Sofia W.D.
Under the Same Skin	director	Daniel Tinayre
Redhead (film)	director	Helmut Käutner
Margie (film)	director	Henry King (director)
Give Me Ten Desperate Men	director	Pierre Zimmer
Duellen	director	Knud Leif Thomsen
Orgasm Inc.	director	Liz Canner
No Down Payment	director	Martin Ritt
The Sound and the Fury (film)	director	Martin Ritt
5 Branded Women	director	Martin Ritt
Casey's Shadow	director	Martin Ritt
Never Too Late (1965 film)	director	Bud Yorkin
Burn Card	director	Mario Van Peebles
Zhizn vrasplokh (2007 film)	director	Alexander Brunkovsky
Grahanam	director	Mohan Krishna Indraganti
Yamagola	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
Love Sex aur Dhokha	director	Dibakar Banerjee
Tommy and Quadrophenia Live	director	Roger Daltrey
Tommy and Quadrophenia Live	director	Aubrey Powell (designer)
Papori	director	Jahnu Barua
A Killing Spring	director	Stephen Williams (director)
Shavukar	director	L. V. Prasad
Girls' Dormitory	director	Irving Cummings
Tees Maar Khan	director	Farah Khan
Siam Sunset	director	John Polson
Kathai (film)	director	Abhishek Shankar
Sweetums (Parks and Recreation)	director	Dean Holland
Jungle Boy (1998 film)	director	Allan Goldstein
El tejedor de milagros	director	Francisco del Villar
A Train Leaves in Every Hour	director	André Cavens
He's in the Army Now	director	Mustafa Altıoklar
Nostradamus (film)	director	Roger Christian (filmmaker)
Starship (film)	director	Roger Christian (filmmaker)
The Final Cut (1995 film)	director	Roger Christian (filmmaker)
American Daylight	director	Roger Christian (filmmaker)
Bandido (2004 film)	director	Roger Christian (filmmaker)
The Past-Master (film)	director	Petar B. Vasilev
Dragon Trap	director	Uğur Yücel
Ride a Wild Pony	director	Don Chaffey
The Fourth Wish	director	Don Chaffey
C.H.O.M.P.S.	director	Don Chaffey
Broadway Limited (1941 film)	director	Gordon Douglas
The Scarlet Letter (1934 film)	director	Robert G. Vignola
Verna (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
Highly Dangerous	director	Roy Ward Baker
Cinderella (1899 film)	director	Georges Méliès
Denko	director	Mohamed Camara (film director)
Ghost Parade	director	Mack Sennett
Burke and Hare (film)	director	John Landis
The Golden Pin	director	Cuong Ngo
Diagnosis: Unknown	director	Fielder Cook
Pancharangi	director	Yograj Bhat
Parallel College (film)	director	Thulasidas
Unnikrishnante Adyathe Christmas	director	Kamal (director)
O Sangue	director	Pedro Costa
Myglaren	director	Jan Myrdal
Myglaren	director	Rune Hassner
Run Wild, Run Free	director	Richard C. Sarafian
Dagger Eyes	director	Carlo Vanzina
Richard Pryor: I Ain't Dead Yet	director	Billy Grundfest
To the Last Day	director	Shin Sang-ok
Extinction (UK)	director	Lewis Coates
Lost Signs	director	Didier Albert
Black is... Black Ain't	director	Marlon Riggs
Dangerous Living: Coming Out in the Developing World	director	John Scagliotti
Goripalayam	director	Rasu Madhuravan
Devil's Den (film)	director	Jeff Burr
Frankenstein & the Werewolf Reborn!	director	Jeff Burr
The Werewolf Reborn!	director	Jeff Burr
Brushfire (film)	director	Jack Warner Jr
The Boy with the X-Ray Eyes (film)	director	Jeff Burr
Infestation (2009 film)	director	Kyle Rankin
The Story of Joseph and His Brethren	director	Irving Rapper
The Story of Joseph and His Brethren	director	Luciano Ricci
Straight Into Darkness	director	Jeff Burr
Hell on Earth (1931 film)	director	Victor Trivas
Hell on Earth (1931 film)	director	George Shdanoff
Mixed Blood (film)	director	Paul Morrissey
Danny Boy (1946 film)	director	Terry O. Morse
Army Wives (1944 film)	director	Phil Rosen
The Utah Kid (1944 film)	director	Vernon Keays
Damon and Pythias (film)	director	Curtis Bernhardt
Gymnoi sto dromo	director	Giannis Dalianidis
Panduranga Mahatyam (film)	director	Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao
Bonani	director	Jahnu Barua
October (film)	director	Daniel Vega Vidal
October (film)	director	Diego Vega Vidal
Nirnayam (1995 film)	director	Sangeeth Sivan
Angel's Diary	director	Thaleb Wirachman, Omar Aly Adly
Angel's Diary	director	Emilka
Love at Twenty	director	François Truffaut
Love at Twenty	director	Andrzej Wajda
Love at Twenty	director	Renzo Rossellini (producer)
Love at Twenty	director	Shintarō Ishihara
Love at Twenty	director	Marcel Ophüls
Sword Stained with Royal Blood (2007 TV series)	director	Zhang Jizhong
La bellezza di Ippolita	director	Giancarlo Zagni
La poupée (film)	director	Jacques Baratier
Chaduvukunna Ammayilu	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Accident (1928 film)	director	Ernö Metzner
La steppa	director	Alberto Lattuada
Sixty Glorious Years	director	Herbert Wilcox
The Package (Lost)	director	Paul A. Edwards
Happily Ever After (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Okul (film)	director	Yağmur Taylan
Okul (film)	director	Durul Taylan
Baby Blue Marine	director	John D. Hancock
A Piece of Eden	director	John D. Hancock
Suspended Animation (film)	director	John D. Hancock
Zeiten ändern dich	director	Uli Edel
The Chalk Garden (film)	director	Ronald Neame
Robot Holocaust	director	Tim Kincaid
The Legend of Tom Dooley	director	Ted Post
Whiffs	director	Ted Post
Nightkill	director	Ted Post
The Human Shield	director	Ted Post
The Kids Are All Right (film)	director	Lisa Cholodenko
La Muerte de Mikel	director	Imanol Uribe
Hesher (film)	director	Spencer Susser
Etrian Odyssey III: The Drowned City	director	Shigeo Komori
The Proud Twins (2005 TV series)	director	Wong Jing
Emily (Skins episode)	director	Philippa Langdale
Pelli Chesi Choodu	director	L. V. Prasad
The Hare Census (film)	director	Eduard Sachariev
The Robbers (film)	director	Francisco Rovira Beleta
Mitasareta seikatsu	director	Susumu Hani
Babbage (film)	director	Claire Barker
Os Cafajestes	director	Ruy Guerra
Born to Fight (1989 film)	director	Bruno Mattei
Hotel Hell Vacation	director	Bryan Buckley
Just Go with It	director	Dennis Dugan
Commissar Shakespeare	director	Sinan Çetin
Apart Together	director	Wang Quan'an
Honey (2010 film)	director	Semih Kaplanoğlu
Caterpillar (film)	director	Kōji Wakamatsu
The Robber	director	Benjamin Heisenberg
A Family (film)	director	Pernille Fischer Christensen
A Somewhat Gentle Man	director	Hans Petter Moland
If I Want to Whistle, I Whistle	director	Florin Şerban
Holy Lola	director	Bertrand Tavernier
How I Ended This Summer	director	Alexei Popogrebski
Deli Yürek: Bumerang Cehennemi	director	Osman Sınav
Please Believe Me	director	Norman Taurog
Everything Will Be Fine	director	Christoffer Boe
We Are Family (2010 film)	director	Siddharth Malhotra
Our Family Wedding	director	Rick Famuyiwa
Bonded by Blood (film)	director	Sacha Bennett
Comedown (film)	director	Menhaj Huda
Logorama	director	H5 (French company)
Entre el amor y el odio	director	Miguel Córcega
Balaraju	director	Ghantasala Balaramaiah
Aadhaaram	director	George Kithu
She Loves Me Not (1934 film)	director	Elliott Nugent
Splendor (1935 film)	director	Elliott Nugent
Men Are Not Gods	director	Walter Reisch
Woman Chases Man	director	John G. Blystone
Suryakanthi	director	V. Srinivasan
The Stranger's Return	director	King Vidor
Lady with Red Hair	director	Curtis Bernhardt
A Gentleman After Dark	director	Edwin L. Marin
Happy Tears (film)	director	Mitchell Lichtenstein
Velugu Needalu	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Krótki dzień pracy	director	Krzysztof Kieślowski
A Sight for Sore Eyes (film)	director	Shane Stanley
Back Up, Dancer	director	James Burrows
Thairiyam	director	P. Kumaran
Um Show de Verão	director	Moacyr Góes
The Delivery (The Office)	director	Seth Gordon
The Delivery (The Office)	director	Harold Ramis
Today's Special (2009 film)	director	David Kaplan (filmmaker)
Wallander (Swedish TV series)	director	Stephan Apelgren
Wallander (Swedish TV series)	director	Anders Engström
Wallander (Swedish TV series)	director	Jørn Faurschou
Wallander (Swedish TV series)	director	Jonas Grimås
Wallander (Swedish TV series)	director	Leif Magnusson
Wallander (Swedish TV series)	director	Charlotte Brändström
On the Path	director	Jasmila Žbanić
Hollow Reed	director	Angela Pope
Puzzle (2010 film)	director	Natalia Smirnoff
Move On (1903 film)	director	Alfred C. Abadie
Over the Fence (2009 film)	director	Hamy Ramezan
Born to Be a Star	director	Tom Brady (film director)
New Heavenly Sword and Dragon Sabre	director	Johnnie To
New Heavenly Sword and Dragon Sabre	director	Benny Chan (film director)
Nagarangalil Chennu Raparkam	director	Viji Thampi
Njangal Santhushtaranu	director	Rajasenan
Two O'Clock Courage	director	Anthony Mann
Fox Volant of the Snowy Mountain (2006 TV series)	director	Andrew Lau
Single Room Furnished	director	Matt Cimber
Pimps Up, Ho's Down	director	Fredrik Gertten
Georgica (film)	director	Sulev Keedus
Aşk Tutulması	director	Murat Şeker
Barda (film)	director	Serdar Akar
It's My Turn (film)	director	Claudia Weill
Not Married With Children XXX	director	Will Ryder
Shahada (film)	director	Burhan Qurbani
The Hunter (2010 film)	director	Rafi Pitts
Get-Rich-Quick Wallingford (1921 film)	director	Frank Borzage
Going All the Way	director	Mark Pellington
After Five in the Forest Primeval	director	Hans-Christian Schmid
The Hollywood Sign (film)	director	Sönke Wortmann
Echo Park (film)	director	Robert Dornhelm
Foreign Body (film)	director	Ronald Neame
Prey (2007 film)	director	Darrell Roodt
Seven Footprints to Satan	director	Benjamin Christensen
Summertree	director	Anthony Newley
Long Days of Hate	director	Gianfranco Baldanello
Stars Over Texas (1946 film)	director	Robert Emmett Tansey
Sweet Hours (Dulces horas)	director	Carlos Saura
Custer's Last Fight	director	Francis Ford
The Devil's Daughter (1939 film)	director	Arthur H. Leonard
Grave of the Vampire	director	John Hayes
Fangavaktin	director	Ragnar Bragason
Bjarnfreðarson	director	Ragnar Bragason
Riphouse 151: Could've Been's & Wanna Be's	director	Peter O'Brien (filmmaker)
Lucky Days	director	Wang Ming-tai
Lucky Days	director	Hsu Fu-chun
Vipra Narayana	director	P. S. Ramakrishna Rao
Sri Venkateswara Mahatyam	director	P. Pullaiah
Whispering Footsteps	director	Howard Bretherton
The Toast of Death	director	Thomas H. Ince
Guest in the House	director	John Brahm
The Hour Before the Dawn	director	Frank Tuttle
The Three Musketeers (cartoon)	director	William Hanna
The Three Musketeers (cartoon)	director	Joseph Barbera
Saigon (film)	director	Leslie Fenton
Splendor (1999 film)	director	Gregg Araki
The Jimmy Show	director	Frank Whaley
Dylan Dog: Dead of Night	director	Kevin Munroe
The Mark of the Whistler	director	William Castle
Voice in the Wind	director	Arthur Ripley
Maathi Yosi	director	Nanda Periyasami
Better Late Than Never (film)	director	Bryan Forbes
The Angel of Pennsylvania Avenue	director	Robert Ellis Miller
Bed & Breakfast (1992 film)	director	Robert Ellis Miller
The Bushwackers (film)	director	Rod Amateau
Fiesta (1941 film)	director	LeRoy Prinz
Chrystal (film)	director	Ray McKinnon (actor)
Appu Chesi Pappu Koodu	director	L. V. Prasad
City of Gold (2010 film)	director	Mahesh Manjrekar
Haunted (2007 film)	director	Alper Mestçi
Aagathan	director	Kamal (director)
Rechukka	director	P. Pullaiah
World Traveler	director	Bart Freundlich
Anandhapurathu Veedu	director	Naga (director)
Jew Suss: Rise and Fall	director	Oskar Roehler
Threshold (1981 film)	director	Richard Pearce (film director)
Submarino	director	Thomas Vinterberg
True Women For Sale	director	Herman Yau
Galentine's Day	director	Ken Kwapis
Mexico City (film)	director	Richard Shepard
Bewitched (1945 film)	director	Arch Oboler
Untamed Youth	director	Howard W. Koch
The Girl in Black Stockings	director	Howard W. Koch
Vice Raid	director	Edward L. Cahn
Take My Life	director	Ronald Neame
Golden Salamander (film)	director	Ronald Neame
Windom's Way	director	Ronald Neame
3 Nuts in Search of a Bolt	director	Tommy Noonan
The Weaker Sex	director	Roy Ward Baker
Night Without Sleep	director	Roy Ward Baker
Passage Home	director	Roy Ward Baker
Jacqueline (film)	director	Roy Ward Baker
The Singer Not the Song	director	Roy Ward Baker
Two Left Feet (film)	director	Roy Ward Baker
Naked Fear	director	Thom Eberhardt
The Love War	director	George McCowan
Eye of God (film)	director	Tim Blake Nelson
Sunday Light	director	José Luis Garci
The Challenge (1970 film)	director	Alan Smithee
V.I. Warshawski (film)	director	Jeff Kanew
The Strange Woman	director	Edgar G. Ulmer
Butter Fingers (1925 film)	director	Del Lord
Robbery Under Arms (1920 film)	director	Kenneth Brampton
Desert Phantom	director	S. Roy Luby
Big Timers	director	Bud Pollard
Escape in the Fog	director	Budd Boetticher
Bubbling Over (film)	director	Leigh Jason
Badmaash Company	director	Parmeet Sethi
Anna Howard Shaw Day	director	Ken Whittingham
Uncle Bun	director	Bhadran (director)
Immoral Women	director	Walerian Borowczyk
Holiday for Lovers	director	Henry Levin
Oi Treis Harites	director	Theodoros Polychroniadis
Nobody's Baby	director	David Seltzer
Out of the Tiger's Mouth	director	Tim Whelan, Jr.
The Uncle	director	Desmond Davis
I Was Happy Here	director	Desmond Davis
Little Presents	director	Jack Witikka
A Nice Girl Like Me	director	Desmond Davis
Ordeal by Innocence (film)	director	Desmond Davis
The Deceivers (film)	director	Nicholas Meyer
Faster (2010 film)	director	George Tillman, Jr.
Spring Parade	director	Henry Koster
Between Us Girls	director	Henry Koster
Two Sisters from Boston	director	Henry Koster
Music for Millions	director	Henry Koster
The Unfinished Dance	director	Henry Koster
Wabash Avenue (film)	director	Henry Koster
Elopement (film)	director	Henry Koster
My Blue Heaven (1950 film)	director	Henry Koster
The Power and the Prize	director	Henry Koster
The Story of Ruth	director	Henry Koster
Escape (1948 film)	director	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
The Spider (film)	director	Robert D. Webb
Sangre de Mayo	director	José Luis Garci
Sanctuary (1961 film)	director	Tony Richardson
Dead Cert (1974 film)	director	Tony Richardson
Joseph Andrews (film)	director	Tony Richardson
A Shot in the Dark (1935 film)	director	Charles Lamont
Man of the East	director	Enzo Barboni
For the Term of His Natural Life (1927 film)	director	Norman Dawn
Maniac Chase	director	Edwin Stanton Porter
Voice of the Whistler	director	William Castle
Hi-Riders	director	Greydon Clark
Istanbul Beneath My Wings	director	Mustafa Altıoklar
Cholera Street	director	Mustafa Altıoklar
Donga Ramudu	director	Kadri Venkata Reddy
A Cricket in the Ear (film)	director	Georgi K. Stoyanov
Tonny	director	Nils R. Müller
Tonny	director	Per Gjersøe
Terror in the Mall	director	Norberto Barba
Andy Robson	director	Tony Kysh
The Mistress (film)	director	Vilgot Sjöman
Dostana 2	director	Tarun Mansukhani
Bushido, Samurai Saga	director	Tadashi Imai
Malliswari (1951 film)	director	Bommireddy Narasimha Reddy
Dream of the Red Chamber (1944 film)	director	Bu Wancang
Trojan Eddie	director	Gillies MacKinnon
Night Fright	director	James A. Sullivan
The Internet Show	director	Michael Lembeck
This Life of Mine	director	Shi Hui (actor)
The Caretaker (film)	director	Clive Donner
Chased by the Dogs	director	Kamal El Sheikh
The Classic for Girls	director	Cheng Bugao
The Classic for Girls	director	Chen Kengran
The Classic for Girls	director	Li Pingqian
The Classic for Girls	director	Shen Xiling
The Classic for Girls	director	Xu Yinfu
The Classic for Girls	director	Yao Sufeng
The Classic for Girls	director	Zhang Shichuan
The Classic for Girls	director	Zheng Zhengqiu
Deep Waters (film)	director	Henry King (director)
A Kiss in the Dark	director	Delmer Daves
Susan Slade	director	Delmer Daves
Drum Beat	director	Delmer Daves
To the Victor	director	Delmer Daves
The Battle of the Villa Fiorita	director	Delmer Daves
Bird of Paradise (1951 film)	director	Delmer Daves
Return of the Texan	director	Delmer Daves
Treasure of the Golden Condor	director	Delmer Daves
Ma and Pa Kettle at the Fair	director	Charles Barton
Live Wires	director	Phil Karlson
La herida luminosa	director	José Luis Garci
Killing Bono	director	Nick Hamm
In Fast Company	director	Del Lord
Dancing Pirate	director	Lloyd Corrigan
Arrest Bulldog Drummond	director	James P. Hogan (director)
Marie Galante (film)	director	Henry King
Wife and Auto Trouble	director	Dell Henderson
Wife and Auto Trouble	director	Mack Sennett
The Rats Are Coming! The Werewolves Are Here!	director	Andy Milligan
Bowery Bombshell	director	Phil Karlson
EastEnders Live	director	Clive Arnold
Double Down Live	director	Billy Gibbons
Garrincha: Hero of the Jungle	director	Joaquim Pedro de Andrade
L'Immortelle	director	Alain Robbe-Grillet
Footlight Serenade	director	Gregory Ratoff
Stark Raving Mad (1983 film)	director	George F. Hood
The Reunion (film)	director	Damiano Damiani
The Terrace	director	Leopoldo Torre Nilsson
The Suitor	director	Pierre Étaix
Life and Death in Flanders	director	Emile Degelin
Spook Busters	director	William Beaudine
Oh Shucks! Here Comes UNTAG	director	Dave Lister
Harvard, Here I Come!	director	Lew Landers
Dominique (film)	director	Michael Anderson (director)
The Innocents (1963 film)	director	Juan Antonio Bardem
Man and Beast	director	Edwin Zbonek
Meteor Apocalypse	director	Micho Rutare
Negatives (1968 film)	director	Peter Medak
A Day in the Death of Joe Egg (film)	director	Peter Medak
Retalhos da Vida de Um Médico	director	Jorge Brum do Canto
The Men's Club	director	Peter Medak
Un drôle de paroissien	director	Jean-Pierre Mocky
Texas Carnival	director	Charles Walters
Easy to Love (film)	director	Charles Walters
Scott Joplin (film)	director	Jeremy Kagan
The Chosen (film)	director	Jeremy Kagan
Big Man on Campus	director	Jeremy Kagan
Car 54, Where Are You? (film)	director	Bill Fishman
Seven Ages of Britain (BBC series)	director	Jonty Claypole
A Peasant on a Bicycle (film)	director	Lyudmil Kirkov
Cool Change (film)	director	George T. Miller
Over the Hill	director	George T. Miller
Frozen Assets (film)	director	George T. Miller
Gross Misconduct (film)	director	George T. Miller
Mr. Hex	director	William Beaudine
The Carter	director	Adam Bhala Lough
Geniş Aile	director	Ömer Uğur
When My Baby Smiles at Me (film)	director	Walter Lang
Go Stewie Go	director	Greg Colton
Ayodhyecha Raja	director	V. Shantaram
Song of the Islands	director	Walter Lang
The Superhero in the Alley	director	James Whitmore, Jr.
Meesa Madhavan	director	Lal Jose
Meet Me After the Show	director	Richard Sale
The Farmer Takes a Wife (1953 film)	director	Henry Levin
Mizhi Randilum	director	Ranjith (director)
Gorintaku (1979 film)	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
The Aggression	director	Theodor Kotulla
The Good Guy (film)	director	Julio DePietro
Rahul's Arranged Marriage (2005)	director	Anant Mathur (filmmaker)
Thodi Kodallu	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Malice in Wonderland (2009 film)	director	Simon Fellows
L'Autre Dumas	director	Safy Nebbou
Delay in Marienborn	director	Rolf Hädrich
Yksityisalue	director	Maunu Kurkvaara
DuBarry Was a Lady (film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
I Wonder Who's Kissing Her Now (film)	director	Lloyd Bacon
How to Be Very, Very Popular	director	Nunnally Johnson
Remote Control (1988 film)	director	Jeff Lieberman
Thooval Kottaram	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Hard Boiled Mahoney	director	William Beaudine
Hell-O (Glee)	director	Brad Falchuk
The Lone Wolf's Daughter (1919 film)	director	William P. S. Earle
You Take the Kids	director	Peter Baldwin (director)
You Take the Kids	director	Frank Bonner
You Take the Kids	director	Paul Haggis
Varakatnam	director	N. T. Rama Rao
Gaurisankaram	director	Nemom Pushparaj
The Leopard Woman	director	Wesley Ruggles
Swapna Sundari (film)	director	Ghantasala Balaramaiah
Ladies' Choice (film)	director	Ivan Andonov
Nimajjanam	director	B. S. Narayana
One Dollar Too Many	director	Enzo G. Castellari
The Impossible Murder	director	Sareesh Sudhakaran
Cell 211	director	Daniel Monzón
True Grit (2010 film)	director	Coen brothers
Ice Twisters	director	Steven R. Monroe
Romantic Comedy 101	director	Peter DeLuise
On an Island with You	director	Richard Thorpe
News Hounds	director	William Beaudine
Anarchy TV	director	Jonathan Blank
Jayabheri	director	P. Pullaiah
Look Who's Laughing	director	Allan Dwan
Here We Go Again (film)	director	Allan Dwan
Ride Clear of Diablo	director	Jesse Hibbs
Dharma Daata	director	A. Sanjeevi
Rain: The Terror Within...	director	Amol Shetge
On Expenses	director	Simon Cellan-Jones
Rojulu Marayi	director	Tapi Chanakya
Where's Firuze?	director	Ezel Akay
Time of the Innocent	director	Thomas Fantl
Soft Hands	director	Mahmoud Zulfikar
Destination Death	director	Wolfgang Staudte
Kanojo to kare	director	Susumu Hani
This Summer at Five	director	Erkko Kivikoski
Synchronoff	director	Catia Peres
Ikarie XB-1	director	Jindřich Polák
La Choca	director	Emilio Fernández
Bowery Buckaroos	director	William Beaudine
Aventurera (1950 film)	director	Alberto Gout
Side Sho	director	Michael D'Anna
Atayalangal	director	M. G. Sasi
Palletoori Pilla	director	B. A. Subba Rao
Snow White and the Three Stooges	director	Walter Lang
Daya (film)	director	Venu (cinematographer)
Cruel and Unusual (film)	director	Janet Baus
Cruel and Unusual (film)	director	Dan Hunt (film director)
Cruel and Unusual (film)	director	Reid Williams
Recep İvedik 3	director	Togan Gökbakar
Gen (film)	director	Togan Gökbakar
Woman of the Year (Parks and Recreation)	director	Jason Woliner
AK 56 (film)	director	Om Prakash Rao
Diva (Philippine TV series)	director	Dominic Zapata
Black Tight Killers	director	Yasuharu Hasebe
Kanalizasyon	director	Alper Mestçi
La Difficulté d'être infidèle	director	Bernard Toublanc-Michel
Tripping Forward	director	Marcus Nash
La visita	director	Antonio Pietrangeli
The Last Hurrah (2009 film)	director	Jonathan W. Stokes
Angel Camouflaged	director	R. Michael Givens
Men Don't Lie	director	Jane Spencer
Key to the City (film)	director	George Sidney
Cowboys & Aliens (film)	director	Jon Favreau
A Smile Like Yours	director	Keith Samples
Lustful Hitchhiker: Sought Wife	director	Tetsuya Takehora
Truth Be Told (Modern Family)	director	Jason Winer
April Love (film)	director	Henry Levin
Certain Chapters (film)	director	Abbas Akbar
Lecherous Older Sister	director	Toshiya Ueno
Tucker & Dale vs Evil	director	Eli Craig
Papam Pasivadu	director	V. Ramachandra Rao
Crimson Sabre	director	Lee Tim-Shing
Happy Flight	director	Shinobu Yaguchi
Deveeri	director	Kavitha Lankesh
Crows Zero 2	director	Takashi Miike
Karthika Deepam (film)	director	Laxmi Deepak
Goofy Gymnastics	director	Jack Kinney
The Legend of Lu Xiaofeng (2006 TV series)	director	Billy Tang
This is Jinsy	director	Matt Lipsey
The Ships Storm Bastions	director	Mikhail Romm
The Man from Button Willow	director	David Detiege
Destiny of a Man	director	Sergei Bondarchuk
Outlaw of Gor	director	John Cardos
Tana (film)	director	Kristaq Dhamo
Wings, legs and tails	director	Alexander Tatarsky
Tomorrow at Seven	director	Ray Enright
Trouble in Texas	director	Robert N. Bradbury
Blue Film: Estimation	director	Kan Mukai
The Guy from Harlem	director	Rene Martinez Jr.
Rantevou stin Kerkyra	director	Dimitris Dadiras
The Oath (2010 film)	director	Laura Poitras
One Night for Love	director	Vassilis Georgiadis
Picture Book of a Beautiful Young Girl: Soaked Uniform	director	Tetsuya Takehora
Monga (film)	director	Doze Niu
Mrs. O'Malley and Mr. Malone	director	Norman Taurog
Apartment Wife: Adulterous Passion	director	Toshiki Satō
La Maternelle (film)	director	Jean Benoit-Lévy
La Maternelle (film)	director	Marie Epstein
Bhakta Kannappa	director	Bapu (artist)
Courthouse (TV series)	director	Ron Lagomarsino
Courthouse (TV series)	director	Michael Fields (director)
Courthouse (TV series)	director	James Frawley
Courthouse (TV series)	director	Dan Lerner
Courthouse (TV series)	director	Alan J. Levi
Courthouse (TV series)	director	Martha Mitchell (director)
Courthouse (TV series)	director	James Quinn (director)
Courthouse (TV series)	director	Jesús Salvador Treviño
School for Suicide	director	Knud Leif Thomsen
45 (film)	director	Peter Coster
Swargam Narakam	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
Banda Yeh Bindaas Hai	director	Ravi Chopra
Tonio Kröger (film)	director	Rolf Thiele
Angels' Alley	director	William Beaudine
Grand Central Art Galleries	director	Erwin S. Barrie
To Kill a Priest	director	Agnieszka Holland
Olivier, Olivier	director	Agnieszka Holland
Julie Walking Home	director	Agnieszka Holland
Toute la mémoire du monde	director	Alain Resnais
Douchebag (film)	director	Drake Doremus
Hot Rod Girl	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Hot Rod Rumble	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Black Gold (1962 film)	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Mrs. Pollifax-Spy	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Escape from Angola	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Missile X – Geheimauftrag Neutronenbombe	director	Leslie H. Martinson
Falling for You (1933 film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Falling for You (1933 film)	director	Jack Hulbert
Jack of All Trades (film)	director	Robert Stevenson
Jack of All Trades (film)	director	Jack Hulbert
Owd Bob (1938 film)	director	Robert Stevenson
The Ware Case (1938 film)	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
Return to Yesterday	director	Robert Stevenson (director)
My Forbidden Past	director	Robert Stevenson
R. P. M.	director	Stanley Kramer
Oklahoma Crude (film)	director	Stanley Kramer
New Adventures of Get Rich Quick Wallingford	director	Sam Wood
Waiting for "Superman"	director	Davis Guggenheim
Protected!	director	Jerry A. Vasilatos
Jinx Money	director	William Beaudine
Deathrow Gameshow	director	Mark Pirro (director)
Hell to Pay (film)	director	Roberto Gomez Martin
40 Guns to Apache Pass	director	William Witney
Molester's Train: Nasty Behavior	director	Hisayasu Satō
I Accuse	director	Ketcham
Serial Rape: Perverted Experiment	director	Hisayasu Satō
Office Lady Sisters: I Want to Sleep with You	director	Yūji Tajiri
Growth (film)	director	Gabriel Cowan
Cyrus (film)	director	Jay Duplass
Cyrus (film)	director	Mark Duplass
Master Swordsman Lu Xiaofeng	director	Daniel Lee (film director)
Asmalı Konak	director	Çağan Irmak
The Art of Living (film)	director	Julio Diamante
Romantic Comedy (2010 film)	director	Ketche
On Board (film)	director	Serdar Akar
Secrets Behind the Wall	director	Kōji Wakamatsu
My Love and I	director	Gunnar Höglund
Prem Nazirine Kanmanilla	director	Lenin Rajendran
Love 65	director	Bo Widerberg
Abohoman	director	Rituparno Ghosh
The Flames of the End	director	Anders Björler
Pajarito Gómez	director	Rodolfo Kuhn
Otōto (2010 film)	director	Yoji Yamada
House of the Living Dead	director	Ray Austin (director)
It Can Be Done Amigo	director	Maurizio Lucidi
St. Benny the Dip	director	Edgar G. Ulmer
New * Desired Sister-in-Law: Immoral Relations	director	Toshiya Ueno
Whale (film)	director	Petar B. Vasilev
Convoy (1940 film)	director	Pen Tennyson
Salome Where She Danced	director	Charles Lamont
To (film)	director	Palle Kjærulff-Schmidt
The Horror of It All	director	Terence Fisher
The Stranglers of Bombay	director	Terence Fisher
A Song for Tomorrow	director	Terence Fisher
Colonel Bogey (film)	director	Terence Fisher
Portrait from Life	director	Terence Fisher
Marry Me (1949 film)	director	Terence Fisher
The Lady Confesses	director	Sam Newfield
The Obsessed of Catale	director	Anselmo Duarte
Wälsungenblut	director	Rolf Thiele
Wings of Danger	director	Terence Fisher
Home to Danger	director	Terence Fisher
The Astonished Heart (film)	director	Terence Fisher
Distant Trumpet	director	Terence Fisher
Mantrap (1953 film)	director	Terence Fisher
I Killed That Man	director	Phil Rosen
Blood Orange (film)	director	Terence Fisher
Face the Music (film)	director	Terence Fisher
Murder by Proxy	director	Terence Fisher
Mask of Dust	director	Terence Fisher
Children Galore	director	Terence Fisher
Battle of Blood Island	director	Joel Rapp
Stolen Assignment	director	Terence Fisher
The Flaw (1955 film)	director	Terence Fisher
The Gelignite Gang	director	Terence Fisher
The Last Man to Hang?	director	Terence Fisher
Kill Me Tomorrow	director	Terence Fisher
Captain Scarlett (1953 film)	director	Thomas Carr (director)
Let the Game Begin	director	Amit Gupta
Gunslinger (upcoming film)	director	Mennan Yapo
Idaho (1943 film)	director	Joseph Kane
Wildfire (1945 film)	director	Robert Emmett Tansey
Pink Tush Girl	director	Kōyū Ohara
Kannezhuthi Pottum Thottu	director	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
Kathanayika Molla	director	Basavaraju Venkata Padmanabha Rao
Mahakavi Kshetrayya	director	C. S. Rao
Mahakavi Kshetrayya	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Born Reckless (1958 film)	director	Howard W. Koch
Guns, Girls, and Gangsters	director	Edward L. Cahn
The Big Operator (1959 film)	director	Charles F. Haas
College Confidential (film)	director	Albert Zugsmith
Agni Parvatam	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Veda (film)	director	Zülfü Livaneli
The All American	director	Jesse Hibbs
Balaji Institute of Telecom and Management Pune	director	Debajyoti Mukhopadhyay
Ain't Misbehavin' (film)	director	Edward Buzzell
Kutsal Damacana 2: İtmen	director	Korhan Bozkurt
Son İstasyon	director	Oğulcan Kırca
Bhakta Tukaram	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
Eyyvah Eyvah	director	Hakan Algül
Wallander – Tjuven	director	Stephan Apelgren
McDull, Kung Fu Kindergarten	director	Brian Tse
The Struggle (film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Dolls and Dolls	director	James Burrows
Gudi Gantalu	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
Heart Beat	director	John Byrum
Ekam – Son of Soil	director	Mandeep Benipal
Plastic Bag (film)	director	Ramin Bahrani
Der Weibsteufel (1966 film)	director	Georg Tressler
Jesse Stone: No Remorse	director	Robert Harmon
The Chasers (1965 film)	director	Yngve Gamlin
Billy the Kid in Texas	director	Sam Newfield
Married Single Other	director	Declan Lowney
Money-Driven Medicine	director	Andrew Fredericks
Running Wild (1955 film)	director	Abner Biberman
Kept Husbands	director	Lloyd Bacon
The Unseen (1945 film)	director	Lewis Allen (director)
Law of the Jungle (1942 film)	director	Jean Yarbrough
Vellithira (2003 film)	director	Bhadran
Nokkethadhoorathu Kannum Nattu	director	Fazil
Trouble Makers (1948 film)	director	Reginald Le Borg
Ma and Pa Kettle on Vacation	director	Charles Lamont
Mockery	director	Benjamin Christensen
Krithyam	director	Viji Thampi
Mittal v/s Mittal	director	Karan Razdan
Tata Manavadu	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
Bobbili Brahmanna	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Yathrakarude Sradhakku	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Hoffmeyer's Legacy	director	Mack Sennett
Pattalam (2003 film)	director	Lal Jose
Female Convict 101: Suck	director	Kōyū Ohara
Pink Tush Girl: Love Attack	director	Kōyū Ohara
Attacked!!	director	Yasuharu Hasebe
Para Fuera	director	Nick Jasenovec
French Roast	director	Fabrice O. Joubert
Naked Hearts	director	Édouard Luntz
Alleycat Rock: Female Boss	director	Yasuharu Hasebe
Swing It, Sailor!	director	Raymond Joseph Cannon
Loop (film)	director	Allan Niblo
Plaguers	director	Brad Sykes
I Can Make You Love Me	director	Michael Switzer
Hotel Imperial (film)	director	Mauritz Stiller
Please Give	director	Nicole Holofcener
Anatomy of a Psycho	director	Boris Petroff
Fallguy	director	Donn Harling
Molester's Train Housewife: Madam is a Pervert	director	Toshiki Satō
His Royal Highness (1932 film)	director	F.W. Thring
Emergency Landing (1941 film)	director	William Beaudine
Generation Zero	director	Stephen K. Bannon
A Warning to the Curious	director	Lawrence Gordon Clark
Brian Griffin's House of Payne	director	Jerry Langford
Animal Kingdom (film)	director	David Michôd
Deep Throat in Tokyo	director	Kan Mukai
Ammakilikkoodu	director	M. Padmakumar
Kokey @ Ako	director	Wenn V. Deramas
Mullavalliyum Thenmavum	director	V. K. Prakash
Mampazhakkalam	director	Joshi (director)
One Eyed King	director	Robert Moresco
Jaane Kahan Se Aayi Hai	director	Milap Zaveri
Saturn Returns (film)	director	Lior Shamriz
7 Khoon Maaf	director	Vishal Bhardwaj
The Fear (1966 film)	director	Kostas Manoussakis
St. Patrick's Day (The Office)	director	Randall Einhorn
Fears (Modern Family)	director	Reginald Hudlin
Pokhi	director	Jahnu Barua
The Sticky Taste of a Peach-Skinned Proprietess	director	Tetsuya Takehora
Pattanathil Sundaran	director	Vipin Mohan
Safe in Hell	director	William A. Wellman
The Lustful Sister-in-Law 2: Erotic Games	director	Toshiya Ueno
The Hawk's Nest (film)	director	Benjamin Christensen
Rapt (2009 film)	director	Lucas Belvaux
Club Fed (film)	director	Nat Christian
Center for Integrated Protein Science Munich	director	Oliver Baron
Party Pilipinas	director	Mark A. Reyes
Party Pilipinas	director	Rommel Gacho
Strikebound	director	Richard Lowenstein
Struck by Lightning (1990 film)	director	Jerzy Domaradzki
Ride, Rise, Roar	director	Hillman Curtis
Les Bonnes Femmes	director	Claude Chabrol
Summer of the Seventeenth Doll (film)	director	Les Norman
The Priest and the Girl	director	Joaquim Pedro de Andrade
27A	director	Esben Storm
No Shooting Time for Foxes	director	Peter Schamoni
Gold (1932 film)	director	Otto Brower
The Choppers	director	Leigh Jason
Rock River Renegades	director	S. Roy Luby
Liberation (film)	director	Michael Younesi
Naked Massacre	director	Denis Héroux
High School Caesar	director	O'Dale Ireland
Once Fallen	director	Ash Adams
The Joe Louis Story	director	Robert Gordon (actor)
Modern Female Ninja: Flesh Hell	director	Kan Mukai
Adulterous Wife: Dizzy	director	Yūji Tajiri
Fed (Law & Order)	director	Alex Chapple
Valley of the Wolves: Gladio	director	Sadullah Şentürk
Bhairava Dweepam	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
An American Dream (film)	director	Robert Gist
Ohm Krüger	director	Hans Steinhoff
Thenkasipattanam	director	Rafi Mecartin
Private Lives (House)	director	Sanford Bookstaver
My Two Young Men	director	David Grossman (director)
Aadhi Bhagavan	director	Ameer Sultan
The Black Forest Clinic	director	Alfred Vohrer
Bandhavyalu	director	S. V. Ranga Rao
The Last Recruit	director	Stephen Semel
Soul Surfer (film)	director	Sean McNamara (director)
Miss You Like Crazy (film)	director	Cathy Garcia Molina
Dersimiz: Atatürk	director	Hamdi Alkan
Boston Kickout	director	Paul Hills
À double tour	director	Claude Chabrol
Le Tigre aime la chair fraiche	director	Claude Chabrol
Le Tigre se parfume à la dynamite	director	Claude Chabrol
I Proud To Be An Indian	director	Puneet Sira
New Leads	director	Brent Forrester
The Eye of Evil	director	Claude Chabrol
Liviu's Dream	director	Corneliu Porumboiu
The Desert Island	director	Wu Yonggang
Allemagne année 90 neuf zéro	director	Jean-Luc Godard
The Wart (film)	director	Shinji Imaoka
Farsighted for Two Diopters	director	Petar B. Vasilev
Six in Paris	director	Claude Chabrol
Six in Paris	director	Jean Douchet
Six in Paris	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Six in Paris	director	Jean-Daniel Pollet
Six in Paris	director	Éric Rohmer
Six in Paris	director	Jean Rouch
Miracle on Ice (1981 film)	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
Alle Jahre wieder (film)	director	Ulrich Schamoni
The Rats Woke Up	director	Živojin Pavlović
Judaai (1980 film)	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
Indian Summer (1973 film)	director	Milen Nikolov
Jahan Ara (film)	director	Vinod Kumar
A Gangstergirl	director	Frans Weisz
Story of Barbara	director	Palle Kjærulff-Schmidt
The Seventh Floor	director	Ugo Tognazzi
The Strange Night	director	Alfredo Angeli
Yogi Vemana	director	Kadri Venkata Reddy
Normalman (TV series)	director	Renzo Taglialatela
Black Hole (House)	director	Greg Yaitanes
La Décade prodigieuse	director	Claude Chabrol
Serpent Island	director	Tom Gries
Hell's Horizon	director	Tom Gries
Girl in the Woods	director	Tom Gries
Mustang! (film)	director	Tom Gries
Fools (film)	director	Tom Gries
Journey Through Rosebud	director	Tom Gries
Sopping Wet Married Teacher: Doing It in Uniform	director	Shinji Imaoka
Housekeeping (film)	director	Bill Forsyth
Me and the Kid	director	Dan Curtis
Park Row (film)	director	Samuel Fuller
Thieves After Dark	director	Samuel Fuller
Street of No Return	director	Samuel Fuller
Amore e rabbia	director	Marco Bellocchio
Amore e rabbia	director	Bernardo Bertolucci
Amore e rabbia	director	Jean-Luc Godard
Amore e rabbia	director	Carlo Lizzani
Amore e rabbia	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
Amore e rabbia	director	Elda Tattoli
I Love My Wife (film)	director	Mel Stuart
Twin Sisters (1934 film)	director	Zheng Zhengqiu
The Champagne Murders	director	Claude Chabrol
Mean Dog Blues	director	Mel Stuart
The White Lions	director	Mel Stuart
The Rogues Tavern	director	Robert F. Hill
Les Godelureaux	director	Claude Chabrol
Ghosts on the Loose	director	William Beaudine
Zis Boom Bah	director	William Nigh
Green Eyes (1934 film)	director	Richard Thorpe
Fighting Fools	director	Reginald Le Borg
House of Mystery (1934 film)	director	William Nigh
The Devil's Hand	director	William J. Hole Jr.
EMI (film)	director	Saurabh Kabra
Trapped by Television	director	Del Lord
Terribly Happy	director	Henrik Ruben Genz
Fire Monsters Against the Son of Hercules	director	Guido Malatesta
Old San Francisco (film)	director	Alan Crosland
Curse of Bigfoot	director	Dave Flocker
Ophelia (film)	director	Claude Chabrol
Dr. Popaul	director	Claude Chabrol
The Hit List (2011 film)	director	William Kaufman
Hotel Splendide (1932 film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
His Lordship	director	Michael Powell (director)
The Fire Raisers (film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
Ricky Rapper (film)	director	Mari Rantasila
The Wall (1967 film)	director	Serge Roullet
Rasmus på luffen	director	Olle Hellbom
Ricky Rapper and the Bicycle Thief	director	Mari Rantasila
Liv (film)	director	Pål Løkkeberg
Life's Just Great	director	Jan Halldoff
Paranoia (1967 film)	director	Adriaan Ditvoorst
Pilot (Sons of Anarchy)	director	Allen Coulter
Pilot (Sons of Anarchy)	director	Michael Dinner
Lockdown (House)	director	Hugh Laurie
Knight Fall	director	Juan J. Campanella
Dust (2009 film)	director	Max Jacoby
Hold That Baby!	director	Reginald Le Borg
Panchagni	director	Hariharan (director)
The Dream (film)	director	Mladomir Puriša Đorđević
Lost Spring	director	Noboru Nakamura
Vortex (film)	director	Nikos Koundouros
Flying Blind (film)	director	Frank McDonald (director)
Dungeon of Harrow	director	Pat Boyette
Jim Hanvey, Detective	director	Phil Rosen
Bulldog Drummond at Bay (1937 film)	director	Norman Lee
Satan's Harvest	director	George Montgomery (actor)
Open and Shut (House)	director	Greg Yaitanes
The Choice (House)	director	Juan J. Campanella
Bellamy (film)	director	Claude Chabrol
Soy tu dueña	director	Salvador Garcini
Seeds (Sons of Anarchy)	director	Charles Haid
The Beaches of Agnès	director	Agnès Varda
Bulldog Drummond's Bride	director	James P. Hogan (director)
UFO: Target Earth	director	Michael A. DeGaetano
Streak (film)	director	Demi Moore
Adieu Philippine	director	Jacques Rozier
Ana Horra	director	Salah Abu Seif
The Art of Marriage	director	Sean S. Cunningham
Broke Sky	director	Thomas L. Callaway
Le Parti Des Choses	director	Jacques Rozier
Fifi Martingale	director	Jacques Rozier
Du Cote D'Orouet	director	Jacques Rozier
Sufi Paranja Katha	director	Priyanandanan
Evelyn (play)	director	Piers Haggard
Father and Guns	director	Émile Gaudreault
Last of the Living	director	Logan McMillan
Something Like Love	director	Enzo Muzii
Gun the Man Down	director	Andrew McLaglen
The Sins of Rachel Cade	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Nurse.Fighter.Boy	director	Charles Officer
Devil's Partner	director	Charles R. Rondeau
Before Tomorrow	director	Marie-Hélène Cousineau
Before Tomorrow	director	Madeline Ivalu
Chemistry (2009 film)	director	Viji Thamby
Une partie de plaisir	director	Claude Chabrol
Angels in Disguise (film)	director	Jean Yarbrough
In His Life: The John Lennon Story	director	David Carson (director)
Ciao (film)	director	Yen Tan
Trapped in Silence	director	Michael Tuchner
Crazy Moon (film)	director	Allan Eastman
The Aviators (TV series)	director	Anthony Nalli
Dam 999	director	Sohan Roy
Let's Dance (1950 film)	director	Norman Z. McLeod
3 saisons	director	Jim Donovan (director)
The Boudoir Diplomat	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
Cover Story (2000 film)	director	G.S. Vijayan
Harlan – In the Shadow of Jew Süss	director	Felix Moeller
Hooked (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Legacy (2010 film)	director	Thomas Ikimi
Hunger for Love	director	Nelson Pereira dos Santos
1 Day	director	Penny Woolcock
The Bloody Brood	director	Julian Roffman
Pretty Baby....	director	Clive Arnold
Kana Kanmani	director	Akku Akbar
Une Visite	director	François Truffaut
Chuck Versus the Beard	director	Zachary Levi
Twelve Hours to Kill	director	Edward L. Cahn
Steel-Eyed Death	director	Michael Pressman
Boy on Fire	director	Rose Troche
Rehmat Ali	director	Partho Ghosh
Jackie (2010 film)	director	Duniya Soori
Vegas (film)	director	Gunnar Vikene
Bharathchandran I.P.S.	director	Renji Panicker
The Voice (film)	director	Ümit Ünal
Sadanandante Samayam	director	Akku Akbar
A.P.E.X.	director	Phillip J. Roth
Palletooru	director	Tatineni Prakash Rao
The Doll (1968 film)	director	Wojciech Jerzy Has
Bang (The Good Wife)	director	Rod Holcomb
The Market: A Tale of Trade	director	Ben Hopkins
The Man Who Lies	director	Alain Robbe-Grillet
Peter-assment	director	Julius Wu
The Day That Shook the World	director	Veljko Bulajić
Bab'Aziz	director	Nacer Khemir
Megasandesam	director	Rajasenan
Phineas and Ferb Christmas Vacation	director	Zac Moncrief
Nirdoshi	director	H. M. Reddy
The Power of Madonna	director	Ryan Murphy (writer)
The Art of the Steal (film)	director	Don Argott
Contract (animated short film)	director	Vladimir Tarasov
Shooting Range (animated short film)	director	Vladimir Tarasov
Button (animated short film)	director	Vladimir Tarasov
The Good Heart	director	Dagur Kári
Little Big Top	director	Ward Roberts
Invisible Strangler	director	John Florea
Invisible Strangler	director	Gene Fowler, Jr.
Invisible Strangler	director	Arthur C. Pierce
Semum	director	Hasan Karacadağ
One Frightened Night	director	Christy Cabanne
Terror Is a Man	director	Gerardo de León
Warhead (film)	director	John O'Connor
Die Sister, Die!	director	Randall Hood
After the Apocalypse	director	Yasuaki Nakajima
Uncle Joe (1941 film)	director	Howard M. Railsback
Uncle Joe (1941 film)	director	Raymond E. Swartley
Sea Racketeers	director	Hamilton MacFadden
Mr. Monk's 100th Case	director	Randall Zisk
Dilliwala Rajakumaran	director	Rajasenan
Unshockable	director	Kenneth Fink
Darling Darling (2000 film)	director	Rajasenan
Nakshathrakkannulla Rajakumaran Avanundoru Rajakumari	director	Rajasenan
Bhishma (film)	director	B. A. Subba Rao
Chandirani	director	Bhanumathi Ramakrishna
The Ernie Game	director	Don Owen (filmmaker)
To Grab the Ring	director	Nikolai van der Heyde
U raskoraku	director	Milenko Strbac
The Sea Lion	director	Rowland V. Lee
Max Takes Tonics	director	Max Linder
Voodoo Man	director	William Beaudine
Master Minds	director	Jean Yarbrough
The Red Stallion	director	Lesley Selander
Red Stallion in the Rockies	director	Ralph Murphy
Agnes Browne	director	Anjelica Huston
The Last Straw (film)	director	Jon Monday
A Touch of Love (1969 film)	director	Waris Hussein
Aido: Slave of Love	director	Susumu Hani
Ballad of Carl-Henning	director	Lene Grønlykke
Ballad of Carl-Henning	director	Sven Grønlykke
Brazil Year 2000	director	Walter Lima, Jr.
Erotissimo	director	Gérard Pirès
Mahakavi Kalidasu	director	Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao
The Vampire Happening	director	Freddie Francis
I'm an Elephant, Madame	director	Peter Zadek
Fun Town	director	Stephen Kay
We Are All Demons	director	Henning Carlsen
Blood Will Tell (2007 film)	director	Andrew McPhillips
Double Dhamaal	director	Indra Kumar
Pistachio – The Little Boy That Woodn't	director	Mike Nawrocki
The Great Sinner	director	Robert Siodmak
Of Love & Betrayal	director	Michael Reed McLaughlin
Safar Barlik	director	Henry Barakat
Thaïs (Italian film)	director	Anton Giulio Bragaglia
Honeycomb (film)	director	Carlos Saura
His Day of Glory	director	Edoardo Bruno
On the Threshold of Space	director	Robert D. Webb
City of Life	director	Ali Mustafa
Made in Sweden (film)	director	Johan Bergenstråhle (director)
Space Master X-7	director	Edward Bernds
Anesthetize (video)	director	Lasse Hoile
When Luck Breaks the Door	director	Tayfun Güneyer
Borrowed Bride	director	Atıf Yılmaz
Three Into Two Won't Go	director	Peter Hall (director)
Cradle Song (1933 film)	director	Mitchell Leisen
Behold My Wife	director	Mitchell Leisen
Blonde Dynamite	director	William Deaudine
Masquerade in Mexico	director	Mitchell Leisen
Coup de Grâce (1969 film)	director	Ricardo Becher
Suddenly, It's Spring	director	Mitchell Leisen
Dream Girl (1948 film)	director	Mitchell Leisen
Bride of Vengeance	director	Mitchell Leisen
Song of Surrender	director	Mitchell Leisen
Darling, How Could You!	director	Mitchell Leisen
Tonight We Sing	director	Mitchell Leisen
Bedevilled	director	Mitchell Leisen
A Quiet Place in the Country	director	Elio Petri
Flat!	director	Hemant Madhukar
About Mrs. Leslie	director	Daniel Mann
Bröllopsfotografen	director	Ulf Malmros
Hot Spell (film)	director	Daniel Mann
A Dream of Kings (film)	director	Daniel Mann
The Revengers (film)	director	Daniel Mann
Kingfish: A Story of Huey Long	director	Thomas Schlamme
Lucky Losers	director	William Beaudine
Big Trouble (1986 film)	director	John Cassavetes
Sebastian (2011 film)	director	Gregori J. Martin
The Armchair	director	Missa Hebié
Music by Prudence	director	Roger Ross Williams
Conan the Barbarian (2011 film)	director	Marcus Nispel
Pakkinti Ammayi	director	C. Pullaiah
Veendum Chila Veettukaryangal	director	Sathyan Anthikad
The Don (2006 film)	director	Shaji Kailas
The Tiger (2005 film)	director	Shaji Kailas
Halls of Anger	director	Paul Bogart
DC Showcase: The Spectre	director	Joaquim Dos Santos
Black Out (film)	director	Jean-Louis Roy
Die zwei Leben des Daniel Shore	director	Michael Dreher (director)
Apart from Life	director	Kei Kumai
The Notebooks of Memory	director	Anne Aghion
Dionysus (film)	director	Brian De Palma
Dionysus (film)	director	Richard Schechner
Jackal of Nahueltoro	director	Miguel Littín
El extraño caso del doctor Fausto	director	Gonzalo Suárez
L'Ennemi Intime	director	Florent Emilio Siri
Klann – grand guignol	director	Patrick Ledoux
The Howl	director	Tinto Brass
Eden and After	director	Alain Robbe-Grillet
Stilyagi (film)	director	Valery Todorovsky
Novaya Zemlya (film)	director	Aleksandr Melnik
Vasthuhara	director	G. Aravindan
Future Husband	director	Don Scardino
Sportloto-82	director	Leonid Gaidai
Aswang (1994 film)	director	Barry Poltermann
The Woman with No Name	director	Ladislao Vajda
The Adventures of Gerard	director	Jerzy Skolimowski
Sudigundalu	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Sudigundalu	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Joanna Francesa	director	Carlos Diegues
Yakshiyum Njanum	director	Vinayan
Immini Nalloraal	director	Rajasenan
Eşrefpaşalılar	director	Hüdaverdi Yavuz
Aadyathe Kanmani	director	Rajasenan
A Girl Called Jules	director	Tonino Valerii
The Inheritors (1970 film)	director	David Stivel
Eight Heroes	director	Wong Jing
The Prophet of Hunger	director	Maurice Capovila
Runaway (2009 animated film)	director	Cordell Barker
Spanish Fly (1975 film)	director	Bob Kellett
Bog Standard (short film)	director	Colin Warhurst
What Is a Man Without a Moustache?	director	Hrvoje Hribar
Brilliant Disguise (Law & Order)	director	Alex Chapple
The Customer of the Off Season	director	Moshé Mizrahi
Badrinath (film)	director	V. V. Vinayak
Paris 36	director	Christophe Barratier
Hysterical (1983 film)	director	Chris Bearde
The Secret Agent Club	director	John Murlowski
Desadanam	director	Jayaraj
Attack on the Iron Coast	director	Paul Wendkos
Beginner's Luck (2001 film)	director	James Callis
Beginner's Luck (2001 film)	director	Nick Cohen
Pookkalam Varavayi	director	Kamal (director)
Millennium Stars	director	Jayaraj
The Purple Plain	director	Robert Parrish
Promises Written in Water	director	Vincent Gallo
Chilaka Gorinka	director	Kotayya Pratyagatma
A Boy Called Dad	director	Brian Percival
Agent Vinod (2011 film)	director	Sriram Raghavan
Yashoda Krishna	director	C. S. Rao
Rudraksham	director	Shaji Kailas
On the Way to School	director	Orhan Eskiköy
On the Way to School	director	Özgür Doğan
Fifty-Fifty (1925 film)	director	Henri Diamant-Berger
Of Gods and the Undead	director	Ruy Guerra
Out of It (film)	director	Paul Williams (director)
Why Does Herr R. Run Amok?	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Why Does Herr R. Run Amok?	director	Michael Fengler
Coriolanus (film)	director	Ralph Fiennes
Dick Deadeye, or Duty Done	director	Bill Melendez
Casino Jack and the United States of Money	director	Alex Gibney
The Goddess of Lost Lake	director	Wallace Worsley
Father of Invention	director	Trent Cooper
Drive Angry	director	Patrick Lussier
Love at Sea	director	Guy Gilles
The Hungry Rabbit Jumps	director	Roger Donaldson
Nefertiti, figlia del sole	director	Guy Gilles
The Croods	director	Chris Sanders (director)
The Croods	director	Kirk DeMicco
2012: Time for Change	director	João Amorim
How the War Started on My Island	director	Vinko Brešan
Gay Republicans (2004 film)	director	Wash West
Shame (1988 film)	director	Steve Jodrell
Black Stallion (film)	director	Pramod Pappan
Hum Tum Aur Ghost	director	Kabeer Kaushik
Inspector Balram	director	I. V. Sasi
Mooga Manasulu	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Vihir	director	Umesh Vinayak Kulkarni
Doom Runners	director	Brendan Maher
The House on Carroll Street	director	Peter Yates
Soft Fruit (film)	director	Christina Andreef
Bad Family (film)	director	Aleksi Salmenperä
Mr. Nice	director	Bernard Rose (director)
Barry Munday	director	Chris D'Arienzo
Inflatable Sex Doll of the Wastelands	director	Atsushi Yamatoya
I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings (film)	director	Fielder Cook
The Art of the Sucker Punch	director	Loren Bouchard
The Red Shoes (2010 film)	director	Raul Jorolan
Neti Bharatam	director	T. Krishna
The Crab Game	director	Ali Özgentürk
Ammayane Sathyam	director	Balachandra Menon
Piano Girl	director	Murat Saraçoğlu
Accident (1985 film)	director	Shankar Nag
A Step into the Darkness	director	Atıl İnaç
Keralotsavam 2009	director	Shankar Panikkar
Maro Malupu	director	Vejella Satyanarayana
The Ringing Ball	director	Mahir Egemen Ertürk
Love in Another Language	director	İlksen Başarır
Shalini Ente Koottukari	director	Mohan (director)
The Lady and the Reaper	director	Javier Recio Gracia
The Pain (film)	director	Cemal Şan
2000 Weeks	director	Tim Burstall
MLA Fatakeshto	director	Swapan Saha
Unfinished Business (1985 Australian film)	director	Bob Ellis
Waiting (1991 film)	director	Jackie McKimmie
Naa Illu	director	Chittor V. Nagaiah
Warm Nights on a Slow Moving Train	director	Bob Ellis
Lure of the Wilderness	director	Jean Negulesco
Edgeplay: A film about The Runaways	director	Victory Tischler-Blue
Stranger from Venus	director	Burt Balaban
Robot Bastard!	director	Rob Schrab
What on Earth!	director	Kaj Pindal
What on Earth!	director	Les Drew
Mr. Yin Presents...	director	James Roday
Shoot to Kill (1947 film)	director	William A. Berke
The Big Swap (film)	director	Niall Johnson
The Legion of Extraordinary Dancers	director	Jon Chu
The Legion of Extraordinary Dancers	director	Christopher Scott (choreographer)
Vìctimas del Pecado	director	Emilio Fernández
Zona Roja (film)	director	Emilio Fernández
Pandippada	director	Rafi Mecartin
The Voice of Bugle Ann	director	Richard Thorpe
Amphetamine (film)	director	Scud (film producer/writer)
Don Seenu	director	Gopichand Malineni
Winter of Our Dreams	director	John Duigan
Wrong World	director	Ian Pringle (director)
To Love Again (film)	director	Kon Ichikawa
Ang.: Lone	director	Franz Ernst
Jucy	director	Louise Alston
Bloomfield (film)	director	Richard Harris
Bloomfield (film)	director	Uri Zohar
Mr.Cinema	director	Samson Chiu
The Golden Head	director	Richard Thorpe
The Golden Head	director	James Hill (British director)
The Lady Escapes	director	Eugene Forde
International Settlement (film)	director	Eugene Forde
Suthradharulu	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Cardinal Richelieu (film)	director	Rowland V. Lee
Israel's Next War	director	Dan Setton
The First Day (film)	director	Herbert Holba
Dulcima	director	Frank Nesbitt
The Iron Duke (film)	director	Victor Saville
Nurse on Wheels	director	Gerald Thomas
Britannia Mews	director	Jean Negulesco
His Excellency (film)	director	Robert Hamer
Reportaje (1953 film)	director	Emilio Fernández
True as a Turtle	director	Wendy Toye
The Cape Town Affair	director	Robert D. Webb
Partner 2	director	David Dhawan
Hatchet II	director	Adam Green (filmmaker)
The Very Edge	director	Cyril Frankel
Who Goes There!	director	Anthony Kimmins
Where There's a Will (1955 film)	director	Vernon Sewell
The Bridal Path (film)	director	Frank Launder
Fortune is a Woman	director	Sidney Gilliat
Star Vehicle (film)	director	Ryan Nicholson
T-Force (film)	director	Richard Pepin
Netherworld (film)	director	Charles Band
Heat Lightning (film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Tom & Jerry (film)	director	Kaladharan
Jaider, der einsame Jäger	director	Volker Vogeler
Vettam	director	Priyadarshan
Mister Drake's Duck	director	Val Guest
Jumping for Joy	director	John Paddy Carstairs
Sid Bernstein Presents	director	Jason Ressler
Sid Bernstein Presents	director	Evan Strome
The Girl from Maxim's	director	Alexander Korda
Le Chat (film)	director	Pierre Granier-Deferre
Love Is War (film)	director	Ragnar Lasse-Henriksen
Triple Trouble (1950 film)	director	Jean Yarbrough
Blushing Charlie	director	Vilgot Sjöman
Across the Sea (Lost)	director	Tucker Gates
Ninì Tirabusciò: la donna che inventò la mossa	director	Marcello Fondato
Blues Busters (film)	director	William Beaudine
The Vicar of Bray (film)	director	Henry Edwards (actor)
Red Wheat	director	Živojin Pavlović
The Return of Bulldog Drummond	director	Walter Summers
Bulldog Drummond at Bay (1947 film)	director	Sidney Salkow
Leather Gloves	director	Richard Quine
Sunny Side of the Street (film)	director	Richard Quine
Purple Heart Diary	director	Richard Quine
All Ashore	director	Richard Quine
Siren of Bagdad	director	Richard Quine
Cruisin' Down the River	director	Richard Quine
While the Sun Shines	director	Anthony Asquith
So This Is Paris	director	Richard Quine
He Who Loves in a Glass House	director	Michael Verhoeven
Full of Life	director	Richard Quine
Synanon (film)	director	Richard Quine
Whity (film)	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
A Talent for Loving	director	Richard Quine
Sound Off (film)	director	Richard Quine
Strangers' Meeting	director	Robert Day (director)
Life in Emergency Ward 10	director	Robert Day (director)
Bobbikins	director	Robert Day (director)
The Big Game (film)	director	Robert Day (director)
Ten Tiny Love Stories	director	Rodrigo García Barcha
Hall Pass	director	Bobby Farrelly
Vice Squad (1953 film)	director	Arnold Laven
Slaughter on Tenth Avenue (film)	director	Arnold Laven
Anna Lucasta (1959 film)	director	Arnold Laven
The Best of Enemies	director	Guy Hamilton
Try This One for Size	director	Guy Hamilton
Ginza kankan musume	director	Koji Shima
A Girl Must Live	director	Carol Reed
The Cutting Edge: Fire & Ice	director	Stephen Herek
Sexual Healing (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Merupu Daadi	director	P. N. Ramachandra Rao
Funny or Die Presents	director	Matt Piedmont
There (film)	director	Hakkı Kurtuluş
There (film)	director	Melik Saraçoğlu
Men on the Bridge	director	Aslı Özge
How Are You? (film)	director	Özlem Akovalıgil
Veerabhimanyu	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
10 to 11	director	Pelin Esmer
Patch Over	director	Paris Barclay
Lovelorn (film)	director	Yavuz Turgul
The Illustrated Man (film)	director	Jack Smight
Desirable	director	Archie Mayo
Berlin 36	director	Kaspar Heidelbach
Day & Night (2010 film)	director	Teddy Newton
And Everything Is Going Fine	director	Steven Soderbergh
Solos en la madrugada	director	José Luis Garci
Splinterheads	director	Brant Sersen
The Missing Clerk	director	Gert Fredholm
In Prison Awaiting Trial	director	Nanni Loy
The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn	director	Bill Condon
Hamilchama al hashalom	director	Jules Dassin
Las verdes praderas	director	José Luis Garci
The Seven-Per-Cent Solution (film)	director	Herbert Ross
Battleship (film)	director	Peter Berg
I G Inspector General	director	B. Unnikrishnan
Orkkuka Vallappozhum	director	Sohanlal
Colours (film)	director	Raj Babu
Kadha, Samvidhanam Kunchakko	director	Haridas Kesavan
Hailesa	director	Thaha
Karimpinpoovinakkare	director	I. V. Sasi
Ustaad	director	Sibi Malayil
Nadiya Kollappetta Rathri	director	K. Madhu
Valiyangadi	director	Salim Baba
The Last Exorcism	director	Daniel Stamm
The Taqwacores (film)	director	Eyad Zahra
Annan Thambi	director	Anwar Rasheed
Kappal Muthalaali	director	Thaha
Patham Nilayile Theevandi	director	Joshi Mathew
Utharaswayamvaram	director	Remakanth Sarjju
Kidnapper (film)	director	Kelvin Tong
Seetha Kalyanam (2009 film)	director	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
Duplicate (2009 film)	director	Shibu Prabhakar
Macabre (2010 film)	director	Mo Brothers
Oru Black and White Kudumbam	director	Shaiju Anthikkad
Ay Lav Yu	director	Sermiyan Midyat
Beneath Hill 60	director	Jeremy Sims
Lost Songs of Anatolia	director	Nezih Ünen
April Fool (film)	director	Viji Thampi
The Bermondsey Kid	director	Ralph Dawson
Terminal Bar (film)	director	Stefan Nadelman
João and the Knife	director	George Sluizer
L'udienza	director	Marco Ferreri
A House Without Boundaries	director	Pedro Olea
Najma (film)	director	Mehboob Khan
Someone Behind the Door	director	Nicolas Gessner
Hotel Paradiso (film)	director	Peter Glenville
Another Year (film)	director	Mike Leigh
Chuka (film)	director	Gordon Douglas
Black Dogs Barking	director	Mehmet Bahadır Er
Black Dogs Barking	director	Maryna Gorbach
Michael Collins (film)	director	Neil Jordan
Pandora's Box (2008 film)	director	Yeşim Ustaoğlu
Wrong Rosary	director	Mahmut Fazıl Çoşkun
Makalkku	director	Jayaraj
Pachakuthira	director	Kamal (director)
Mulla (film)	director	Lal Jose
Bharya Swantham Suhruthu	director	Venu Nagavally
Samastha Keralam PO	director	Bipin Prabhakar
Dharma Patni	director	P. Pullaiah
The Master (2009 film)	director	Bahadır Karataş
3 Apples Fell from the Sky	director	Raşit Çelikezer
Nammal Thammil	director	Viji Thampi
Banaras (2009 film)	director	Nemom Pushparaj
Mommo the Bogeyman	director	Atalay Taşdiken
In Darkness	director	Çağan Irmak
Kunjikoonan	director	Sasi Shankar
Kangaroo (2007 film)	director	Raj Babu
Black Dalia	director	Baburaj (actor)
Giving Back	director	Tim Hunter (director)
Abodh	director	Hiren Nag
Awara Baap	director	Sohanlal Kanwar
Swati (film)	director	Kranthi Kumar
Meerayude Dukhavum Muthuvinte Swapnavum	director	Vinayan
Uttar Dakshin	director	Prabhat Khanna
Hifazat (1987 film)	director	Prayag Raj
Hareendran Oru Nishkalankan	director	Vinayan
Mundhinam Paartheney	director	Magizh Thirumeni
I'm Here (film)	director	Spike Jonze
Sumangali	director	Bommireddy Narasimha Reddy
All the World's a Stage (Ugly Betty)	director	Andy Wolk
Dard (1981 film)	director	Ambrish Sangal
Dard (1947 film)	director	Abdul Rashid Kardar
The Old Maid (1972 film)	director	Jean-Pierre Blanc
Point Blank (1998 film)	director	Matt Earl Beesley
Gone Too Soon (documentary)	director	Ian Halperin
The Absinthe Drinkers (film)	director	John Jopson
Oblivion (film)	director	Sam Irvin
Aaghaat	director	Vikram Gokhale
Bharya Onnu Makkal Moonnu	director	Rajasenan
Kalpana (1948 film)	director	Uday Shankar
Kausthubham	director	Sajeev Kilikulam
Nandhuni	director	Hari Narayanan
Beyond the Time Barrier	director	Edgar G. Ulmer
The Bar at the Crossing	director	Alain Levent
The Quakeress	director	Raymond B. West
Neither by Day Nor by Night	director	Steven Hilliard Stern
Manmatha (film)	director	N.Rajesh Fernandes
Mohabbat (1997 film)	director	Reema Rakesh Nath
The Explosive Generation	director	Buzz Kulik
The Yellow Canary	director	Buzz Kulik
Sergeant Ryker	director	Buzz Kulik
Hyper Sapien: People from Another Star	director	Peter R. Hunt
The Three Sisters (1966 film)	director	Paul Bogart
Cancel My Reservation	director	Paul Bogart
Mr. Ricco	director	Paul Bogart
Summer Solstice (2003 film)	director	George Fivas
Asso (film)	director	Franco Castellano
Asso (film)	director	Giuseppe Moccia
Flashing Spikes	director	John Ford
Not for Publication	director	Paul Bartel
The Longshot	director	Paul Bartel
Shelf Life (film)	director	Paul Bartel
Bugis Street (film)	director	Yonfan
Fire! (1977 film)	director	Earl Bellamy
The Extraordinary Adventures of Adèle Blanc-Sec (film)	director	Luc Besson
Alf's Button Afloat	director	Marcel Varnel
That Night in London	director	Rowland V. Lee
The Missing Rembrandt	director	Leslie S. Hiscott
Vetri	director	S. A. Chandrasekhar
Dara (short film)	director	Kimo Stamboel
Dara (short film)	director	Timo Tjahjanto
Fruit and Nut (film)	director	Kunal Vijaykar
Malabar Wedding	director	Rajesh Faisal
The Car (1997 film)	director	Rajasenan
Manjupoloru Penkutti	director	Kamal (director)
Bowery Battalion	director	William Beaudine
Hrabina Cosel	director	Jerzy Antczak
Girltrash!	director	Angela Robinson
Ten Gentlemen from West Point	director	Henry Hathaway
Heritage of the Desert	director	Henry Hathaway
Under the Tonto Rim	director	Henry Hathaway
Wild Horse Mesa (1932 film)	director	Henry Hathaway
Diplomatic Courier	director	Henry Hathaway
The Racers	director	Henry Hathaway
Sunset Pass	director	Henry Hathaway
Man of the Forest	director	Henry Hathaway
Are You in the House Alone?	director	Walter Grauman
Come on Marines	director	Henry Hathaway
The Witching Hour (film)	director	Henry Hathaway
The Last Round-Up	director	Henry Hathaway
From Hell to Texas	director	Henry Hathaway
The Last Safari	director	Henry Hathaway
Shoot Out	director	Henry Hathaway
Hangup	director	Henry Hathaway
This Man in Paris	director	David MacDonald (director)
This Man Is News	director	David MacDonald (director)
Amrapali (film)	director	Lekh Tandon
Parayan Marannathu	director	Arun S. Bhaskar
The Tale of Scrotie McBoogerballs	director	Trey Parker
Tropical Fish (film)	director	Chen Yu-hsun
Carland Cross (TV series)	director	Michel Oleffe
Carland Cross (TV series)	director	Olivier Grenson
Whistling in the Dark (1941 film)	director	S. Sylvan Simon
Whistling in the Dark (1933 film)	director	Elliott Nugent
Whistling in the Dark (1933 film)	director	Charles Reisner
Matariki (film)	director	Michael Bennett (film director)
Whistling in Dixie	director	S. Sylvan Simon
Great Expectations (2007 film)	director	Jesper Wachtmeister
Keelu Gurram	director	Raja of Mirzapur
Rahasya Police	director	K. Madhu
Chitrashalabham	director	K. B. Madhu
Just William (1940 film)	director	Graham Cutts
Well Done Abba	director	Shyam Benegal
Selena Remembered	director	Cecilia Miniucchi
One Hysterical Night	director	William James Craft
C.O.D. (film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
Fonazei o kleftis	director	Giannis Dalianidis
To thyma	director	Alekos Sakellarios
Perverted Criminal	director	Kōji Seki
Kashmeeram	director	Rajiv Anchal
Sasneham Sumithra	director	Ambadi Krishnan
Gramaphone (film)	director	Kamal (director)
Madhya Venal	director	Madhu Kaithapram
Vellathooval	director	I. V. Sasi
Say Cheese (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
Judas Kiss (2011 film)	director	J. T. Tepnapa
Stella Does Tricks	director	Coky Giedroyc
Rude Awakening (1989 film)	director	David Greenwalt
Rude Awakening (1989 film)	director	Aaron Russo
Steppin: The Movie	director	Michael Taliferro
Museum of Ivo Andrić	director	Miroslav Pantić
Professor Popper's Problem	director	Gerry O'Hara
Skeleton Crew (film)	director	Tommi Lepola
Skeleton Crew (film)	director	Tero Molin
Blood Car	director	Alex Orr
Seeta Rama Jananam	director	Ghantasala Balaramaiah
De Ingottu Nokkiye	director	Balachandra Menon
Kilukkam Kilukilukkam	director	Sandhya Mohan
Greetings (2004 film)	director	Shajoon Kariyal
Puli Vesham	director	P. Vasu
What They Died For	director	Paul A. Edwards
Yamla Pagla Deewana	director	Samir Karnik
The End (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Killer Image (1992 film)	director	David Winning
Storm (1987 film)	director	David Winning
Syncopation (1929 film)	director	Bert Glennon
College Kumaran	director	Thulasidas
Sound of Boot	director	Shaji Kailas
Positive (2008 film)	director	V. K. Prakash
Ishtam (2001 film)	director	Sibi Malayil
The Rite (2011 film)	director	Mikael Håfström
Bhatti Vikramarka	director	Jampana Chandrasekhara Rao
Praja	director	Joshi (director)
Witness to a Lynching	director	Richard C. Bennet
Crime File (film)	director	K. Madhu
Farewell Again	director	Tim Whelan
Until Nothing Remains	director	Niki Stein
Theerthadanam	director	B. Kannan
Paris Connections	director	Harley Cokeliss
John Lurie and the Lounge Lizards Live in Berlin 1991	director	Garret Linn
Azhagaana Ponnuthan	director	Thiru
Starry Night (Modern Family)	director	Jason Winer
Breaking with Old Ideas	director	Li Wenhua
Blood Tide	director	Richard Jefferies (director)
America Ammayi	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
Bumm Bumm Bole	director	Priyadarshan
Advaitham	director	Priyadarshan
Summer Catalog	director	Ken Whittingham
Bouboulina (film)	director	Kostas Andritsos
Boy (2010 film)	director	Taika Waititi
Epiphany (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Grossman (director)
We All Deserve to Die	director	Larry Shaw (director)
The Camels are Coming (film)	director	Tim Whelan
Norwegian Ninja	director	Thomas Cappelen Malling
Ee Thanutha Veluppan Kalathu	director	Joshi (director)
Victory Through Air Power (film)	director	Perce Pearce
Victory Through Air Power (film)	director	James Algar
Victory Through Air Power (film)	director	Clyde Geronimi
Victory Through Air Power (film)	director	Jack Kinney
Victory Through Air Power (film)	director	H. C. Potter
Cheat You Fair: The Story of Maxwell Street	director	Phil Ranstrom
The Martyred Presidents	director	Edwin Stanton Porter
'It's Alive!'	director	Larry Buchanan
Queen of Sports	director	Sun Yu (director)
Revelation Zero (Part 1)	director	John Polson
National Customs	director	Luo Mingyou
National Customs	director	Zhu Shilin
Great Expectations (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Michael Grossman
HWY: An American Pastoral	director	Paul Ferrara
Valet Girls	director	Rafal Zielinski
Maid-Droid	director	Naoyuki Tomomatsu
Unknown (2011 film)	director	Jaume Collet-Serra
One Way Ticket (2008 film)	director	Bipin Prabhakar
Srivariki Premalekha	director	Jandhyala Subramanya Sastry
Parunthu	director	M. Padmakumar
Empress Wu Zetian (film)	director	Fang Peilin
Home (Glee)	director	Paris Barclay
Kangaroo (1952 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Deadtime Stories (film)	director	Jeffrey Delman
Tension at Table Rock	director	Charles Marquis Warren
The Secret Place (film)	director	Clive Donner
Heart of a Child	director	Clive Donner
Some People	director	Clive Donner
Luv (film)	director	Clive Donner
Charlie Chan and the Curse of the Dragon Queen	director	Clive Donner
The Spaniard's Curse	director	Ralph Kemplen
Torture Ship	director	Victor Hugo Halperin
The Road to Hollywood	director	Bud Pollard
The Road to Hollywood	director	Del Lord
The Road to Hollywood	director	Leslie Pearce
The Road to Hollywood	director	Mack Sennett
A Game of Death	director	Robert Wise
Criminal Court (film)	director	Robert Wise
Mystery in Mexico	director	Robert Wise
Revelation Zero (Part 2)	director	Constantine Makris
Revelation Zero (Part 2)	director	John Polson
Three Secrets	director	Robert Wise
Something for the Birds	director	Robert Wise
Creature of Destruction	director	Larry Buchanan
Curse of the Swamp Creature	director	Larry Buchanan
Broadway to Cheyenne	director	Harry L. Fraser
Teenage Wolfpack	director	Georg Tressler
Searchers 2.0	director	Alex Cox
The Rebel Set	director	Gene Fowler, Jr.
Bangali Babu	director	Anjan Choudhury
Run for Cover (film)	director	Nicholas Ray
Wizboy	director	Jim Schumann
The Blue Man (film)	director	George Mihalka
Sisters of Death (film)	director	Joseph Mazzuca
The Swap	director	Jordan Leondopoulos
Three Women (1949 film)	director	Chen Liting
Children of the Night (1985 film)	director	Robert Markowitz
Teenage Thunder	director	Paul Helmick
Funeral for an Assassin	director	Ivan Hall
Cathy's Child	director	Donald Crombie
Grand Larceny	director	Jeannot Szwarc
The Interrupted Journey	director	Daniel Birt
Romeoo	director	Rajasenan
Luz Clarita	director	Pedro Damián
Mangalam Veettil Manaseswari Gupta	director	Suresh Vinu
Mujeres engañadas	director	Sergio Jiménez
The Green Goddess (1923 film)	director	Sidney Olcott
Gulmohar (film)	director	Jayaraj
Unmade Beds	director	Alexis Dos Santos
Colorado Sundown	director	William Witney
All the Kind Strangers	director	Burt Kennedy
SM Teacher: Tied Up by Students	director	Yutaka Ikejima
People Are Funny (film)	director	Sam White (film producer)
The Beast of Borneo	director	Harry Garson
My Outlaw Brother	director	Elliott Nugent
Sitting on the Moon	director	Ralph Staub
Idols of Clay (1920 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
Peopletoys	director	Sean MacGregor
Peopletoys	director	David Sheldon
The Tonto Kid	director	Harry L. Fraser
Zebra Force	director	Joe Tornatore
Identity Unknown	director	Walter Colmes
Fancy Baggage	director	John G. Adolfi
The Witness for the Defense	director	George Fitzmaurice
Sorceress (film)	director	Jack Hill
The Incredible Invasion	director	Jack Hill
Bluebeard (2009 film)	director	Catherine Breillat
Pit Stop	director	Jack Hill
House of Evil	director	Jack Hill
The Fear Chamber	director	Jack Hill
Mondo Keyhole	director	Jack Hill
T.N.T. Jackson	director	Cirio H. Santiago
The Light of Western Stars (1940 film)	director	Lesley Selander
Back Door to Heaven	director	William K. Howard
Kill Theory	director	Chris Moore (film producer)
Manon Lescaut (1926 film)	director	Arthur Robison
The Crooked Trail	director	S. Roy Luby
All-American Co-Ed	director	LeRoy Prinz
Nutcracker: The Motion Picture	director	Carroll Ballard
Thor: Tales of Asgard	director	Sam Liu
Utah (1945 film)	director	John English (director)
Border Law	director	Louis King
The Son-of-a-Gun	director	Broncho Billy Anderson
The Thing (2011 film)	director	Matthijs van Heijningen Jr.
The Ghosts of Hanley House	director	Louise Sherrill
Rhythm in the Clouds	director	John H. Auer
One More Chance (2005 film)	director	Darrell M. Smith
Standard Operating Procedure (film)	director	Errol Morris
It's Not Cricket (1949 film)	director	Alfred Roome
It's Not Cricket (1949 film)	director	Roy Rich
Floyd (30 Rock)	director	Millicent Shelton
The Addams Family (film)	director	Barry Sonnenfeld
Sharja To Sharja	director	Venugopan
Gincho Wataridori	director	Kazuhiko Yamaguchi
Il Vento e le Rose	director	Elisa Bolognini
Gincho Nagaremono: Mesuneko Bakuchi	director	Kazuhiko Yamaguchi
Medicinal Fried Chicken	director	Trey Parker
Luanne Virgin 2.0	director	Shaun Cashman
Oru Naal Varum	director	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
Thoorpu Velle Railu	director	Bapu (artist)
Jamaica Inn (TV serial)	director	Lawrence Gordon Clark
Max and His Mother-in-Law	director	Max Linder
Max and His Mother-in-Law	director	Lucien Nonguet
Sing, Cowboy, Sing	director	Robert N. Bradbury
The Melancholy Fantastic	director	A.D. Calvo
Trocadero (1944 film)	director	William Nigh
The Phantom in the House	director	Phil Rosen
The Vanishing Riders	director	Robert F. Hill
1999 (film)	director	Lenin M. Sivam
The White Gorilla	director	Harry L. Fraser
Balika Badhu (1976 film)	director	Tarun Majumdar
The Mill on the Floss (film)	director	Tim Whelan
Die Reiter von Deutsch-Ostafrika	director	Herbert Selpin
Ich für dich, du für mich	director	Carl Froelich
Sunburst (film)	director	James Polakof
Um das Menschenrecht	director	Hans Zöberlein
Um das Menschenrecht	director	Ludwig Schmid-Wildy
Friesennot	director	Peter Hagen
Ewiger Wald	director	Hanns Springer
Ewiger Wald	director	Rolf von Sonjevski-Jamrowski
The Girls of Huntington House	director	Alf Kjellin
The Traitor (1936 German film)	director	Karl Ritter (director)
Kadaksham	director	Sasi Paravoor
Jūkyūsai no Chizu	director	Mitsuo Yanagimachi
Waiting for Armageddon	director	Kate Higgins
Sexy Partners	director	Kan Mukai
Bad Reputation (Glee)	director	Elodie Keene
Iyer the Great	director	Bhadran (director)
Birth Control Revolution	director	Masao Adachi
Neramu Siksha	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Caravans (1978 film)	director	James Fargo
Sadiyaan	director	Raj Kanwar
The Foxtrot	director	Philip Saville
A Serbian Film	director	Srdjan Spasojevic
White Slaves (film)	director	Karl Anton
Patriots (film)	director	Karl Ritter (director)
The Private's Job	director	Karl Ritter (director)
Gestern und heute	director	Hans Steinhoff
The Red Terror (film)	director	Karl Ritter (director)
The Trigger Trio	director	William Witney
Trauma (1962 film)	director	Robert M. Young (screenwriter)
Convicted (1931 film)	director	Christy Cabanne
He Who Rides a Tiger	director	Charles Crichton
Laserhawk	director	Jean Pellerin
199 lives	director	Gregg Godfrey
Sinister Hands	director	Armand Schaefer
The Dawn Express	director	Albert Herman
Sound of Horror	director	José Antonio Nieves Conde
Mat (1926 film)	director	Vsevolod Pudovkin
Kid Monk Baroni	director	Harold D. Schuster
Minesweeper (film)	director	William A. Berke
How Do You Know	director	James L. Brooks
Brazil (Law & Order)	director	Jean de Segonzac
Bangaru Papa	director	Bommireddy Narasimha Reddy
Right to Love (1920 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
On with the Dance (1920 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
Loyalty (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Jean de Segonzac
You Again	director	Andy Fickman
Le Havre (film)	director	Aki Kaurismäki
Oka Oori Katha	director	Mrinal Sen
Keelu Bommalu	director	C. S. Rao
Inseparable (film)	director	Dayyan Eng
The Spirit Box	director	Rob Schmidt
Jane Eyre (2011 film)	director	Cary Fukunaga
Air: The Musical	director	Jeremy Osbern
Degrassi Takes Manhattan	director	Stefan Brogren
The Candidate (2008 film)	director	Kasper Barfoed
Million Calorie March: The Movie	director	Gary Marino
Fist of the North Star (1995 film)	director	Tony Randel
Prema (film)	director	P. S. Ramakrishna Rao
In the Flesh (2003 film)	director	Bishakha Datta
Secretary's Day (The Office)	director	Steve Carell
Perder es cuestión de método	director	Sergio Cabrera
I Was Nineteen	director	Konrad Wolf
Jesus, Nuestro Señor	director	Miguel Zacarías
Four Girls in White	director	S. Sylvan Simon
The Butcher (2009 film)	director	Jesse Johnson (filmmaker)
Melody for Three	director	Erle C. Kenton
The Living Ghost	director	William Beaudine
Swamp Fire	director	Pine-Thomas Productions
Horn Ok Please	director	Rakesh Sarang
Quagmire's Dad	director	Pete Michels
The Splendid Source	director	Brian Iles
Gasland	director	Gasland
Appu (1990 film)	director	Dennis Joseph
BFGF (TV series)	director	Joyce E. Bernal
Best of Luck (film)	director	M.A Nishad
Wild Roses, Tender Roses	director	Emir Kusturica
Sunil Vayassu 20	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Kurukkante Kalyanam	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Aavanazhi	director	I. V. Sasi
Edi Nijam	director	Sundaram Balachander
Letter with Feather	director	Shi Hui (actor)
The House Where Evil Dwells	director	Kevin Connor (director)
The Judas Tree (Jonathan Creek)	director	David Renwick
Charros, gauchos y manolas	director	Xavier Cugat
What's Your Number?	director	Mark Mylod
Valliettan	director	Shaji Kailas
Vanni Mouse	director	Tamiliam Subas
65 Redroses	director	Philip Lyall
65 Redroses	director	Nimisha Mukerji
Meleparambil Aanveedu	director	Rajasenan
Blowback (FlashForward)	director	Constantine Makris
White Material	director	Claire Denis
Aastha: In the Prison of Spring	director	Basu Bhattacharya
The Love of the Actress Sumako	director	Kenji Mizoguchi
Second Choice	director	Howard Bretherton
Oru Abhibhashakante Case Diary	director	K. Madhu
You Have 0 Friends	director	Trey Parker
Punaradhivasam	director	V. K. Prakash
Seetamalakshmi	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
The Eleventh Hour (film)	director	George Ridgwell
Forget Me Not (2009 film)	director	Tyler Oliver
Kaavalan	director	Siddique (director)
Vamps (film)	director	Amy Heckerling
AK-51	director	Seth Mann
Totò, Peppino e la malafemmina	director	Camillo Mastrocinque
Samsaram Adhu Minsaram	director	Visu
Kash Aap Hamare Hote	director	Ravindra Peepat
Watan Ke Rakhwale	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
Revathikkoru Pavakkutty	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Sweetgrass (film)	director	Lucien Castaing-Taylor
Basahang Ginto	director	Joel Lamangan
The Genesis Code	director	C. Thomas Howell
The Genesis Code	director	Patrick Read Johnson
Jeevitha Chakram	director	C. S. Rao
The Passing of the Third Floor Back	director	Berthold Viertel
Friday the Thirteenth (1933 film)	director	Victor Saville
Let the Devil Wear Black	director	Stacy Title
Teaserama	director	Irving Klaw
The Visual Bible: Matthew	director	Regardt van den Bergh
The Descendants (film)	director	Alexander Payne
Thicker	director	Terry Nemeroff
This Thing Called Love	director	Paul L. Stein
Things Happen at Night	director	Francis Searle
He Snoops to Conquer	director	Marcel Varnel
A Kin to Win	director	Ralph Mellanby
Palnati Yudham	director	Gudavalli Ramabrahmam
Palnati Yudham	director	L. V. Prasad
The French Atlantic Affair	director	Douglas Heyes
Bawandar	director	Jag Mundhra
Scooby-Doo! Curse of the Lake Monster	director	Brian Levant
Detective School	director	Bernie Kukoff
Detective School	director	Walter C. Miller
Lucky Night	director	Norman Taurog
Facejacker	director	Ed Tracy
Facejacker	director	Kayvan Novak
The Sun Sets at Dawn	director	Paul Sloane
The Conqueror (film)	director	Dick Powell
Eight: The Power of Shani	director	Karan Razdan
La senda oscura	director	Luis Moglia Barth
Isabella (1988 film)	director	Mohan (director)
Aayirathil Oruvan (2009 film)	director	Sibi Malayil
At Ease (TV series)	director	Hy Averback
Ivide Thudangunnu	director	Sasikumar
Wagon Train (1940 film)	director	Edward Killy
The Renegade Ranger	director	David Howard (director)
The Fargo Kid	director	Edward Killy
Savage Harvest (1994 film)	director	Eric Stanze
Imaginary Larry	director	Riki Lindhome
Nightmare Beach	director	Umberto Lenzi
Dhwani	director	A. T. Abu
Restless (2011 film)	director	Gus Van Sant
Pokémon Black and White	director	Junichi Masuda
Çok Filim Hareketler Bunlar	director	Ozan Açıktan
Amanush (2010 film)	director	Rajib Biswas
LOL (Laughing Out Loud)	director	Lisa Azuelos
Daasi	director	B. Narsing Rao
Evolusi KL Drift 2	director	Syamsul Yusof
One Love (short film)	director	D.J. Matrundola
Shaapit	director	Mukesh Bhatt
Outcast (1922 film)	director	Chester Withey
Estranged (film)	director	D.J. Matrundola
Fascination (1922 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Footlights (1921 film)	director	John S. Robertson
All My Life (film)	director	Maher Sabry
Better Angels (FlashForward)	director	Constantine Makris
Jazzmania (1923 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
The Lady Is Willing	director	Gilbert Miller
200 (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
The Echo Murders	director	John Harlow (director)
City Limits (1934 film)	director	William Nigh
Hari Villu	director	B. Narsing Rao
Brief Ecstasy	director	Edmond T. Gréville
Scarlet Prostitute: Stabbing	director	Genji Nakamura
Samayou Yaiba	director	Shouichi Mashiko
At Sword's Point	director	Lewis Allen (director)
La môme vert-de-gris (film)	director	Bernard Borderie
Bhagya Rekha	director	Bommireddy Narasimha Reddy
SpongeBob's Last Stand	director	Aaron Springer
SpongeBob's Last Stand	director	Andrew Overtoom
SpongeBob's Last Stand	director	Tom Yasumi
SpongeBob's Last Stand	director	Vincent Waller
Descendant (2003 film)	director	Kermit Christman
Descendant (2003 film)	director	Del Tenney
Cause and Effect (Numb3rs)	director	Nicolas Falacci
Wild Things (TV series)	director	Jeremy Stanford
The Whoopee Boys	director	John Byrum
Thank You (2011 film)	director	Anees Bazmee
Red State (2011 film)	director	Kevin Smith
The Glass House (documentary)	director	Hamid Rahmanian
Exception to the Rule	director	David Winning
Body Language (The Office)	director	Mindy Kaling
Raja Aur Runk	director	Kotayya Pratyagatma
Akale	director	Shyamaprasad
Paramanandayya Shishyula Katha	director	C. Pullaiah
Wild on the Beach	director	Maury Dexter
The Painted Angel	director	Millard Webb
The Ordinary Radicals	director	Jamie Moffett
A Canção da Saudade	director	Henrique Campos
Counterfeit (1919 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
Hippie Masala	director	Ulrich Grossenbacher
Hippie Masala	director	Damaris Lüthi
Hell's Highway (1932 film)	director	Rowland Brown
The American (2010 film)	director	Anton Corbijn
A Society Exile (1919 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
Francis in the Haunted House	director	Charles Lamont
Horrible Histories (2009 TV series)	director	Dominic Brigstocke
When the Heart Calls	director	Al Christie
Microwave Massacre	director	Wayne Berwick
Andala Ramudu (1973 film)	director	Bapu (artist)
The Horizontal Lieutenant	director	Richard Thorpe
Family (1994 TV series)	director	Michael Winterbottom
I Was a Shoplifter	director	Charles Lamont
Il Bacio di Tosca	director	Daniel Schmid
Tomka and His Friends	director	Xhanfize Keko
The Avalanche (1919 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
They Came to Blow Up America	director	Edward Ludwig
Aurora (2010 film)	director	Cristi Puiu
Street of Dreams (film)	director	William A. Graham (director)
Under the Greenwood Tree (1918 film)	director	Emile Chautard
Reaching for the Moon (film)	director	Edmund Goulding
The King on Main Street (1925 film)	director	Monta Bell
Captain Salvation (1927 film)	director	John S. Robertson
Children of the Corn (1984 film)	director	Fritz Kiersch
Daimajin Kanon	director	Taro Sakamoto
Daimajin Kanon	director	Nobuhiro Suzumura
Daimajin Kanon	director	Atsushi Shimizu
Daimajin Kanon	director	Takashi Miike
Dream On (Glee)	director	Joss Whedon
Skyline (film)	director	Brothers Strause
Girl Mistress	director	Banmei Takahashi
Kindergarten (film)	director	Jorge Polaco
Samsaram (film)	director	L. V. Prasad
You to Me Are Everything (film)	director	Mark A. Reyes
The Clink of Ice	director	Bertrand Blier
God Forgives... I Don't!	director	Giuseppe Colizzi
21 and a Wake-Up	director	Chris McIntyre
Tiny Furniture	director	Lena Dunham
Gangmaster (film)	director	B. Gopal
Palnati Pourusham	director	Muthyala Subbaiah
C.L.A.S.S	director	Michael Phillip Edwards
White Knight (2011 film)	director	Jesse Baget
Danielson: A Family Movie	director	JL Aronson
The Christian (1923 film)	director	Maurice Tourneur
Old Bones	director	Gwyneth Horder-Payton
The Cover-Up	director	Rainn Wilson
Hello Goodbye (Ugly Betty)	director	Victor Nelli, Jr.
Poetry (film)	director	Lee Chang-dong
Ramu (film)	director	A. C. Trilogchander
The Ballad of Booth (Desperate Housewives)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
On Tour (2010 film)	director	Mathieu Amalric
Fuzz Bucket	director	Mick Garris
Of Gods and Men (film)	director	Xavier Beauvois
Outside the Law (2010 film)	director	Rachid Bouchareb
En el nombre del hijo (film)	director	Jorge Polaco
Certified Copy (film)	director	Abbas Kiarostami
Outrage (2010 film)	director	Takeshi Kitano
Moomins and the Comet Chase	director	Let's Dance 2011
Crosstalk (film)	director	Mark Egerton
Lesbian Harem	director	Tomoaki Hosoyama
Melancholia (2011 film)	director	Lars von Trier
Three Wise Girls	director	William Beaudine
Man Wanted	director	William Dieterle
Upper World (film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
Ummadi Kutumbam	director	Dasari Yoganand
Widow's Perverted Hell	director	Hisayasu Satō
Somewhere in France	director	Charles Giblyn
Sentimental Tommy (1921 film)	director	John S. Robertson
Ilavelpu	director	Dasari Yoganand
Fort Apache Napoli	director	Marco Risi
Satan's Slave	director	Norman J. Warren
La nostra vita	director	Daniele Luchetti
Burnt by the Sun 2	director	Nikita Mikhalkov
The Princess of Montpensier	director	Bertrand Tavernier
Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives	director	Apichatpong Weerasethakul
Pál Adrienn	director	Ágnes Kocsis
Crazy Old Woman	director	Zhou “Joe” Fang
Broadway Rose (1922 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Where the Pavement Ends (1923 film)	director	Rex Ingram (director)
The Rift (film)	director	Juan Piquer Simón
Sinners In Heaven (1924 film)	director	Alan Crosland
Drift (film series)	director	Futoshi Jinno
Drift (film series)	director	Kichitaro Negishi
Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure	director	Michael Lembeck
Chatroom (film)	director	Hideo Nakata
The City Below	director	Christoph Hochhäusler
A Strange Transgressor	director	Reginald Barker
Jayasimha (film)	director	Dasari Yoganand
Mobs, Inc.	director	William Asher
The Shadow on the Window	director	William Asher
Johnny Cool	director	William Asher
Trial by Combat (film)	director	Kevin Connor (director)
Domestic Import	director	Kevin Connor (director)
Mother Teresa: In the Name of God's Poor	director	Kevin Connor (director)
Young Andersen	director	Rumle Hammerich
Oceans (2009 film)	director	Jacques Perrin
Todd and the Book of Pure Evil	director	David Winning
Todd and the Book of Pure Evil	director	James Genn
Love (1920 film)	director	Wesley Ruggles
Color of the Cross 2: The Resurrection	director	Jean-Claude La Marre
The Prince (film)	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
Sweet Temptation (film)	director	Ron Lagomarsino
Comedy Bar (Philippine television series)	director	Dominic Zapata
Simha (film)	director	Boyapati Seenu
Tuesday, After Christmas	director	Radu Muntean
Captain America: The First Avenger	director	Joe Johnston
Lifted (upcoming film)	director	Lexi Alexander
Abnormal Excitement: Nao Saejima	director	Masahiro Kasai
Lost Hearts	director	Lawrence Gordon Clark
La Marseillaise (film)	director	Jean Renoir
Storm Tracker (film)	director	Andrew Hofman
Jag är din krigare	director	Stefan Jarl
When a Man Loves (1927 film)	director	Alan Crosland
When the Daltons Rode	director	George Marshall (director)
Romance (1920 film)	director	Chester Withey
Experience (1921 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
The Unholy Garden (1931 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
201 (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Padayani (film)	director	T. S. Mohan
Benched (Modern Family)	director	Chris Koch
The Golden Eye	director	William Beaudine
T. D. Dasan Std. VI B	director	Mohan Raghavan
A View from a Hill	director	Luke Watson
Italia's Got Talent	director	Roberto Cenci
Heartless (2009 film)	director	Philip Ridley
Home Wreckers	director	Pamela Fryman
Countdown to Zero	director	Lucy Walker (director)
A Man Called Dagger	director	Richard Rush (director)
The Pull	director	Guy Ferland
Unchained Memories	director	Thomas Lennon (filmmaker)
Preminchi Choodu	director	P. Pullaiah
Twin Beds (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
On the Banks of the Wabash (1923 film)	director	J. Stuart Blackton
Robots Versus Wrestlers	director	Rob Greenberg
The Isle of Lost Ships (1923 film)	director	Maurice Tourneur
The Grand Duchess and the Waiter (1926 film)	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
Siempre es difícil volver a casa	director	Jorge Polaco
Three Weeks in Paris	director	Roy Del Ruth
The Christmas Raccoons	director	Kevin Gillis
Funk (Glee)	director	Elodie Keene
Never Love a Stranger	director	Robert Stevens (director)
News@12	director	Catherina Fournier
The Shuttered Room	director	David Greene (director)
His Jazz Bride	director	Herman C. Raymaker
Chuck Versus the Fat Lady	director	Jeffrey Hunt
Navarathri (1966 film)	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
Railways (film)	director	Yoshinari Nishikori
I giorni dell'abbandono	director	Roberto Faenza
Suno Sasurjee	director	U. Vimal Kumar
Last Play at Shea	director	Paul Crowder (filmmaker)
Kudumbam Oru Kadambam	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Dirty Pair: Project Eden	director	Kōichi Mashimo
Goyokin	director	Hideo Gosha
Super (2010 American film)	director	James Gunn (filmmaker)
Four Friends (2010 film)	director	Saji Surendran
Dhoop	director	Ashwini Chaudhary
Vindhyarani	director	C. Pullaiah
Rahul (film)	director	Prakash Jha
Mr. Monk and the TV Star	director	Randall Zisk
Boogie (2008 film)	director	Radu Muntean
Midnight in Paris	director	Woody Allen
The Paper Will Be Blue	director	Radu Muntean
Eyes in the Dark	director	Bjorn Anderson
The Life Before This	director	Jerry Ciccoritti
Horloge Biologique (film)	director	Ricardo Trogi
Hope Ranch (TV film)	director	Rex Piano
Down on Us	director	Larry Buchanan
Khonani	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Mao's Last Dancer (film)	director	Bruce Beresford
Honeymoon (1947 film)	director	William Keighley
The Chump	director	Randall Einhorn
Dunno Y... Na Jaane Kyon	director	Sanjay Sharma
Have You Heard From Johannesburg?	director	Connie Field
Fig Trees	director	John Greyson
Adventure in Baltimore (1949 film)	director	Richard Wallace (director)
The Candidate (Lost)	director	Jack Bender
Miss 420	director	Akashdeep
Zebraman: Vengeful Zebra City	director	Takashi Miike
The Desert Hawk (1950 film)	director	Frederick de Cordova
Knights of the Teutonic Order (film)	director	Aleksander Ford
Dum Maaro Dum (film)	director	Rohan Sippy
He – The Only One	director	Raj N. Sippy
Killer Flood	director	Doug Campbell
Neela Sari	director	M. Krishnan Nair
Inconscientes	director	Joaquín Oristrell
Bring 'Em Back Alive (1932 film)	director	Clyde E. Elliott
Germany in Autumn	director	Alf Brustellin
Germany in Autumn	director	Hans Peter Cloos
Germany in Autumn	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Germany in Autumn	director	Alexander Kluge
Germany in Autumn	director	Beate Mainka-Jellinghaus
Germany in Autumn	director	Maximiliane Mainka
Germany in Autumn	director	Edgar Reitz
Germany in Autumn	director	Katja Rupé
Germany in Autumn	director	Volker Schlöndorff
Germany in Autumn	director	Peter Schubert
Germany in Autumn	director	Bernhard Sinkel
Whistleblower (The Office)	director	Paul Lieberstein
Our Earthmen Friends	director	Bernard Werber
Trapped: Haitian Nights	director	Jean-Claude La Marre
Lee Marvin vs. Derek Jeter	director	Don Scardino
Wild Cargo (1934 film)	director	Armand Denis
Life as We Know It (film)	director	Greg Berlanti
Affinity (film)	director	Tim Fywell
Crippled Summer	director	Trey Parker
Udaan (2010 film)	director	Vikramaditya Motwane
Kanna Talli	director	Kovelamudi Surya Prakash Rao
Ultimate Spider-Man (TV series)	director	Alex Soto
Deadly Impact	director	Robert Kurtzman
Born Free (M.I.A. song)  Born Free   1	director	Romain Gavras
I Guess This is Goodbye	director	David Grossman (director)
A Little Night Music (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Warren (director)
Fang and Claw (1935 film)	director	Frank Buck (animal collector)
Swordsmen in Double Flag Town	director	He Ping
Working Girls (2010 film)	director	José Javier Reyes
Monogamy (film)	director	Dana Adam Shapiro
Love Ranch	director	Taylor Hackford
When Eagles Strike	director	Cirio H. Santiago
Butter (2011 film)	director	Jim Field Smith
The Gang Finds a Dead Guy	director	Dan Attias
Charlie Got Molested	director	John Fortenberry
Brundavanam	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
Palunku	director	Blessy
Bratuku Theruvu	director	P. S. Ramakrishna Rao
Pothan Vava	director	Joshi (director)
Opium War (2008 film)	director	Siddiq Barmak
8: The Mormon Proposition	director	Reed Cowan
8: The Mormon Proposition	director	Steven Greenstreet
The Optimists (2006 film)	director	Goran Paskaljević
Mino (TV miniseries)	director	Gianfranco Albano
Saddle the Wind	director	Robert Parrish
River Lady (film)	director	George Sherman
Charlie Gets Crippled	director	Rob McElhenney
The Gang Goes Jihad	director	Dan Attias
Dennis and Dee Go on Welfare	director	Dan Attias
Hundred Dollar Baby	director	Dan Attias
The Gang Gives Back	director	Dan Attias
The Gang Exploits a Miracle	director	Dan Attias
The Gang Runs for Office	director	Dan Attias
Charlie Goes America All Over Everybody's Ass	director	Dan Attias
Course Correction	director	Leslie Libman
The Negotiation (FlashForward)	director	Leslie Libman
GravyTrain	director	April Mullen
Soggadu (1975 film)	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
Bhargavacharitham Moonam Khandam	director	Jomon (director)
Any Number Can Play	director	Mervyn LeRoy
God is American	director	Richard Martin Jordan
Pranayamanithooval	director	Thulasidas
A Screaming Man	director	Mahamat Saleh Haroun
The Last Days of Pompeii (1950 film)	director	Marcel L'Herbier
The Last Days of Pompeii (1950 film)	director	Paolo Moffa
Las herederas	director	Yashira Jordán
Las herederas	director	Nadia Lozano
The Kennedys (TV miniseries)	director	Jon Cassar
Travels with Scout	director	Seth Gordon
Airport 2010	director	Jason Winer
Hawaii (Modern Family)	director	Steven Levitan
Family Portrait (Modern Family)	director	Jason Winer
Superman (1997 film)	director	Rafi Mecartin
Beedala Patlu	director	K. Ramnoth
Gloomy Salad Days	director	Zero Chou
Black (2004 film)	director	Ranjith (director)
Vajram	director	Pramod Pappan
Thanthram	director	Joshi
Aayiram Naavulla Ananthan	director	Thulasidas
Freedom's Fury	director	Colin K. Gray
Freedom's Fury	director	Megan Raney
Equality (film)	director	Al Sutton
Daddy Longlegs (2009 film)	director	Safdie Brothers
Daddy Longlegs (2009 film)	director	Safdie Brothers
A Chapter in Her Life	director	Lois Weber
Kaiyethum Doorath	director	Fazil
Dubai (2001 film)	director	Joshi (director)
Badi Panthulu	director	P. Chandrasekhara Reddy
Megham	director	Priyadarshan
Nice People	director	William C. deMille
The Devil's Pass Key	director	Erich von Stroheim
Tadashii Ouji no Tsukuri Kata	director	Kitagawa Keiichi
Tadashii Ouji no Tsukuri Kata	director	Yamashita Mikiko
Tadashii Ouji no Tsukuri Kata	director	Higure Hidenori
The Coast of Folly	director	Allan Dwan
Devudu Chesina Manushulu	director	V. Ramachandra Rao
Madame Sans-Gene (1925 film)	director	Léonce Perret
Thamassu	director	Agni Shridhar
Du Barry Did All Right	director	Joseph Henabary
Eighteen (film)	director	Richard Bell (director)
A Foundling	director	Carly Lyn
The Long Road Home (film)	director	Craig Clyde
Daayraa	director	Amol Palekar
Professor Pyarelal	director	Brij Sadanah
Sri Krishnarjuna Yudham	director	Kadri Venkata Reddy
Harlow (Magna film)	director	Alex Segal
Annabel Takes a Tour	director	Lew Landers
Hell Followed	director	Bill Gierhart
Theatricality	director	Ryan Murphy (writer)
Time Is My Enemy	director	Don Chaffey
Skid Kids (film)	director	Don Chaffey
The Secret Tent	director	Don Chaffey
The Flesh Is Weak	director	Don Chaffey
A Question of Adultery	director	Don Chaffey
The Man Upstairs (film)	director	Don Chaffey
Lies My Father Told Me (1960 film)	director	Don Chaffey
A Jolly Bad Fellow	director	Don Chaffey
Le traquenard	director	Paul Garbagni
The Crooked Road	director	Don Chaffey
Aakasmika	director	T. S. Nagabharana
Casino Jack	director	George Hickenlooper
Jungle Cavalcade (1941 film)	director	Armand Denis
Jungle Cavalcade (1941 film)	director	Clyde E. Elliott
Jungle Cavalcade (1941 film)	director	Frank Buck (animal collector)
Liliom (1934 film)	director	Fritz Lang
Doll's House (TV series)	director	Afsana Mimi
Doll's House (TV series)	director	Bodrul Alam Soud
Naayaka	director	P C Sekar
94 Meetings	director	Tristram Shapeero
Breathe (film)	director	Nicholas Winter
Iron Chef UK	director	Jonathan Bullen
Blitz (film)	director	Elliott Lester
Dog in Boots	director	Yefim Gamburg
Shrek Forever After	director	Mike Mitchell (director)
Love for Life	director	Gu Changwei
Dreams of Glass	director	Robert Clouse
The Amsterdam Kill	director	Robert Clouse
The London Connection	director	Robert Clouse
China O'Brien II	director	Robert Clouse
Force: Five	director	Robert Clouse
The Next Corner (1924 film)	director	Sam Wood
The Lost Golem	director	Shuichi Ishikawa
Fantasmagorie (1908 film)	director	Émile Cohl
Fanny Hill (1964 film)	director	Russ Meyer
Fanny Hill (1964 film)	director	Albert Zugsmith
Allos gia to ekatommyrio	director	Orestis Laskos
The Wind Cannot Read	director	Ralph Thomas
The House on 56th Street	director	Robert Florey
Seven Ways from Sundown	director	Harry Keller
Chain Letter (film)	director	Deon Taylor
Yes Your Honour	director	V. M. Vinu
The Mechanic (2011 film)	director	Simon West
Two Girls on Broadway	director	S. Sylvan Simon
The Fog (1923 film)	director	Paul Powell (director)
Rag Tag (film)	director	Adaora Nwandu
White Lines and the Fever: The Death of DJ Junebug	director	Travis Gutiérrez Senger
Father Goes West	director	Charles Haid
Tratame bien	director	Daniel Barone
Praktores 005 enantion Hrysopodarou	director	Orestis Laskos
Mausam (2011 film)	director	Pankaj Kapoor
Chakram (2003 film)	director	A. K. Lohithadas
Trent's Last Case (1952 film)	director	Herbert Wilcox
Cynara (film)	director	King Vidor
American Nightmare (film)	director	Don McBrearty
Wesley (film)	director	John Jackman
Lady with a Past	director	Edward H. Griffith
Machine Gun Preacher	director	Marc Forster
Panthulamma	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
Aaj Ka M.L.A. Ram Avtar	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
Centre for Studies on Federalism	director	Umberto Morelli
Crashers (Law & Order)	director	Darnell Martin
One Hundred (Aqua Teen Hunger Force)	director	Dave Willis
One Hundred (Aqua Teen Hunger Force)	director	Matt Maiellaro
Prime Mover (film)	director	David Caesar
Chico Xavier (film)	director	Daniel Filho
Hansel and Gretel: Witch Hunters	director	Tommy Wirkola
The Strange Affair	director	David Greene (director)
Man-Proof	director	Richard Thorpe
When Tomorrow Comes (film)	director	John M. Stahl
Rockabye (1986 film)	director	Richard Michaels
Tender Fictions	director	Barbara Hammer
Bachelor Apartment (film)	director	Lowell Sherman
Dirty Hands: The Art and Crimes of David Choe	director	Harry Kim
The Girl Said No (1930 film)	director	Sam Wood
Portrait of the Fighter as a Young Man	director	Constantin Popescu Jr.
Mazhavillu	director	Dinesh Baboo
The Crimson City	director	Archie Mayo
Valentino (1951 film)	director	Lewis Allen (director)
The Familiar	director	Kody Zimmermann
Macbeth (1978 film)	director	Philip Casson
Lovespell	director	Tom Donovan
Murder in Trinidad	director	Louis King
The Tenderness of Wolves (film)	director	Ulli Lommel
Ten Cents a Dance (1931 film)	director	Lionel Barrymore
Anonymous (film)	director	Roland Emmerich
Rasikan	director	Lal Jose
Love Lies Bleeding (film)	director	Keith Samples
The Three Musketeers (1935 film)	director	Rowland V. Lee
Lloyd 2: Growing Up	director	Hector Baron
Sumuru (2003)	director	Darrell Roodt
Diary of a Cannibal (film)	director	Ulli Lommel
The Black Camel (film)	director	Hamilton MacFadden
Argus (30 Rock)	director	Jeff Richmond
The Moms	director	John Riggi
Charlie Chan's Courage	director	Eugene Forde
Maneater of Hydra	director	Mel Welles
Five Fingers (2005 film)	director	Sanjeev Raj
Kind Lady (1935 film)	director	George B. Seitz
Monte Carlo (2011 film)	director	Thomas Bezucha
Manivathoorile Aayiram Sivarathrikal	director	Fazil
Interny	director	Maksim Pezhemsky
Interny	director	Zaur Bolotayev
Beastmaster III: The Eye of Braxus	director	Gabrielle Beaumont
Behind the Make-Up	director	Dorothy Arzner
Zodiac Killer (2005)	director	Ulli Lommel
Rise of the Planet of the Apes	director	Rupert Wyatt
Elektra (2011 film)	director	Shyamaprasad
The Riverside Murder	director	Albert Parker
Missing Link (Space: 1999)	director	Ray Austin
Matter of Life and Death (Space: 1999)	director	Charles Crichton
Downstairs (film)	director	Monta Bell
Baggage (House)	director	David Straiton
Secret of the Blue Room	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
The People I've Slept With	director	Quentin Lee
Uncertain Glory	director	Raoul Walsh
Murder by the Clock	director	Edward Sloman
Live at the Isle of Wight Festival 1970 (film)	director	Murray Lerner
Manhunt in Space	director	Hollingsworth Morse
Kutti Pisasu	director	Rama Narayanan
The Wedding Bride	director	Pamela Fryman
The Shift (film)	director	David Trumble
Burning Rubber (1981 film)	director	Norman Cohen
Man at the Top (film)	director	Mike Vardy
Lasermannen (TV series)	director	Mikael Marcimain
The Midnight Taxi	director	John G. Adolfi
O katergaris	director	Giannis Dalianidis
Sainyam	director	Joshi (director)
Kadha Thudarunnu	director	Sathyan Anthikad
The King (1995 film)	director	Shaji Kailas
Trust Me (2010 film)	director	Johan Kling
Saptaswaralu	director	Vedantam Raghavaiah
Pancho Barnes (1988 film)	director	Richard T. Heffron
The Escape Artist	director	Caleb Deschanel
Prithvi (2010 film)	director	Jacob Varghese
AK-47 (film)	director	Om Prakash Rao
Marian, Again	director	David Drury (film director)
Route Irish (film)	director	Ken Loach
Future Shock (FlashForward)	director	John Polson
John Jaffer Janardhanan	director	I. V. Sasi
Home (2008 film)	director	Ursula Meier
Hanımın Çiftliği (TV series)	director	Faruk Teber
Running on the Sun: The Badwater 135	director	Mel Stuart
Dulhan Banoo Main Teri	director	B. Subhash
Carbon Nation	director	Peter Byck
The Tenth Circle (film)	director	Peter Markle
Ottakkayyan	director	G. R. Indugopan
Varnapakittu	director	I. V. Sasi
The Innkeepers (film)	director	Ti West
Faces in the Crowd (film)	director	Julien Magnat
Tender Son – The Frankenstein Project	director	Kornél Mundruczó
Chiranjeevulu	director	Vedantam Raghavaiah
Tōki Rakujitsu	director	Seijirō Kōyama
Au Revoir Taipei	director	Arvin Chen
Mel Karade Rabba	director	Navaniat Singh
Le Prussien	director	Jean L'Hôte
Faustine et le Bel Été	director	Nina Companéez
The Hyperboloid of Engineer Garin (film)	director	Aleksandr Gintsburg
The Horror at 37,000 Feet	director	David Lowell Rich
Mission: Impossible vs. the Mob	director	Paul Stanley
Help Me (House)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Iodine (film)	director	Michael Stasko
The Third Jihad	director	Erik Werth
I Will Fight No More Forever	director	Richard T. Heffron
Doppelgangers (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
The Young Girl and the Monsoon	director	James Ryan (actor)
Soorya Manasam	director	Viji Thampi
My Father and I	director	Xu Jinglei
Emperor Tomato Ketchup (film)	director	Shūji Terayama
Figaro-ci, Figaro-là	director	Hervé Bromberger
Chongqing Blues	director	Wang Xiaoshuai
Mongo's Back in Town	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
All I Desire	director	Douglas Sirk
The Man from Down Under	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Nothing But The Night	director	Peter Sasdy
The Man Outside (1967 film)	director	Samuel Gallu
Under 18	director	Archie Mayo
Texas (film)	director	George Marshall
My Joy	director	Sergei Loznitsa
Emanuelle Goes to Dinosaur Land	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
You Can't Hurry Love (film)	director	Richard Martini
Why Be Good?	director	William A. Seiter
Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2	director	Alex Zamm
The House of 1,000 Dolls	director	Jeremy Summers
Santee (film)	director	Gary Nelson (director)
Singoalla (film)	director	Christian-Jaque
Padheyam	director	Bharathan
Cowboys Cry for It	director	Clyde Bruckman
Fugitive Lovers	director	Richard Boleslavsky
The Redhead and the Cowboy	director	Leslie Fenton
A Time for Killing	director	Phil Karlson
Padduram	director	Ajay Monga
A Long Return	director	Pedro Lazaga
Akasa Kusum (Flowers of the Sky)	director	Prasanna Vithanage
Histoire vraie	director	Claude Santelli
Le Maître de pension	director	Marcel Moussy
Le Drakkar	director	Jacques Pierre
Vogue la galère	director	Raymond Rouleau
Madame Baptiste	director	Claude Santelli
Successive Slidings of Pleasure	director	Alain Robbe-Grillet
The Case Against Brooklyn	director	Paul Wendkos
Tarawa Beachhead	director	Paul Wendkos
Face of a Fugitive	director	Paul Wendkos
Battle of the Coral Sea (film)	director	Paul Wendkos
Johnny Tiger	director	Paul Wendkos
Hell Boats	director	Paul Wendkos
Special Delivery (1976 film)	director	Paul Wendkos
Midnight (1998 film)	director	Walter Salles
The Desperadoes	director	Charles Vidor
The Debarted (Gossip Girl)	director	Jason Ensler
Kushti (film)	director	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
Vendetta (1995 film)	director	Mikael Håfström
Days Like This (film)	director	Mikael Håfström
Boats that Built Britain	director	Lawrence Walford
A Shine of Rainbows (film)	director	Vic Sarin
The Master Plan (Parks and Recreation)	director	Dean Holland
Kidz in da Hood	director	Catti Edfeldt
Kidz in da Hood	director	Ylva Gustavsson
Zandy's Bride	director	Jan Troell
Fort Yuma (film)	director	Lesley Selander
High Noon, Part II: The Return of Will Kane	director	Jerry Jameson
Woman of Desire	director	Robert Ginty
Tomahawk Trail	director	Lesley Selander
Plaies et bosses	director	Yves-André Hubert
L'Ampélopède	director	Rachel Weinberg
Serious as Pleasure	director	Robert Benayoun
The Common Man (film)	director	Yves Boisset
Ilaignan	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
I Love a Mystery (film)	director	Henry Levin
Limitless	director	Neil Burger
The Coronation of Edward VII	director	Georges Méliès
The Coronation of Edward VII	director	Charles Urban
Freddy Spaghetti	director	Jason Woliner
The Big Delirium	director	Dennis Berry (director)
I Am Pierre Riviere	director	Christine Lipinska
Little Marcel	director	Jacques Fansten
Voiture du potier	director	Georges Méliès
Spoiled Children (film)	director	Bertrand Tavernier
Les Indiens sont encore loin	director	Patricia Moraz
No Trifling with Love	director	Caroline Huppert
The Good Guys and the Bad Guys	director	Burt Kennedy
The Killer Inside Me (1976 film)	director	Burt Kennedy
Woman on the Night Train	director	Noboru Tanaka
Wolf Lake (film)	director	Burt Kennedy
The Trouble with Spies	director	Burt Kennedy
Big Bad John (film)	director	Burt Kennedy
TiMER	director	Jac Schaeffer
Life Is Cheap... But Toilet Paper Is Expensive	director	Wayne Wang
The Princess of Nebraska	director	Wayne Wang
The Captive: The Longest Drive 2	director	Lee H. Katzin
World Gone Wild	director	Lee H. Katzin
The Break	director	Lee H. Katzin
Restraining Order (film)	director	Lee H. Katzin
Beauty's Exotic Dance: Torture!	director	Noboru Tanaka
The Big Caper	director	Robert Stevens (director)
The Trotsky	director	Jacob Tierney
The Campus Vamp	director	Harry Edwards (director)
The Strange Affair of Uncle Harry	director	Robert Siodmak
Journey to Regionals	director	Brad Falchuk
Buffalo Bill in Tomahawk Territory	director	Bernard B. Ray
Yuma (film)	director	Ted Post
Dirt! The Movie	director	Bill Benenson
Dirt! The Movie	director	Gene Rosow
Pardon My Terror	director	Edward Bernds
Go West, Young Lady	director	Frank R. Strayer
7aam Arivu	director	A. R. Murugadoss
Kula Gothralu	director	Kotayya Pratyagatma
Julia's Eyes	director	Guillem Morales
Jerks of All Trades	director	George Cahan
Ira Madiyama (August Sun)	director	Prasanna Vithanage
Myrt and Marge (film)	director	Al Boasberg
Three Stooges Fun-O-Rama	director	Jules White
Beyond a Reasonable Doubt (2009 film)	director	Peter Hyams
Nosferatu: The First Vampire	director	Wayne Keeley
Looper (film)	director	Rian Johnson
Mike & Molly	director	James Burrows
Behind Enemy Lines (1986 film)	director	Gideon Amir
Armadillo (film)	director	Janus Metz
Gen¹³ (film)	director	Kevin Altieri
SF X Fantasy Rayforce	director	Jun Jae-hoon
George Harrison: Living in the Material World	director	Martin Scorsese
Hi, Society	director	Patrick Norris
Much 'I Do' About Nothing	director	Norman Buckley
Never Been Marcused	director	Michael Fields
The Ex Files	director	Jim McKay (director)
Summer, Kind of Wonderful	director	J. Miller Tobin
The Serena Also Rises	director	Patrick Norris
Never been Marcused	director	Michael Fields
Reversals of Fortune	director	J. Miller Tobin
The Lost Boy (Gossip Girl)	director	Jean de Segonzac
The Last Days of Disco Stick	director	Tony Wharmby
The Hurt Locket	director	Tony Wharmby
In the Line of Duty: The F.B.I. Murders	director	Dick Lowry
Draquila – L'Italia che trema	director	Sabina Guzzanti
Race for the Yankee Zephyr	director	David Hemmings
Answers to Nothing (film)	director	Matthew Leutwyler
Trouble on the Corner	director	Alan Madison
Ciguli Miguli	director	Branko Marjanović
This Earth Is Mine	director	Henry King
Stara škola kapitalizma	director	Želimir Žilnik
Chuck Versus the Tooth	director	Daisy von Scherler Mayer
Lone Star (TV series)	director	Marc Webb
Ishaan	director	Iqbal Rizvi
Chuck Versus the Living Dead	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
Oil for the Lamps of China (film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
The Lone Ranger and the Lost City of Gold	director	Lesley Selander
Titanic II	director	Shane Van Dyke
Bharya Bharthalu	director	Kotayya Pratyagatma
Tahmina (film)	director	Rasim Ojagov
Good Neighbor	director	Todd Turner
Reporter (film)	director	Eric Daniel Metzgar
Story from Croatia	director	Krsto Papić
Twelfth Night (1988 film)	director	Paul Kafno
Twelfth Night (1988 film)	director	Kenneth Branagh
Countess Dora	director	Zvonimir Berković
Live – The Early Years	director	Michael Mansfield (disambiguation)
Anton Chekhov's The Duel	director	Dover Kosashvili
Star Maps (film)	director	Miguel Arteta
The Feathered Serpent (film)	director	William Beaudine
New Low	director	Adam Bowers
Hariharan Pillai Happy Aanu	director	Viswanathan Vaduthala
Ithu Njangalude Katha	director	P. G. Viswambharan
Kooky	director	Jan Svěrák
Basta't Kasama Kita (film)	director	Rory Quintos
Alexis Texas is Buttwoman	director	William H.
Vagdanam	director	Aathreya
The Rocks of Valpre (1935 film)	director	Henry Edwards (actor)
Wells Fargo (film)	director	Frank Lloyd
Sin by Silence	director	Olivia Klaus
Cash on Demand	director	Quentin Lawrence
The Uncanny (film)	director	Denis Héroux
The Glembays	director	Antun Vrdoljak
River of Mystery (film)	director	Paul Stanley
Curse of the Black Widow	director	Dan Curtis
The Three Men of Melita Žganjer	director	Snježana Tribuson
Nevada Smith Tv	director	Gordon Douglas
Mara of the Wilderness	director	Frank McDonald
Kesetiaan Cinta	director	H.Encep Masduki
The Last Romance (TV series)	director	Mark A. Reyes
Kalyanaraman (2002 film)	director	Shafi (director)
Friends with Benefits (TV series)	director	David Dobkin (director)
Manchi Kutumbam	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
Undisputed III: Redemption	director	Isaac Florentine
The Fallen (film)	director	Ari Taub
I Do Do	director	Don Scardino
The Pondles	director	Terry Ward
Imitation of Christ (film)	director	Andy Warhol
The Human Centipede II (Full Sequence)	director	Tom Six
Confessions of a Cheat	director	Sacha Guitry
Aksharathettu	director	I. V. Sasi
Prometheus of the Island	director	Vatroslav Mimica
The Fall of Italy	director	Lordan Zafranović
The Master and Margaret	director	Aleksandar Petrović (film director)
Body Scent	director	Živojin Pavlović
Kathodu Kathoram	director	Bharathan
Safari (1955 film)	director	Terence Young (director)
Parivartana	director	Tatineni Prakash Rao
Shikkar	director	M. Padmakumar
The Blind Banker	director	Euros Lyn
The Flaxton Boys	director	Robert D. Cardona
The Run of the Country	director	Peter Yates
Curtain Call (1999 film)	director	Peter Yates
One Way Pendulum	director	Peter Yates
The Flaming Teen-Age	director	Irvin Yeaworth
Way Out (film)	director	Irvin Yeaworth
Petria's Wreath	director	Srđan Karanović
The Abductors	director	Andrew McLaglen
Deadwood (episode)	director	Walter Hill (filmmaker)
Freckles (film)	director	Andrew McLaglen
The Little Shepherd of Kingdom Come	director	Andrew McLaglen
Monkeys, Go Home!	director	Andrew McLaglen
One More Train to Rob	director	Andrew McLaglen
The Last Hard Men (film)	director	Andrew McLaglen
Return from the River Kwai	director	Andrew McLaglen
Larry Crowne	director	Tom Hanks
A Little Help	director	Michael J. Weithorn
Hideaways	director	Agnès Merlet
Atomic War Bride	director	Veljko Bulajić
The Secret of Nikola Tesla	director	Krsto Papić
Tammy and the T-Rex	director	Stewart Raffill
Sole Survivor (2000 film)	director	Mikael Salomon
Tracked by Bloodhounds; or, A Lynching at Cripple Creek	director	Harry Buckwalter
Little Sister (2010 film)	director	Richard Bowen
Big Mommas: Like Father, Like Son	director	John Whitesell
Inside Job (film)	director	Charles H. Ferguson
Tony (film)	director	Gerard Johnson (director)
The Ghost and the Guest	director	William Nigh
High Hat (1937 film)	director	Clifford Sanforth
The Dog Who Loved Trains	director	Goran Paskaljević
Don't Lean Out the Window	director	Bogdan Žižić
Age Of Glory 2 (Malaysian TV series)	director	Simon Long/ Ho Chee Wai/ Ko Wai/ Chan Wai Cheang
La Morte Vivante	director	Jean Rollin
Hard Lesbian: Genuine Tongue Technique	director	Yutaka Ikejima
Andy Hardy's Blonde Trouble	director	George B. Seitz
Manavudu Danavudu	director	P. Chandrasekhara Reddy
Kamen Rider W Forever: A to Z/The Gaia Memories of Fate	director	Koichi Sakamoto
Tensou Sentai Goseiger: Epic on the Movie	director	Katsuya Watanabe
Pax Americana and the Weaponization of Space	director	Denis Delestrac
Inkubus	director	Glenn Ciano
The Divide (film)	director	Xavier Gens
Vanishing on 7th Street	director	Brad Anderson (director)
The Happy Prince (film)	director	Michael Mills
Sundance and the Kid	director	Duccio Tessari
Cinta Fitri	director	H.Encep Masduki
Rubber Room (Law & Order)	director	René Balcer
Nino Live	director	Thisara Imbulana
Hogi Pyaar Ki Jeet	director	P. Vasu
Rendu Rella Aaru	director	Jandhyala
Just My Luck (1957 film)	director	John Paddy Carstairs
Cul-de-sac (2010 film)	director	Ramin Goudarzi Nejad
Cul-de-sac (2010 film)	director	Mahshad Torkan
Trent's Last Case (1929 film)	director	Howard Hawks
Yes, My Darling Daughter (1939 film)	director	William Keighley
Mangatyanan	director	Jerrold Tarog
The Pack (2010 film)	director	Franck Richard
TuTuMUCH	director	Elise Swerhone
The Last Resort (1979 TV series)	director	Asaad Kelada
The War Against Mrs. Hadley	director	Harold S. Bucquet
Legends of Anika	director	Vladimir Pogačić
Finale (film)	director	John Michael Elfers
Forgotten Pills	director	David Hefner
Dream Chronicles 2: The Eternal Maze	director	KatGames
Abkari	director	I. V. Sasi
Dream Chronicles: The Chosen Child	director	KatGames
Raamanam	director	M. P. Sukumaran Nair
Left Bank Linkeroever	director	Pieter Van Hees
Magane En Marumagane	director	T. P. Gajendran
Kanagavel Kaaka	director	Kavin Bala
Jaanam	director	Vikram Bhatt
Golimaar (film)	director	Puri Jagannadh
Himalay Putra	director	Pankaj Parashar
Killer Elite (film)	director	Gary McKendry
Death Race 2	director	Roel Reiné
Getting Married in Buffalo Jump	director	Eric Till
Sir (film)	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Struck by Lightning (TV series)	director	Joel Zwick
Return to the Beloved	director	Jean-François Adam
Gaayam	director	Ram Gopal Varma
The Lady of the Camellias (film)	director	Mauro Bolognini
The Wings of the Dove (1981 film)	director	Benoît Jacquot
Ennum Nanmakal	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Eaux profondes	director	Michel Deville
The Trout (film)	director	Joseph Losey
A Tiger's Tale	director	Peter Douglas
Pornography: A Thriller	director	David Kittredge
Amok (1945 film)	director	Antonio Momplet
The Dervish and Death	director	Zdravko Velimirović
La Otra (film)	director	Roberto Gavaldón
12th & Delaware	director	Rachel Grady
12th & Delaware	director	Heidi Ewing
The Fifth Column (film)	director	Vatche Boulghourjian
Clubbed to Death (film)	director	Yolande Zauberman
Portrait of Clare	director	Lance Comfort
Man from Tangier	director	Lance Comfort
Honey 2	director	Bille Woodruff
The Apprentice/L'Apprenti	director	Richard Condie
My Best Friend's Girl (1983 film)	director	Bertrand Blier
La Garce	director	Christine Pascal
Sincerely Charlotte	director	Caroline Huppert
Sac de noeuds	director	Josiane Balasko
Cactus (1986 film)	director	Paul Cox
Amphibious (film)	director	Brian Yuzna
The Return of the Whistler	director	D. Ross Lederman
Mad Youth	director	Melville Shyer
It Couldn't Have Happened – But It Did	director	Phil Rosen
Wanted for Murder (film)	director	Lawrence Huntington
Perla (Telenovela)	director	Antulio Jimenez Pons
Radha Kalyanam	director	Bapu (artist)
Kimcheed Radish Cubes	director	Kwon Suk Jang
The Legend of the Lost Keys	director	Colin Cant
Alien vs Ninja	director	Seiji Chiba
Why Democracy?	director	Weijun Chen
Why Democracy?	director	Rodrigo Vazquez
Why Democracy?	director	Alex Gibney
Why Democracy?	director	Lalit Vachani
Why Democracy?	director	Sabiha Sumar
Why Democracy?	director	Nino Kirtadze
Why Democracy?	director	Daniel Junge
Why Democracy?	director	Leila Menjou
Why Democracy?	director	Karsten Kjaer
Why Democracy?	director	Kazuhiro Soda
Priests Ćira and Spira	director	Soja Jovanović
Milan noir	director	Ronald Chammah
The Possessed (1988 film)	director	Andrzej Wajda
Migrations (film)	director	Aleksandar Petrović (film director)
La vengeance d'une femme	director	Jacques Doillon
Spellfury	director	Travis Gordon
Diff'rent Strokes	director	Gerren Keith
Ghost Chasers	director	William Beaudine
The Last of the Duanes (1930 film)	director	Alfred L. Werker
Elmo Says BOO!	director	Emily Squires
Elmo Says BOO!	director	Lisa Simon
Elmo Says BOO!	director	Jon Stone
Office Lady's Sexual Confession: Burning Love Affair	director	Yutaka Ikejima
Temptation: Eating Me	director	Osamu Satō
Incense for the Damned	director	Robert Hartford-Davis
Manushulu Marali	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
Monday or Tuesday (film)	director	Vatroslav Mimica
Love After Love (film)	director	Diane Kurys
Na Ghar Ke Na Ghaat Ke	director	Rahul Aggarwal
The Flood (1994 film)	director	Igor Minaiev
Les Palmes de M. Schutz	director	Claude Pinoteau
Manchi Manasulu	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Americana (film)	director	David Carradine
Survival Zone (film)	director	Percival Rubens
A Fish in the Bathtub	director	Joan Micklin Silver
The Swindle (1997 film)	director	Claude Chabrol
The Penthouse	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
Innocent Bystanders (film)	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
No Scandal	director	Benoît Jacquot
The Man Called Noon	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
Open Season (1974 film)	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
Target of an Assassin	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
Modern Life (film)	director	Laurence Ferreira Barbosa
The Sell Out	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
Tomorrow Never Comes (film)	director	Peter Collinson (film director)
False Servant	director	Benoît Jacquot
Merci pour le chocolat	director	Claude Chabrol
The End of the Road (1970 film)	director	Aram Avakian
The Gypsy and the Gentleman	director	Joseph Losey
Roads to the South	director	Joseph Losey
A Very Supernatural Christmas	director	J. Miller Tobin
To Trap a Spy	director	Don Medford
Comedy of Innocence	director	Raúl Ruiz
Médée (2001 film)	director	Don Kent (director)
Two (2002 film)	director	Werner Schroeter
Les Sœurs fâchées	director	Alexandra Leclère
Comedy of Power	director	Claude Chabrol
Hidden Love	director	Alessandro Capone
Medea Miracle	director	Tonino De Bernardi
Villa Amalia (film)	director	Benoît Jacquot
The Raccoons on Ice	director	Kevin Gillis
The Raccoons: Let's Dance!	director	Kevin Gillis
Ivory Tower (2010 film)	director	Puppetmastaz
Bad Guy (TV series)	director	Lee Hyung-min
Copacabana (2010 film)	director	Marc Fitoussi
The End of the Line (1957 film)	director	Charles Saunders (director)
Crazy Over Horses	director	William Beaudine
To Paris with Love	director	Robert Hamer
Single (film)	director	Wilder Shaw
Turn of Faith	director	Charles Jarrott
The Secret Life of Algernon	director	Charles Jarrott
Escape from the Dark	director	Charles Jarrott
Panikos sta scholeia	director	Dimis Dadiras
Mandroid (film)	director	Jack Ersgard
Arizona Mission	director	Andrew McLaglen
All for Free	director	Antonio Nuić
International Khilaadi	director	Umesh Mehra
Chikan Densha: Suggestive Indecent Hips	director	Naoyuki Tomomatsu
Hold That Line	director	William Beaudine
Tamara Drewe (film)	director	Stephen Frears
The Young Land	director	Ted Tetzlaff
Deadly Voyage	director	John Mackenzie (director)
The 41-Year-Old Virgin Who Knocked Up Sarah Marshall and Felt Superbad About It	director	Craig Moss
Sympathy for Delicious	director	Mark Ruffalo
Los Cuervos están de luto	director	Francisco del Villar
Here Come the Marines	director	William Beaudine
Smash His Camera	director	Leon Gast
The Return of the Man from U.N.C.L.E	director	Ray Austin
Mattie the Goose-boy (film)	director	Attila Dargay
Szaffi	director	Attila Dargay
Indraprastham (film)	director	Haridas Keshavan
Montana Territory (film)	director	Ray Nazarro
Shackleton's Antarctic Adventure	director	George Butler (filmmaker)
A Hero Ain't Nothin' but a Sandwich (film)	director	Ralph Nelson
Kozara (film)	director	Veljko Bulajić
Monkey on My Back (film)	director	André de Toth
Women of Tibet: A Quiet Revolution	director	Rosemary Rawcliffe
Obscene Stalker: It Holds in Darkness!	director	Yutaka Ikejima
The Crowd Roars (1938 film)	director	Richard Thorpe
A Lonely Place to Die	director	Julian Gilbey
Do It Again (documentary)	director	Robert Patton-Spruill
Mondo Bobo	director	Goran Rušinović
Eternal Flame (video)	director	Leah Meyerhoff
Ruby Cairo	director	Graeme Clifford
Pappa polis (film)	director	Clas Lindberg
All My Friends are Funeral Singers (film)	director	Tim Rutili
Little Moscow (2008 film)	director	Waldemar Krzystek
Story of O (film)	director	Just Jaeckin
Trudis Liit	director	Don Michael Perez
I Am Number Four (film)	director	D. J. Caruso
Worried About the Boy	director	Julian Jarrold
Velayudham	director	M. Raja
Women of Tibet: Gyalyum Chemo - The Great Mother	director	Rosemary Rawcliffe
The Square Peg	director	John Paddy Carstairs
Penitentiary Angel	director	Xie Jin
Permanent Vacation (2007 film)	director	W. Scott Peake
Sister-in-Law's Wet Thighs	director	Tarō Araki
I Have Two Mothers and Two Fathers	director	Krešo Golik
Valley of the Wolves: Palestine	director	Zübeyr Şaşmaz
Monsters (2010 film)	director	Gareth Edwards (director)
Superman/Batman: Apocalypse	director	Lauren Montgomery
DC Showcase: Jonah Hex	director	Joaquim Dos Santos
Sironia	director	Brandon Dickerson
Neela Parbat	director	Ahmad Bashir
Date for Hire	director	Lee Cummings
Feudin' Fools	director	William Beaudine
No Holds Barred (1952 film)	director	William Beaudine
Private Lessons: Home Teacher's Breast	director	Minoru Kunizawa
Beyond the Law (1968 film)	director	Giorgio Stegani
Thodu Dongalu (1954 film)	director	Dasari Yoganand
When Puppets and Dolls Attack!	director	Charles Band
Vampires Suck	director	Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer
Gnomeo & Juliet	director	Kelly Asbury
The Republic of Užice	director	Žika Mitrović
I Believe in You (film)	director	Celia Johnson
Man in the Moon (film)	director	Basil Dearden
Masquerade (1965 film)	director	Basil Dearden
The Private Files of J. Edgar Hoover	director	Larry Cohen
Special Effects (film)	director	Larry Cohen
Perfect Strangers (1984 film)	director	Larry Cohen
Deadly Illusion	director	Larry Cohen
One for the Money (film)	director	Julie Anne Robinson
Emperor: Young Caesar	director	Burr Steers
Majin and the Forsaken Kingdom	director	Yoshiki Okamoto
Asuravamsam	director	Shaji Kailas
Kaadhal Solla Vandhen	director	Boopathy Pandian
Jarrett (TV film)	director	Barry Shear
The Americano (1955 film)	director	William Castle
Smith!	director	Michael O'Herlihy
Akasya Durağı	director	Yaşar Seriner
The Singer and the Dancer	director	Gillian Armstrong
Fires Within	director	Gillian Armstrong
Undercover (1987 film)	director	John Stockwell (actor)
One Brief Summer	director	John Mackenzie
Made (1972 film)	director	John Mackenzie
The Last of the Finest	director	John Mackenzie
The Birch Tree (film)	director	Ante Babaja
Bugs Bunny's 3rd Movie: 1001 Rabbit Tales	director	Friz Freleng
Bugs Bunny's 3rd Movie: 1001 Rabbit Tales	director	Chuck Jones
Bugs Bunny's 3rd Movie: 1001 Rabbit Tales	director	Robert McKimson
Virtue (Law & Order)	director	Martha Mitchell (director)
Jalopy (film)	director	William Beaudine
Atlantis (1992 film)	director	Luc Besson
Nippulanti Manishi	director	S. D. Lal
Here Comes My Girl (Cougar Town)	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
Nesimi (film)	director	Hasan Seyidbeyli
The Merchant of Venice (unfinished film)	director	Orson Welles
Jesse Stone: Thin Ice	director	Robert Harmon
Jesse Stone: Innocents Lost	director	Robert Harmon
The Reef (2010 film)	director	Andrew Traucki
No Way to Heaven	director	Janos Tedeschi
No Way to Heaven	director	Christof Schaefer
Waiting for Forever	director	James Keach
Law and Order (1953 film)	director	Nathan H. Juran
Lustful Wife in Black: Aching	director	Minoru Kunizawa
No Sex Please, We're British (film)	director	Cliff Owen
Go for it	director	Enzo Barboni
Lyftet	director	Christer Dahl
Stories USA	director	Paul Carafotes
Insidious (film)	director	James Wan
Gaganam	director	Radha Mohan
All About Evil	director	Peaches Christ
Stones in Exile	director	Stephen Kijak
Hypothermia (film)	director	James Felix McKenney
Loose in London	director	Edward Bernds
Clipped Wings (film)	director	Edward Bernds
Cedar Rapids (film)	director	Miguel Arteta
Impure Uniform: Writhing Thighs	director	Tetsuya Takehora
Widow Apartment: Big Tits' Aching Night	director	Yumi Yoshiyuki
Mortal Kombat: Rebirth	director	Kevin Tancharoen
Devathalara Deevinchandi	director	Kommineni Seshagiri Rao
Haywire (film)	director	Steven Soderbergh
Thunderground	director	David Mitchell (director)
Come Dance with Me! (film)	director	Michel Boisrond
The Darkest Hour (film)	director	Chris Gorak
Applause (2009)	director	Martin Pieter Zandvliet
Across the Line (film)	director	Martin Spottl
Murder in New Hampshire: The Pamela Wojas Smart Story	director	Joyce Chopra
Pilot (Friday Night Lights)	director	Peter Berg
Innocent Lies	director	Patrick Dewolf
A Thief Catcher	director	Ford Sterling
Mystery Submarine (1963 film)	director	C.M. Pennington-Richards
Shameful Family: Pin Down Technique	director	Mitsuru Meike
Pelli Naati Pramanalu	director	Kadri Venkata Reddy
The Legend of Frenchie King	director	Christian-Jaque
Eroica (2003 film)	director	Simon Cellan-Jones
On the Right Track	director	Lee Philips (actor)
Eighteen Year-Old, Uniform's Breast	director	Minoru Kunizawa
Dream a Little Dream of Me (Supernatural)	director	Steve Boyum
The Mermaid Chair (film)	director	Steven Schachter
Decameron Nights	director	Hugo Fregonese
The Stranger (2010 film)	director	Robert Lieberman
Le schpountz	director	Gérard Oury
The Bandit Queen (1950 film)	director	William A. Berke
African Cats	director	Alastair Fothergill
African Cats	director	Keith Scholey
Laws of Deception	director	Joey Travolta
It's Kind of a Funny Story (film)	director	Anna Boden
It's Kind of a Funny Story (film)	director	Ryan Fleck
American Samurai (film)	director	Sam Firstenberg
Housekeeper with Beautiful Skin: Made Wet with Finger Torture	director	Tarō Araki
Lakshadhikari	director	D. Madhusudana Rao
Private Eyes (1953 film)	director	Edward Bernds
The Man on the Balcony (film)	director	Daniel Alfredson
Paris Playboys	director	William Beaudine
Polizón a bordo	director	Florián Rey
The Smell of Success (film)	director	Larry Smith
The Maltese Bippy	director	Norman Panama
I Will, I Will... for Now	director	Norman Panama
The Dilemma	director	Ron Howard
Friends with Benefits (film)	director	Will Gluck
Immoral First Love: Loving from the Nipples	director	Tarō Araki
The Mystery of Mr. X	director	Edgar Selwyn
The Mystery of Mr. X	director	Richard Boleslavsky
InOverOurHeads	director	Malkah Winter
Revenge of the Zombies	director	Steve Sekely
Teach Me!	director	Mike Nichols
The Royal Hunt of the Sun (film)	director	Irving Lerner
Two and Two Make Six	director	Freddie Francis
Is There Sex After Death?	director	Alan Abel
The Brain (1962 film)	director	Freddie Francis
Hysteria (film)	director	Freddie Francis
The Psychopath	director	Freddie Francis
Craze (film)	director	Freddie Francis
The Doctor and the Devils	director	Freddie Francis
Looking Forward (film)	director	Clarence Brown
Real Steel	director	Shawn Levy
Driver: San Francisco	director	Creative director
Driver: San Francisco	director	Art director
Goebbels und Geduldig	director	Kai Wessel (director)
Jerichow (film)	director	Christian Petzold
Majnu (1987 film)	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
Around the World (1967 film)	director	Pachhi
Knights of Badassdom	director	Joe Lynch (director)
Prem Kaa Game	director	Ashok Kheny
Kiss Tomorrow Goodbye	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
The Sorcerer's Apprentice (Alfred Hitchcock Presents)	director	Josef Leytes
Sri Krishna Satya	director	Kadri Venkata Reddy
The Assignment (upcoming film)	director	Timothy J. Nelson
Terrorist (2010 film)	director	Arin Paul
Mayfly (film)	director	Michael Bodie
Le Bonheur (1934 film)	director	Marcel L'Herbier
La Nuit fantastique	director	Marcel L'Herbier
Feu Mathias Pascal	director	Marcel L'Herbier
Twitches (film series)	director	Stuart Gillard
Kingdom Hearts 3D: Dream Drop Distance	director	Tetsuya Nomura
Carne de tu carne	director	Carlos Mayolo
Female Prisoner Ayaka: Tormenting and Breaking in a Bitch	director	Naoyuki Tomomatsu
Panchakshari	director	V. Samudra
Aching Wives: Continuous Adultery	director	Akira Fukuhara
Twisted Metal (2011 video game)	director	David Jaffe
Aspiring Home Tutor: Soiled Pure Whiteness	director	Yumi Yoshiyuki
Ilumina (TV series)	director	Mark A. Reyes
Ilumina (TV series)	director	Topel Lee
Devatha (1964 film)	director	K. Hemambharadhara Rao
Adam's Woman	director	Philip Leacock
Journey (2011 video game)	director	Jenova Chen
Steel Diver	director	Takaya Imamura
The Eyes of Annie Jones	director	Reginald Le Borg
Red Riding Hood (2011 film)	director	Catherine Hardwicke
Hair of the Dog (film)	director	Terry Bishop
Sarafina! (film)	director	Darrell Roodt
Love Song (2000 film)	director	Julie Dash
Modern Warfare (Community)	director	Justin Lin
Ivanhoe (1997 TV series)	director	Stuart Orme
Murder at the Savoy (film)	director	Pelle Berglund
The Lottery (2010 film)	director	Madeleine Sackler
Happy New Year (1987 film)	director	John G. Avildsen
Al-Ra'i wal Nisaa	director	Aly Badrakhan
Sparrow (2010 film)	director	Shaun Troke
Ann Carver's Profession	director	Edward Buzzell
Older Office Lady: Using Her Seductive Tongue	director	Yumi Yoshiyuki
Case 219	director	James Bruce
The Mouth of the Wolf	director	Pietro Marcello
Danger Route	director	Seth Holt
Jeopardy!	director	Kevin McCarthy (director)
Charlie Chan's Murder Cruise	director	Eugene Forde
I Want What I Want (film)	director	John Dexter
A Walk in the Sun (1978 film)	director	Hans Dahlberg
Ice Kacang Puppy Love	director	Ah Niu
War Horse (film)	director	Steven Spielberg
B. Monkey	director	Michael Radford
The In Crowd (1988 film)	director	Mark Rosenthal
Fright Night (2011 film)	director	Craig Gillespie
The Last Escape	director	Walter Grauman
Where the Bullets Fly	director	John Gilling
Fascinating Woman: The Temptation of Creampie	director	Yutaka Ikejima
Allah Ke Banday	director	Faruk Kabir
Hello Darling	director	Manoj Tiwari
The Flying Missile	director	Henry Levin
Foster Child (2007 film)	director	Brillante Mendoza
Foster Child	director	Gil Cardinal
Piccadilly Jim (1936 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
A Covenant with Death	director	Lamont Johnson
Kona Coast (film)	director	Lamont Johnson
The Groundstar Conspiracy	director	Lamont Johnson
You'll Like My Mother	director	Lamont Johnson
Visit to a Chief's Son	director	Lamont Johnson
Operation Bullshine	director	Gilbert Gunn
Inner Child (Fringe)	director	Fred Toye
The Girl Next Door: Taste of Short Steps	director	Tarō Araki
Pasión Morena	director	Andres Palacios
Journey to the West (2011 TV series)	director	Zhang Jizhong
Newark Athlete	director	William Kennedy Dickson
The Elder Son	director	Marius Balchunas
Al-Mashbouh	director	Samir Seif
Wasei Kingu Kongu	director	Torajiro Saito
Tsuki no Koibito ~Moon Lovers~	director	Hiroshi Nishitani
Great Directors	director	Angela Ismailos
Jaguar Lives!	director	Ernest Pintoff
For Colored Girls	director	Tyler Perry
School Spirit (The Nightmare Room)	director	Rich Correll
Wife Taxi: Crowded with Big Tits	director	Yutaka Ikejima
Gavilán o Paloma (film)	director	Alfredo Gurrola
Stonehenge Apocalypse	director	Paul Ziller
Amos Oz: The Nature of Dreams	director	Masha Zur Glozman
Amos Oz: The Nature of Dreams	director	Yonathan Zur
Sleepaway Camp Reunion	director	Robert Hiltzik
The Hunger (1986 film)	director	Aly Badrakhan
Indian Institute of Management Ranchi	director	M J Xavier
Cornered! (film)	director	Daniel Maze
Don't Forget Me (The Nightmare Room)	director	David Jackson (director)
Excited (film)	director	Bruce Sweeney
Scareful What You Wish For	director	Anson Williams
Tras el cristal	director	Agustí Villaronga
Tangled Web (The Nightmare Room)	director	Ron Oliver
Shōwa Erotic Romance: The Virgin's Bashfulness	director	Yutaka Ikejima
Saka no ue no kumo Museum	director	Masatake Matsubara
The Forest (2010)	director	Shan Serafin
Manchi Manasuku Manchi Rojulu	director	C. S. Rao
Ready (2011 film)	director	Anees Bazmee
Hungry Hearts (1922 film)	director	E. Mason Hopper
The Flying Scotsman (1929 film)	director	Castleton Knight
My Name is Evil	director	Anson Williams
The Rousters	director	Joseph Pevney
Barfee	director	Anurag Basu
Camp Nowhere (Part One)	director	James Marshall (director)
Camp Nowhere (Part Two)	director	James Marshall (director)
Ruchiki	director	Matt Paley
The Second Time Around (film)	director	Vincent Sherman
The Lost Symbol (film)	director	Ron Howard
Nair Saab	director	Joshi (director)
Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad	director	U. B. Desai
Instant Karma (film)	director	Roderick Taylor
Agnosía	director	Eugenio Mira
Thunder Alley (film)	director	Richard Rush (director)
Obsession (1997 film)	director	Peter Sehr
Shadow Magic	director	Ann Hu
Subway Serial Rape: Lover Hunting	director	Shuji Kataoka
Ammoru	director	Kodi Ramakrishna
Golden Rule Kate	director	Reginald Barker
Artham	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Carnivel	director	P. G. Viswambharan
Jesus Henry Christ (film)	director	Dennis Lee (director)
Carve Your Destiny	director	Anubhav Srivastava
Ee Nadu	director	I. V. Sasi
Pondicherry Institute of Medical Sciences	director	James Gnanadoss
Make a Wish (2006 film)	director	Cherien Dabis
Lafangey Parindey	director	Pradeep Sarkar
Kill the Man	director	Tom Booker
Kill the Man	director	Jon Kean
Unrivaled	director	Warren Sonoda
To exypno pouli	director	Orestis Laskos
Dreamkiller (film)	director	Catherine Pirotta
Fists of Bruce Lee	director	Bruce Li
Dhinarathrangal	director	Joshi (director)
Requiem pour un Vampire	director	Jean Rollin
Ponmuttayidunna Tharavu	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Vara Vikrayam (film)	director	C. Pullaiah
Dada Sahib	director	Vinayan
Better Half (Sons of Anarchy)	director	Mario Van Peebles
DC Showcase: Green Arrow	director	Joaquim Dos Santos
A Man Called Gannon	director	James Goldstone
Rakshasa Rajavu	director	Vinayan
Jigsaw (1968 film)	director	James Goldstone
Samrajyam	director	Jomon (director)
Pallavur Devanarayanan	director	V. M. Vinu
À l'aventure	director	Jean-Claude Brisseau
Cool It (TV series)	director	David Weir
A Pig-Boy and His Dog	director	Matt Groening
Garo: Red Requiem	director	Keita Amemiya
Killing Car	director	Jean Rollin
Cousin White Paper: Aching Mature Lewdness	director	Tetsuya Takehora
Margin Call	director	J.C. Chandor
An Easy Life	director	Veniamin Dorman
Sacrificio de Mujer	director	Adriana Barraza
The Demons of Ludlow	director	Bill Rebane
Myna Has Gone	director	Sadrac González
Myna Has Gone	director	Sonia Escolano
Lukket avdeling	director	Arnljot Berg
Oh, to Be on the Bandwagon!	director	Henning Carlsen
Reunited (TV pilot)	director	Simon Delaney
Honeymoon (1972 film)	director	Claes Lundberg
Land of No Return	director	Kent Bateman
The Elephant Man (TV film)	director	Jack Hofsiss
Trespass (2011 film)	director	Joel Schumacher
Warrior's End	director	Bjorn Anderson
Hemingway & Gellhorn	director	Philip Kaufman
A Taste of Evil	director	John Llewellyn Moxey
Cytherea (film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
Ultraman Zero: The Revenge of Belial	director	Yuichi Abe
Sri Simhachala Kshetra Mahima	director	B. V. Prasad
La Rose de Fer	director	Jean Rollin
Fascination (1979 film)	director	Jean Rollin
An Ideal Husband (1998 film)	director	William P Cartlidge
Tribute to Eric Rohmer	director	Jean-Luc Godard
25 Hill	director	Corbin Bernsen
Le Frisson des Vampires	director	Jean Rollin
Top of the Heap (film)	director	Christopher St. John
Traces of a Black Haired Girl	director	Zdravko Randić
To Take a Wife	director	Ronit Elkabetz
The Rendezvous	director	Kōichi Saitō (film director)
Stage Struck (1925 film)	director	Allan Dwan
Between Friends (1973 film)	director	Donald Shebib
The Experts (1973 film)	director	Norbert Kückelmann
Kamen Rider OOO	director	Ryuta Tasaki
Kamen Rider OOO	director	Takayuki Shibasaki
Kamen Rider OOO	director	Osamu Kaneda
Kamen Rider OOO	director	Satoshi Morota
Kamen Rider OOO	director	Hidenori Ishida
Kamen Rider OOO	director	Kenzo Maihara
Georgia, Georgia	director	Stig Björkman
Habla, mudita	director	Manuel Gutiérrez Aragón
A Queendom of Eros	director	Kingdom (director)
Il n'y a pas de fumée sans feu	director	André Cayatte
The Runestone	director	Willard Carroll
Turk's Head (film)	director	Pascal Elbé
Les mains libres	director	Brigitte Sy
The Glorious Adventure	director	Hobart Henley
Kiss the Girls (1965 film)	director	Giannis Dalianidis
All My Sons (film)	director	Irving Reis
La Vampire Nue	director	Jean Rollin
The Lives of Mount Druitt Youth	director	Saad Adam
Forgiveness (2008 film)	director	Mariusz Kotowski
Les Raisins de la Mort	director	Jean Rollin
Big Time Audition	director	Savage Steve Holland
The Game (1984 film)	director	Bill Rebane
Hop (film)	director	Tim Hill
Le Viol du Vampire	director	Jean Rollin
Miss Grant Goes to the Door	director	Brian Desmond Hurst
Heritage of the Desert (1924 film)	director	Irvin Willat
Property Is No Longer a Theft	director	Elio Petri
Wedding in Blood	director	Claude Chabrol
The Seven Madmen	director	Leopoldo Torre Nilsson
Love Comes Quietly	director	Nikolai van der Heyde
Moneyball (film)	director	Bennett Miller
Die Blutgräfin (film)	director	Ulrike Ottinger
Molester's Train: Melody of Wriggling Fingers	director	Tetsuya Takehora
Das merkwürdige Verhalten geschlechtsreifer Großstädter zur Paarungszeit	director	Marc Rothemund
Pilot (The Mentalist)	director	David Nutter
Vorarlberger Landesmuseum	director	Tobias G. Natter
The Wild Cat (1921 film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
The Children's Parade	director	John Gray (director)
Gypo (film)	director	Jan Dunn
Gypo (film)	director	Dogme 95
Yeddi Ogul Isterem	director	Tofig Tagizade
Long Live the Island Frogs	director	Jin-woo Jeong
Birthday Presence	director	Jennifer Love Hewitt
How Democracy Works Now: Twelve Stories	director	Shari Robertson
How Democracy Works Now: Twelve Stories	director	Michael Camerini
Where the Hell's That Gold?	director	Burt Kennedy
Den (film)	director	Greg Arce
Devil (film)	director	John Erick Dowdle
Elsamma Enna Aankutty	director	Lal Jose
La Nuit des Traquees	director	Jean Rollin
Implosion (Ghost Whisperer)	director	Jennifer Love Hewitt
Mankatha	director	Venkat Prabhu
Thoovalkattu	director	Venu B Nair
High Society (1955 film)	director	William Beaudine
Shubhapradham	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Sleep Tight (film)	director	Jaume Balagueró
Sumurun	director	Ernst Lubitsch
The 14	director	David Hemmings
All Nudity Shall Be Punished	director	Arnaldo Jabor
U-Turn (1973 film)	director	George Kaczender
Pattathu Yaanai	director	Boopathy Pandian
Wolke Neun	director	Andreas Dresen
Brain of Blood	director	Al Adamson
Pola Negri: Life is a Dream in Cinema	director	Mariusz Kotowski
Twin Sitters	director	John Paragon
Russian Snark	director	Stephen Sinclair
The Fields (2011 film)	director	Ami Canaan Mann
Venghai	director	Hari (director)
Lørdagsredaksjonen	director	John Andreassen
Rise, Fair Sun	director	Kei Kumai
Bobby's War	director	Arnljot Berg
The Mother of Invention	director	Joseph M. Petrick
Paranormal Activity 2	director	Kip Williams
Deeper and Deeper (film)	director	Mariusz Kotowski
Battle Tag	director	Frédérick Raynal
Freedom State	director	Cullen Hoback
The Secret Friend	director	Flavio Alves
Evil Behind You	director	Jim Carroll
Evil Behind You	director	Jason Kerr
Chandika (film)	director	R. S. Prakash
El Trueno entre las hojas (film)	director	Armando Bó
List of Ishaan episodes	director	Iqbal Rizvi
The Conscript	director	Roland Verhavert
The Love of Captain Brando	director	Jaime de Armiñán
A Handful of Love (film)	director	Vilgot Sjöman
There's One Born Every Minute	director	Devin Grady (film director)
Standing Ovation (film)	director	Stewart Raffill
In the Name of the People (1974 film)	director	Ottokar Runze
Awam (film)	director	Baldev Raj Chopra
The Lottery Bride	director	Paul L. Stein
Crush (2009 film)	director	John V. Soto
Vamsam	director	Pandiraj
Échangistes	director	Simon Boisvert
The Giant of Metropolis	director	Umberto Scarpelli
Basil (film)	director	Radha Bharadwaj
The Pelican (film)	director	Gérard Blain
Little Malcolm	director	Stuart Cooper
The Land of Our Ancesters	director	Rauni Mollberg
Virtual Sexuality	director	Nick Hurran
Acting Hamlet in the Village of Mrdusa Donja	director	Krsto Papić
Sagarana: The Duel	director	Paulo Thiago (director)
The Tortured	director	Robert Lieberman
There Is No 13	director	William Sachs
Two (1974 film)	director	Charles Trieschmann
Sleeping Beauty (2011 film)	director	Julia Leigh
The Immortal Garrison	director	Zakhar Agranenko
The Immortal Garrison	director	Eduard Tisse
Behind Office Doors	director	Melville W. Brown
Mugguru Maratilu	director	Ghantasala Balaramaiah
Surviving Paradise	director	Kamshad Kooshan
Dil Toh Baccha Hai Ji	director	Madhur Bhandarkar
L'endroit idéal	director	Brigitte Sy
Uncle Vanya (1957 film)	director	John Goetz
Uncle Vanya (1957 film)	director	Franchot Tone
Sh'Chur (film)	director	Shmuel Hasfari
Adelheid (film)	director	František Vláčil
Bony a klid	director	Vít Olmer
Božská Ema	director	Jirí Krejcík
Skeleton on Horseback	director	Hugo Haas
Dobří holubi se vracejí	director	Dusan Klein
Falešný hráč	director	Jaroslav Hurt
Habermann (film)	director	Juraj Herz
Pleasant Moments	director	Věra Chytilová
Hordubalové	director	Martin Frič
Housata	director	Karel Smyczek
Intimate Lighting	director	Ivan Passer
Kajínek	director	Petr Jákl
Konec milování	director	Otakar Stáfl
Konec milování	director	Max Urban
Witchhammer	director	Otakar Vávra
Who Looks for Gold?	director	Jiří Menzel
A Hoof Here, a Hoof There	director	Věra Chytilová
Kousek nebe	director	Petr Nikolaev
The Pendulum, the Pit and Hope	director	Jan Švankmajer
Man in Rut	director	Robert Sedlácek
Lidice (film)	director	Petr Nikolaev
Poslední propadne peklu	director	Ludvík Ráža
Případ dr. Kováře	director	Milos Makovec
Walking Too Fast	director	Radim Špaček
Case for a Rookie Hangman	director	Pavel Jurácek
Steel Town (film)	director	Martin Frič
The Mysterious Mr. Valentine	director	Philip Ford (film director)
Metamorphosis of a Melody	director	Amos Gitai
W.E (film)	director	Madonna (entertainer)
Rim of the Canyon	director	John English (director)
The Incite Mill	director	Hideo Nakata
Law Men	director	Lambert Hillyer
Law of the Lash	director	Ray Taylor
Today I Hang	director	Oliver Drake
Free Willy (film series)	director	Simon Wincer
Free Willy (film series)	director	Dwight H. Little
The Wedsworth-Townsend Act	director	Jack Webb
Some Girl	director	Rory Kelly
Cherry Tree Lane	director	Paul Andrew Williams
Kalavani	director	A. Sarkunam
Antastulu	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
Revolver (1973 film)	director	Sergio Sollima
Far from Home (1975 film)	director	Sohrab Shahid-Saless
Ice Age (1975 film)	director	Peter Zadek
Foolin' Around	director	Richard T. Heffron
El abanderado	director	Eusebio Fernández Ardavín
La rueda de la vida	director	Florián Rey
Saeta rubia	director	Florián Rey
Slaughter in San Francisco	director	Lo Wei
None But the Brave (1928 film)	director	Albert Ray
Red Hair (film)	director	Clarence G. Badger
Red, White & Blue (film)	director	Simon Rumley
Court Martial (1928 film)	director	George B. Seitz
The Water Hole	director	F. Richard Jones
Pharaoh's Army	director	Robby Henson
Roast Beef and Movies	director	Samuel Baerwitz
Just Mohabbat	director	Tony Singh
The Stalls of Barchester	director	Lawrence Gordon Clark
My Six Loves	director	Gower Champion
Falcon's Blood Diamond	director	Mahmoud Shoolizadeh
Hunter Prey	director	Sandy Collora
The Treasure of Abbot Thomas	director	Lawrence Gordon Clark
Aravaan	director	Vasanthabalan
Booked Out	director	Bryan O'Neil
Yuvatharam Kadilindi	director	Dhavala Satyam
A Slumdog Millionaire Goes Dancing	director	Shiamak Davar
New Movietone Follies of 1930	director	Benjamin Stoloff
Trainwreck: My Life as an Idoit	director	Tod Harrison Williams
Southwest Passage	director	Ray Nazarro
Balaraju Katha	director	Bapu (artist)
Aatma Gowravam	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Yeh zindagi hai	director	Kamran Akbar Khan
I Am Comic	director	Jordan Brady
Vaanam	director	Radhakrishna Jagarlamudi
Gangsterfilmen	director	Lars G. Thelestam
Ante Up (film)	director	Paolo Nuzzi
Maqsad	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
Swarmed (film)	director	Paul Ziller
The Unknown War (documentary)	director	Isaac Kleinerman
The Unknown War (documentary)	director	Roman Karmen
Don't Let It Get You	director	John O'Shea (filmmaker)
John Glückstadt	director	Ulf Miehe
The Great House (film)	director	Francisco Rodríguez Gordillo
Fight for Us	director	Lino Brocka
Bhale Ramudu	director	Vedantam Raghavaiah
The Uninvited Guest (1924 film)	director	Ralph Ince
A Little Bit of Heaven (2011 film)	director	Nicole Kassell
Vechera na khutore bliz Dikanki (1961 film)	director	Alexander Rou
The Glorious Adventure (1922 film)	director	J. Stuart Blackton
The Treasure of Jamaica Reef	director	Virginia L. Stone
Girl Walks Into a Bar	director	Sebastian Gutierrez
The Kansan (film)	director	George Archainbaud
Kshamichu Ennoru Vakku	director	Joshi (director)
Twin Husbands (1933 film)	director	Frank R. Strayer
Danger on the Air	director	Otis Garrett
The First Time on the Grass	director	Gianluigi Calderone
The Mystery of the Hooded Horsemen	director	Ray Taylor
Leave Us Alone	director	Ernst Johansen
Leave Us Alone	director	Lasse Nielsen (director)
The Hi-Jackers	director	Jim O'Connolly
Lily, aime-moi	director	Maurice Dugowson
Murder at Glen Athol	director	Frank R. Strayer
The Crooked Web	director	Nathan H. Juran
Flight of the Lost Balloon	director	Nathan H. Juran
Demobbed (film)	director	Roman Romanovich Kachanov
Land Raiders	director	Nathan H. Juran
Triumph Over Violence	director	Mikhail Romm
The Fat Man (film)	director	William Castle
SOLO - The Series	director	Jorge Urbina
The Last Great Wilderness (film)	director	David MacKenzie
Come on, Cowboys	director	Joseph Kane
Murder by Invitation	director	Phil Rosen
Voyage of the Rock Aliens	director	James Fargo
Voyage of the Rock Aliens	director	Bob Giraldi
Born to Race	director	James Fargo
Riding the Edge	director	James Fargo
Second Chances (film)	director	James Fargo
Port of Missing Girls	director	Karl Brown (cinematographer)
Men of the Sea	director	Aleksandr Faintsimmer
Free Fall (film)	director	Mario Azzopardi
A Face in the Fog	director	Robert F. Hill
Frankenstein 80	director	Mario Mancini
Devil's Cargo	director	John F. Link Sr.
Legendary (film)	director	Mel Damski
The Gilt	director	Lino Brocka
Offside (2009 film)	director	Gian Carlo Petraccaro
Superman/Shazam!: The Return of Black Adam	director	Joaquim Dos Santos
The Truth Below	director	Scott Glosserman
Eichmann (film)	director	Robert Young (director)
Out of Season (film)	director	Alan Bridges
Oh, Men! Oh, Women!	director	Nunnally Johnson
Samna (film)	director	Jabbar Patel
Détour De Seta	director	Salvo Cuccia
Unconstitutional: The War on Our Civil Liberties	director	Nonny de la Peña
Samson en Gert (TV series)	director	Bart Van Leemputten
The Black Ninja	director	Clayton Prince
The Boys Club	director	John Fawcett (director)
The Enchanted Forest	director	Lew Landers
Tell It to the Judge	director	Norman Foster (director)
Mayalokam	director	Gudavalli Ramabrahmam
Open Season 3	director	Cody Cameron
Gandhari (film)	director	Sunil (director)
Bangaru Gaajulu	director	C. S. Rao
15 Till Midnight	director	Wolfgang Meyer (director)
Dear Alice	director	Othman Karim
Captifs	director	Yann Gozlan
Jack & Jill (film)	director	Dennis Dugan
My Fair Nanny (Russian TV series)	director	Audrey Kuznetsov
Jogayya (film)	director	Prem (film director)
Kodalu Diddina Kapuram	director	Dasari Yoganand
Pontifical University Antonianum	director	Johannes-Baptist Freyer
Mardi Gras (film)	director	Edmund Goulding
Bangaru Panjaram	director	Bommireddy Narasimha Reddy
The Canterville Ghost (1995 TV)	director	Sydney Macartney
Sto dney posle detstva	director	Sergei Solovyov
The Silence (2010 drama)	director	Dearbhla Walsh
Irresistible (film)	director	Ann Turner (director)
Oliver Twist (1909 film)	director	J. Stuart Blackton
Abduction (2011 film)	director	John Singleton
Love U...Mr. Kalakaar!	director	S. Manasvi
Cry Terror!	director	Andrew L. Stone
Red, Hot and Blue (film)	director	John Farrow
Off the Menu: The Last Days of Chasen's	director	Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini
Off the Menu: The Last Days of Chasen's	director	Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini
Le choc	director	Robin Davis (director)
Sivaranjani (film)	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
Love At Seventh Sight	director	Alfred Cheung
Samsaram Sagaram	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
Big Tits Zombie	director	Takao Nakano
Fotonovela (film)	director	Robert Kubilos
Man Without a Name	director	László Lugossy
Intruders (film)	director	Juan Carlos Fresnadillo
Night Catches Us	director	Tanya Hamilton
Freakonomics (film)	director	Alex Gibney
Freakonomics (film)	director	Seth Gordon
Freakonomics (film)	director	Rachel Grady
Freakonomics (film)	director	Eugene Jarecki
Freakonomics (film)	director	Morgan Spurlock
Furia à Bahia pour OSS 117	director	André Hunebelle
Puss in Boots (2011 film)	director	Chris Miller (animator)
All Signs of Death	director	Alan Ball (screenwriter)
Audition (Glee)	director	Brad Falchuk
Goltzius and the Pelican Company	director	Peter Greenaway
Museum Maluku	director	Huib Akihary
The White Ship (film)	director	Bolotbek Shamshiyev
Act of Vengeance	director	John Mackenzie
Chance (Fear Itself)	director	John Dahl
Something with Bite	director	Ernest Dickerson
Strangers of the Evening	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Date Bait	director	O'Dale Ireland
Flicka 2	director	Michael Damian
Just Our Luck	director	John Astin
Sammy's Adventures: The Secret Passage	director	Ben Stassen
Le Chakka	director	Raj Chakraborty
Malarvaadi Arts Club	director	Vineeth Sreenivasan
Canoa (film)	director	Felipe Cazals
Naanu Nanna Kanasu	director	Prakash Raj
Devil Monster	director	S. Edwin Graham
Men of San Quentin	director	William Beaudine
Mutiny in the Big House	director	William Nigh
Jiraiya the Hero	director	Shōzō Makino (director)
Glumpers	director	Enrique Uviedo
Charlie Valentine	director	Jesse Johnson (filmmaker)
Kisses	director	Lance Daly
Last Will	director	Brent Huff
Caro Michele	director	Mario Monicelli
Apoorvaragam	director	Sibi Malayil
Beach Guard in Winter	director	Goran Paskaljević
Eighteen Springs (film)	director	Ann Hui
The Mitten (film)	director	Roman Abelevich Kachanov
Chipollino (film)	director	Tamara Lisitsian
The Sudden Loneliness of Konrad Steiner	director	Kurt Gloor
One Year Later (film)	director	E. Mason Hopper
Dime with a Halo	director	Boris Sagal
The Crimebusters	director	Boris Sagal
The Thousand Plane Raid	director	Boris Sagal
Angela (1978 film)	director	Boris Sagal
Das wandernde Bild	director	Fritz Lang
Hollywood Stadium Mystery	director	David Howard (director)
Chenkol	director	Sibi Malayil
Murder at Midnight (1931 film)	director	Frank R. Strayer
Star Dust (film)	director	Walter Lang
The Great Profile	director	Walter Lang
Greenwich Village (film)	director	Walter Lang
Claudia and David	director	Walter Lang
You're My Everything (film)	director	Walter Lang
Sentimental Journey (film)	director	Walter Lang
Anari No.1	director	Sandesh Kohli
Up in the Air (1940 film)	director	Howard Bretherton
The Kid Sister	director	Sam Newfield
Johnnie Walker (film)	director	Jayaraj
Daadagiri	director	Arshad Khan
Pandamen	director	Jay Chou
Oranges and Sunshine	director	Jim Loach
Maa Nannaki Pelli	director	E. V. V. Satyanarayana
Angaara	director	Anil Ganguly
Olivia. In the Lab. With the Revolver.	director	Brad Anderson (director)
Sorry Baby	director	Feng Xiaogang
F comme Fairbanks	director	Maurice Dugowson
The Last Plantation	director	Marcos Farias
Death at an Old Mansion	director	Yoichi Takabayashi
Outpost in Morocco	director	Robert Florey
Banco à Bangkok pour OSS 117	director	André Hunebelle
The Light in the Dark	director	Clarence Brown
Larceny on the Air	director	Irving Pichel
Planeta Bur	director	Pavel Klushantsev
Judge and the Forest	director	Rangel Vulchanov
Sir John Mills' Moving Memories	director	Marcus Dillistone
Bandhan (1969 film)	director	Narendra Bedi
The Murder in the Museum	director	Melville Shyer
S.L.Film	director	Chady Hannah
Framed (1930 film)	director	George Archainbaud
Extravagance (film)	director	Phil Rosen
The Savage Girl	director	Harry L. Fraser
A Dangerous Method	director	David Cronenberg
Robin Hood - czwarta strzała	director	Władysław Sikora
A Lost Life	director	Ottokar Runze
Kisses for My President	director	Curtis Bernhardt
Zaklęte rewiry	director	Janusz Majewski (director)
Maryland (film)	director	Henry King (director)
Chad Hanna	director	Henry King (director)
Wait Till the Sun Shines, Nellie (film)	director	Henry King (director)
Twisted Rails	director	Albert Herman
Hurricane at Pilgrim Hill	director	Richard L. Bare
Hail, Hero!	director	David Miller (director)
Feel My Pulse	director	Gregory La Cava
La Diosa Coronada	director	Miguel Varoni
G.I. Joe: Renegades	director	Randy Myers
Atout coeur à Tokyo pour OSS 117	director	Michel Boisrond
Il mondo perduto	director	Vittorio De Seta
Easy Money (2010 film)	director	Daniel Espinosa
Naalaaga Endaro	director	Eeranki Sharma
Bed & Breakfast (2010 film)	director	Márcio Garcia
Rubber (2010 film)	director	Mr. Oizo
Fast Five	director	Justin Lin
Anybody Here Seen Kelly?	director	William Wyler
Frozen Kiss	director	Harry Bromley-Davenport
Krakatit	director	Otakar Vávra
Wild Flowers (film)	director	F. A. Brabec
Lea (film)	director	Ivan Fíla
Operace Silver A	director	Jiří Strach
Romeo, Juliet and Darkness	director	Jiří Weiss
Daniel Boone (1936 film)	director	David Howard (director)
Wake Me When It's Over (film)	director	Mervyn LeRoy
Bitter Sweet (2004 film)	director	Mitsuru Meike
Act of Love (1953 film)	director	Anatole Litvak
Sakudumbam Shyamala	director	Radhakrishnan Mangalath
Austin Center for Design	director	Jon Kolko (Austin Center for Design Director)
1775 (TV pilot)	director	David Trainer
Body and Soul (1981 film)	director	George Bowers (filmmaker)
Yesterday (1981 film)	director	Lawrence Kent
Vision - From the Life of Hildegard von Bingen	director	Margarethe von Trotta
Black Litter	director	Manuel Gutiérrez Aragón
JejeMom	director	Dominic Zapata
Remedy (film)	director	Christian Maelen
Mars et Avril	director	Martin Villeneuve
Tatsu no ko Taro	director	Kirio Urayama
Tatsu no ko Taro	director	Peter Fernandez
Ghosts of War	director	David Sander
The Rock Star and the Mullahs	director	Ruhi Hamid
Vanjikottai Valiban	director	S. S. Vasan
The Three Musketeers (1939 film)	director	Allan Dwan
Medea (1988 film)	director	Lars von Trier
Tezz	director	Priyadarshan
Nadunisi Naaygal	director	Gautham Menon
A Man About the House (film)	director	Leslie Arliss
Creature (TV movie)	director	Stuart Gillard
Oru Yathramozhi	director	Prathap K. Pothan
Cyclops (1976 film)	director	Christo Christov
Day for My Love	director	Juraj Herz
The Conquest of the Citadel	director	Bernhard Wicki
A Force More Powerful (2000 TV series)	director	Steve York
The Divided Heart	director	Charles Crichton
Sri Shirdi Saibaba Mahathyam	director	K. Vasu
Brahma Ratham	director	Chitrapu Narayana Rao
Hunted (film)	director	Charles Crichton
Essential Killing	director	Jerzy Skolimowski
The Te Kooti Trail	director	Rudall Hayward
Nya hyss av Emil i Lönneberga	director	Olle Hellbom
Emil i Lönneberga (film)	director	Olle Hellbom
Emil och griseknoen	director	Olle Hellbom
Sharks' Treasure	director	Cornel Wilde
The Expulsion from Paradise	director	Niklaus Schilling
The Anchorite	director	Juan Estelrich
Boilesk	director	Dave Fleischer
Life in a Day (2011 film)	director	Kevin Macdonald (director)
Against the Wind (1948 film)	director	Charles Crichton
Manèges	director	Yves Allégret
Världens bästa Karlsson	director	Olle Hellbom
Nils Karlsson Pyssling	director	Staffan Götestam
I Am the Media	director	Benjamin Rassat
Der Fall Molander	director	Georg Wilhelm Pabst
Robbery Alla Turca	director	Oğuzhan Tercan
A Beautiful Stranger	director	Jerzy Hoffman
Romance on the Orient Express	director	Lawrence Gordon Clark
Boop-Oop-a-Doop	director	Dave Fleischer
O-Bi, O-Ba: The End of Civilization	director	Piotr Szulkin
LOL: Laughing Out Loud	director	Lisa Azuelos
Cirkus Columbia	director	Danis Tanović
24 Hour Restaurant Battle	director	Michael Pearlman
Une si jolie petite plage	director	Yves Allégret
Dangerous Nan McGrew	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
The Bum Bandit	director	Dave Fleischer
Painted Boats	director	Charles Crichton
Mästerdetektiven lever farligt	director	Olle Hellbom
Love Mein Gum	director	Reema Khan
Touch and Go (1955 film)	director	Michael Truman
Back to God's Country (1953 film)	director	Joseph Pevney
Pimp (film)	director	Robert Cavanah
Ambasamudram Ambani	director	Ramnath
Blackjack (film)	director	John Woo
Billie (film)	director	Don Weis
Of Human Action	director	Joe Chappelle
Never Take Sweets from a Stranger	director	Cyril Frankel
Uninhabited (Film)	director	Bill Bennett (director)
Summer in Berlin	director	Andreas Dresen
Oral Mathram	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Lotta flyttar hemifrån	director	Johanna Hald
Lotta på Bråkmakargatan	director	Johanna Hald
Glowing Stars	director	Lisa Siwe
Grete Minde	director	Heidi Genée
Urumi (film)	director	Santosh Sivan
Jean-Michel Basquiat: The Radiant Child	director	Tamra Davis
A Strange Role	director	Pál Sándor (director)
Kaze no Bushi	director	Tai Kato
To Age or Not to Age	director	Robert Kane Pappas
Americký souboj	director	Otakar Stáfl
Andula Won	director	Miroslav Cikán
Anděl s ďáblem v těle	director	Václav Matějka
Anton Spelec, Sharp-Shooter	director	Martin Frič
Babičky dobíjejte přesně!	director	Ladislav Rychman
Close to Heaven	director	Dan Svátek
Grapes (film)	director	Tomás Barina
Byl jednou jeden polda	director	Jaroslav Soukup
May Events	director	Václav Berdych
May Events	director	Martin Frič
Those Wonderful Movie Cranks	director	Jiří Menzel
Cesta do hlubin študákovy duše	director	Martin Frič
Out of the City	director	Tomás Vorel
Cholera v Praze	director	Alois Jalovec
Who's That Soldier?	director	Petr Tucek
His Majesty's Adjutant	director	Martin Frič
Doktor od jezera hrochů	director	Zdenek Troska
Což takhle dát si špenát	director	Václav Vorlíček
Ducháček Will Fix It	director	Karel Lamač
Dívka v modrém	director	Otakar Vávra
Behold Homolka	director	Jaroslav Papousek
Eva tropí hlouposti	director	Martin Frič
Falešná kočička aneb Když si žena umíní	director	Svatopluk Innemann
The Very Late Afternoon of a Faun	director	Věra Chytilová
The Phantom of Morrisville	director	Borivoj Zeman
Fešák Hubert	director	Ivo Novák
The Undertaker (film)	director	Karel Lamač
Grandhotel	director	David Ondricek
František je děvkař	director	Jan Prusinovsky
Gympl	director	Tomás Vorel
Happy End (1966 film)	director	Oldřich Lipský
Held einer Nacht	director	Martin Frič
The Blue Star Hotel	director	Martin Frič
Hrdina jedné noci	director	Martin Frič
Hrdinný kapitán Korkorán	director	Miroslav Cikán
Hrubeš a Mareš jsou kamarádi do deště	director	Vladimír Morávek
The Tricky Game of Love	director	Jirí Krejcík
Keep the Aspidistra Flying (film)	director	Robert Bierman
Jak básníci neztrácejí naději	director	Dusan Klein
How Poets Are Enjoying Their Lives	director	Dusan Klein
Jak dostat tatínka do polepšovny	director	Marie Polednáková
How the World Is Losing Poets	director	Dusan Klein
How to Drown Dr. Mracek, the Lawyer	director	Václav Vorlícek
Hvězda jede na jih	director	Oldřich Lipský
Jarní sen starého mládence	director	Josef Kricenský
Jedenácté přikázání	director	Martin Frič
Jára Cimrman Lying, Sleeping	director	Ladislav Smoljak
Jáchyme, hoď ho do stroje!	director	Oldřich Lipský
Já, truchlivý bůh	director	Antonín Kachlík
The Catacombs (film)	director	Martin Frič
Baron Prášil (film)	director	Martin Frič
Christian (film)	director	Martin Frič
Morality Above All Else	director	Martin Frič
Seclusion Near a Forest	director	Jiří Menzel
Nasty (film)	director	Jan Hřebejk
Občanský průkaz (film)	director	Ondřej Trojan
Him and His Sister	director	Karel Lamač
Him and His Sister	director	Martin Frič
The Bricklayers	director	Jorge Fons
2Bobule	director	Vlad Lanné
Ajay (2007 film)	director	Meher Ramesh
Abhi (2003 film)	director	Dinesh Baboo
Pigs Have Wings (film)	director	Paolo Pietrangeli
50/50 (2011 film)	director	Jonathan Levine
Veera Kannadiga	director	Meher Ramesh
Maurya (film)	director	S Narayan
Namma Basava	director	Veerashankar
The Golden Mistress	director	Abner Biberman
Centre for Quantum Technologies	director	Artur Ekert
Nothing But the Truth (1929 film)	director	Victor Schertzinger
A Study in Pink	director	Paul McGuigan (filmmaker)
A Very Special Favor	director	Michael Gordon (film director)
The Romance of Betty Boop (1985)	director	Bill Melendez
The Betty Boop Movie Mystery (1989)	director	George Evelyn
Britney/Brittany	director	Ryan Murphy (writer)
Just Between Us	director	Rajko Grlić
Molester's Bus 2: Heat of the Over Thirty	director	Tarō Araki
Shots in the Dark	director	Lina B. Moreco
Nine Men	director	Harry Watt (director)
Johnny Frenchman	director	Charles Frend
Medhai	director	N.T.G. Saravanan
Preminchu	director	Boyina Subba Rao
They Had to See Paris	director	Frank Borzage
Raju Peda	director	B. A. Subba Rao
Delivery Health Girl: The Moisture of Silken Skin	director	Yutaka Ikejima
Sentimentalnyy roman	director	Igor Maslennikov
Tenda dos Milagres (film)	director	Nelson Pereira dos Santos
The Widowhood of Karolina Žašler	director	Matjaž Klopčič
Go Quiet	director	Dean DeBlois
Nosso Lar (film)	director	Wagner de Assis
Hitler's Madman	director	Douglas Sirk
Eradane Maduve	director	Dinesh Baboo
Marwencol	director	Jeff Malmberg
Rockstar (film)	director	Imtiaz Ali (director)
Swapnangalil Haizel Mary	director	George Kithu
Nivedyam	director	A. K. Lohithadas
Lease of Life	director	Charles Frend
Are Parents People?	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
When Were You Born	director	William C. McGann
Our Idiot Brother	director	Jesse Peretz
Crocodile (Dexter)	director	Michael Cuesta
Remember Paul?	director	David Grossman (director)
Bad Teacher	director	Jake Kasdan
Walk on Water (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Rob Corn
Corwin (TV series)	director	Daryl Duke
Drowning on Dry Land (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Rob Corn
Some Kind of Miracle (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Adam Arkin
Scars and Souvenirs (Grey's Anatomy)	director	James Frawley
My Favorite Mistake (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Tamra Davis
Time After Time (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Christopher Misiano
Desire (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Tom Verica
Testing 1-2-3 (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Christopher Misiano
Acting on Impulse	director	Sam Irvin
Limit Up (film)	director	Richard Martini
My Brother's Keeper (1948 film)	director	Alfred Roome
Small Hotel	director	David MacDonald (director)
Mamarazzi	director	Joel Lamangan
Muddu Bidda	director	K. B. Tilak
Kristine (TV series)	director	Rory Quintos
Pearls of the Crown	director	Sacha Guitry
Pearls of the Crown	director	Christian-Jaque
A Change Is Gonna Come (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Rob Corn
Love/Addiction (Grey's Anatomy)	director	James Frawley
Let the Truth Sting (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Daniel Minahan
The Heart of the Matter (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Randall Zisk
Haunt You Every Day (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Bethany Rooney
They Were Sisters	director	Arthur Crabtree
Kung Fu Fighting (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Tom Verica
30 Days in September (Play)	director	Lillete Dubey
Memories of Me	director	Henry Winkler
Hutch the Honeybee	director	Tetsurō Amino
Orange Revolution (film)	director	Steve York
Pobočník Jeho Výsosti	director	Martin Frič
The Poacher's Foster Daughter or Noble Millionaire	director	Martin Frič
ROMing	director	Jirí Vejdelek
Surviving Life	director	Jan Švankmajer
Revizor (film)	director	Martin Frič
Román pro ženy (film)	director	Filip Renč
Mr. Muggs Steps Out	director	William Beaudine
Raktha Sambandham	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
Aakrosh (2010 film)	director	Priyadarshan
Johnny English Reborn	director	Oliver Parker
Follow the Leader (film)	director	William Beaudine
Chinnari Papalu	director	Savitri (actress)
Amma (2003 film)	director	Sunil Batta
Ravagers (1979 film)	director	Richard Compton
Penpattanam	director	V. M. Vinu
La pecora nera	director	Ascanio Celestini
Happy Few	director	Antony Cordier
The Solitude of Prime Numbers	director	Saverio Costanzo
Road to Nowhere (film)	director	Monte Hellman
A Sad Trumpet Ballad	director	Álex de la Iglesia
Black Venus (film)	director	Abdellatif Kechiche
FUBAR 2	director	Michael Dowse
The Disappeared (film)	director	Johnny Kevorkian
The Truth About Youth	director	William A. Seiter
For Those in Peril	director	Charles Crichton
The Son (Friday Night Lights)	director	Allison Liddi-Brown
The Little Death (film)	director	Morgan Nichols (director)
Joey Breaker	director	Steven Starr
The Maker (film)	director	Tim Hunter (director)
Tread Softly Stranger	director	Gordon Parry (film director)
Screaming Eagles (film)	director	Charles F. Haas
This Is Not My Life	director	Robert Sarkies
This Is Not My Life	director	Peter Salmon (filmmaker)
Senza Tempo	director	Gabriele Muccino
Paduka Pattabhishekam	director	Kadaru Nagabhushanam
Valayar Paramasivam	director	Joshi (director)
Knights Contract	director	Yoshiki Okamoto
MetaJets	director	Paul Hunt
Five Minarets in New York	director	Mahsun Kırmızıgül
Block Busters	director	Wallace Fox
Snow (1963 short film)	director	Geoffrey Jones
Watch (film)	director	University of Washington firebombing incident#Briana Waters
Noi credevamo	director	Mario Martone
La passione	director	Carlo Mazzacurati
The Bowery Boys Meet the Monsters	director	Edward Bernds
Potiche	director	François Ozon
In the Money	director	William Beaudine
Mickey's Eleven	director	Albert Herman
Jesus Freak (film)	director	Morgan Nichols (director)
Bimbo's Express	director	Dave Fleischer
Minding the Baby	director	Dave Fleischer
Mask-A-Raid	director	Dave Fleischer
Ema Gordon Klabin Cultural Foundation	director	Celso Lafer
Jack and the Beanstalk (1931 cartoon)	director	Dave Fleischer
Dizzy Red Riding Hood	director	Dave Fleischer
Blood Money (1933 film)	director	Rowland Brown
Any Rags?	director	Dave Fleischer
Crazy Town (1932 cartoon)	director	Dave Fleischer
The Dancing Fool	director	Dave Fleischer
Admission Free	director	Dave Fleischer
The Heart of No Place	director	Rika Ohara
Love ni Mister, Love ni Misis	director	Louie Ignacio
Forbidden (1949 film)	director	George King (film director)
There Goes My Heart	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Meek's Cutoff	director	Kelly Reichardt
Norwegian Wood (film)	director	Tran Anh Hung
Attenberg	director	Athina Rachel Tsangari
Three (2010 film)	director	Tom Tykwer
Monsignor Renard	director	Malcolm Mowbray
Monsignor Renard	director	David Wheatley
Penny Paradise	director	Carol Reed
Mudda Mandaram	director	Jandhyala Subramanya Sastry
Ek Raja Ek Rani	director	Kushan Nandy
Yeh Saali Zindagi	director	Sudhir Mishra
Taxi (1996 film)	director	Carlos Saura
That Girl in Yellow Boots	director	Anurag Kashyap (director)
Mickey in School	director	Albert Herman
Mickey's Medicine Man	director	Jesse Duffy
Prison Train	director	Gordon Wiles
Mickey's Helping Hand	director	Jesse Duffy
1DOL	director	Ruel S. Bayani
Budrus (film)	director	Julia Bacha
Hotline (film)	director	Jerry Jameson
Learn How to Read and Write, Son	director	Thodoros Maragkos
And Then There Were Fewer	director	Dominic Polcino
Aim in Life (2008 dramaserial)	director	Masud Sejan
The Devil with Hitler	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Nila Kaalam	director	A.R.Gandhi Krishna
Advocate Lakshmanan – Ladies Only	director	Pappan Payattuvila
This Way of Life	director	Thomas Burstyn
Non ti pago!	director	Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia
I cuori infranti	director	Vittorio Caprioli
I cuori infranti	director	Gianni Puccini
Beach House (film)	director	Sergio Citti
Crook (film)	director	Mohit Suri
The Blues Brothers (film series)	director	John Landis
Io non spezzo... rompo	director	Bruno Corbucci
Il domestico	director	Luigi Filippo D'Amico
Il domestico	director	Ary Fernandes
The Make Believe Pirates	director	Marco Elter
While I Live	director	John Harlow (director)
Tutta la città canta	director	Riccardo Freda
Doomwatch (film)	director	Peter Sasdy
Catch As Catch Can (1967 film)	director	Franco Indovina
Satan's School for Girls (1973 film)	director	David Lowell Rich
Hermano (film)	director	Marcel Rasquin
The Brown Wallet	director	Michael Powell (director)
Fracchia la belva umana	director	Neri Parenti
L'onorata società	director	Riccardo Pazzaglia
Il ragazzo di campagna	director	Franco Castellano
Il ragazzo di campagna	director	Giuseppe Moccia
Il commissario Lo Gatto	director	Dino Risi
The Thursday	director	Dino Risi
Le pillole di Ercole	director	Luciano Salce
I'm in the Revue	director	Mario Soldati
Un giorno in pretura	director	Stefano Vanzina
Dream House (film)	director	Jim Sheridan
Eva Perón: The True Story	director	Juan Carlos Desanzo
Nights and Weekends	director	Greta Gerwig
Nights and Weekends	director	Joe Swanberg
Empty Cradle	director	Paul Schneider (director)
Jungle Gents	director	Edward Bernds
Bowery to Bagdad	director	Edward Bernds
Como En El Cine	director	Antulio Jimenez Pons
Sundelbolong	director	Sisworo Gautama Putra
The Happy Cricket and the Giant Bugs	director	Walbercy Ribas and Rafael Ribas
His Women	director	Ugo Tognazzi
Eccezzziunale... veramente	director	Carlo Vanzina
Vacanze di Natale	director	Carlo Vanzina
Compagni di scuola	director	Carlo Verdone
Call a Messenger	director	Arthur Lubin
Sanctum (film)	director	Alister Grierson
No Place to Hide (1981 film)	director	John Llewellyn Moxey
Mickey the Detective	director	Albert Herman
Min Dît: The Children of Diyarbakır	director	Miraz Bezar
Coffee & More	director	Arin Paul
The Voice of Merrill	director	John Gilling
Mickey's Big Game Hunt	director	Albert Herman
Mickey's Northwest Mounted	director	Albert Herman
Christmas Comes But Once a Year (Mad Men)	director	Michael Uppendahl
Terriers (TV series)	director	Craig Brewer
Mexico (TV series)	director	Lister Sinclair
Lord Jeff	director	Sam Wood
Scrappers	director	David Thies
Lady Blue Shanghai	director	David Lynch
Road to the North Pole	director	Greg Colton
On the Road (film)	director	Walter Salles
A Film Unfinished	director	Yael Hersonski
Glimpses/Impressions	director	Jean-François Pouliot
It's My Country Too: Muslim Americans	director	Clifford Bestall
Mickey's Rescue	director	Jesse Duffy
The Young Lovers	director	Anthony Asquith
Turtle Beach (film)	director	Stephen Wallace
The Woman in Black (2012 film)	director	James Watkins
Witch Hunt (1994 film)	director	Paul Schrader
Down Twisted	director	Albert Pyun
The Devil's Playground (2010 film)	director	Mark McQueen
Two Living, One Dead	director	Anthony Asquith
Altitude (film)	director	Kaare Andrews
Sinners' Holiday	director	John G. Adolfi
Don Juan (1969 film)	director	Jan Švankmajer
Secret Agent of Japan	director	Irving Pichel
The National Health (film)	director	Jack Gold
Mirrors 2	director	Víctor García (Spanish director)
Puncture (film)	director	Adam Kassen
Puncture (film)	director	Mark Kassen
Disney Shot Kennedy	director	David Lawrence (director)
Cave of Forgotten Dreams	director	Werner Herzog
For Love Alone	director	Stephen Wallace
The Boy Who Had Everything	director	Stephen Wallace
Stir (film)	director	Stephen Wallace
A Queda	director	Ruy Guerra
A Queda	director	Nelson Xavier
Ascensor	director	Tomás Muñoz
Jibon Niye Khela	director	Anjan Choudhury
Laskar Pelangi (film)	director	Riri Riza
The Moon and Other Lovers	director	Bernd Böhlich
Uncensored (film)	director	Anthony Asquith
Charlie Chan in City in Darkness	director	Herbert I. Leeds
Inside of Me	director	Robert X. Golphin
Mr. Peek-a-Boo	director	Jean Boyer
¡Anita, no te rajes!	director	Danny Gavidia
A Cottage on Dartmoor	director	Anthony Asquith
Matte mungaru	director	Dwarki
Qiao's Grand Courtyard (2006 TV series)	director	Hu Mei
My Father's Happy Years	director	Sándor Simó
Advantage (film)	director	Georgi Djulgerov
Manuel Belgrano (film)	director	Juan J. Campanella
Mr. Monk Is At Your Service	director	Anton Cropper
A Broken Sole	director	Antony Marsellis
Last Plane Out	director	David Nelson (actor)
The Net (1953 film)	director	Anthony Asquith
Maxxie and Anwar	director	Chris Clough
One Day (film)	director	Lone Scherfig
Two Fathers (film)	director	Anthony Asquith
The Last Trick	director	Jan Švankmajer
The Night Walker (film)	director	William Castle
Perdues dans New York	director	Jean Rollin
Boomi Malayalam	director	T. V. Chandran
Bank Brothers	director	Kenneth Guertin
My Trip to the Dark Side (film)	director	Shane Stanley
The Silent Village	director	Humphrey Jennings
Lone Wolf (film)	director	Roman Balayan
Penetration Angst	director	Wolfgang Büld
Have Faith	director	Noam Pitlik
Kolpaçino	director	Atıl İnaç
The Governor (film)	director	M. Çağatay Tosun
Son of Pakistan	director	Jarar Rizvi
Public Relations (Mad Men)	director	Phil Abraham
It All Came True	director	Lewis Seiler
Closed Circuit (film)	director	Giuliano Montaldo
The Teacher (1977 film)	director	Octavio Cortázar
Rail (1967 short film)	director	Geoffrey Jones
Vinyan	director	Fabrice Du Welz
The Lame Devil (film)	director	Sacha Guitry
Flaming Hearts	director	Walter Bockmayer
Flaming Hearts	director	Rolf Bührmann
Paper Flowers (1977 film)	director	Gabriel Retes
Metal Skin	director	Geoffrey Wright
Jail Busters	director	William Beaudine
Jörg Ratgeb – Painter	director	Bernhard Stephan
Sticky Fingers (1988 film)	director	Catlin Adams
Land of the Minotaur	director	Kostas Karagiannis
No Rest for the Wicked (Supernatural)	director	Kim Manners
Sex Pot (2009 film)	director	Eric Forsberg
Daybreak (1948 film)	director	Compton Bennett
The Amazing Mrs. Holliday	director	Bruce Manning
The Amazing Mrs. Holliday	director	Jean Renoir
The Good News (Mad Men)	director	Jennifer Getzinger
Krishnan Love Story	director	Shashank
Moritz, Dear Moritz	director	Hark Bohm
The New Adventures of Chor Lau-heung (1984 TV series)	director	Johnnie To
Rhinegold (film)	director	Niklaus Schilling
Death of a President (1977 film)	director	Jerzy Kawalerowicz
Premium Rush	director	David Koepp
The Far Road	director	Sachiko Hidari
One Page of Love	director	Maurice Rabinowicz
Get Lamp	director	Jason Scott Sadofsky
Submarine X-1	director	William A. Graham (director)
Five Cities	director	Onur Ünlü
Chuck Versus the Suitcase	director	Gail Mancuso
Chuck Versus the Anniversary	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
The Great Game (Sherlock)	director	Paul McGuigan (filmmaker)
So Little Time (film)	director	Compton Bennett
Love, Bitter	director	A. Taner Elhan
Raising Hell (film)	director	Ed Webb-Ingall
Dig That Uranium	director	Edward Bernds
Crashing Las Vegas	director	Jean Yarbrough
Fighting Trouble	director	George Blair
It Started in Paradise	director	Compton Bennett
The Price of a Song	director	Michael Powell (director)
Aphrodite World Tour	director	William Baker (fashion designer)
Timbuktu (film)	director	Jacques Tourneur
Naadody (1992 film)	director	Thampi Kannanthanam
Bush Family Fortunes: The Best Democracy Money Can Buy	director	Steven Grandison
Bush Family Fortunes: The Best Democracy Money Can Buy	director	Greg Palast
GIBH	director	Ling Chen
Rape! 13th Hour	director	Yasuharu Hasebe
Forbidden Ground	director	Pál Gábor
Voyage with Jacob	director	Pál Gábor
A járvány	director	Pál Gábor
Horizon (film)	director	Pál Gábor
Angi Vera	director	Pál Gábor
Kettévált mennyezet	director	Pál Gábor
Hosszú vágta	director	Pál Gábor
A menyasszony gyönyörű volt	director	Pál Gábor
Goal! (trilogy)	director	Danny Cannon
Goal! (trilogy)	director	Jaume Collet-Serra
Goal! (trilogy)	director	Andrew Morahan
Good Grief (TV series)	director	Howard Storm (director)
Good Grief (TV series)	director	Jerry Lewis
Napoli, Napoli, Napoli	director	Abel Ferrara
The Hardy Boys (1969 TV series)	director	Hal Sutherland
Time of the Comet	director	Fatmir Koçi
Adventures of Sherlock Holmes; or, Held for Ransom	director	J. Stuart Blackton
Hold That Hypnotist	director	Austin Jewell
Mickey's Surprise	director	Albert Herman
Snow Prince	director	Joji Matsuoka
Boardwalk Empire (episode)	director	Martin Scorsese
Kingdoms of Grace	director	Nastasha Baron
My Country, My Name	director	Alexandre Ribeiro de Sá
My Country, My Name	director	André Minoru Asai
Time (2007 film)	director	Shaji Kailas
Detective (2007 film)	director	Jithu Joseph
Lal Salam (1990 film)	director	Venu Nagavally
Birdseye (film)	director	Stephen Beckner
Birdseye (film)	director	Michael C. Huber
Dr. Pasupathy	director	Shaji Kailas
Band Waggon (film)	director	Marcel Varnel
The Ticket of Leave Man	director	George King (film director)
Phir Wohi Raat	director	Danny Denzongpa
The Big Bounce (1960 film)	director	Jerry Fairbanks
Submarine I-57 Will Not Surrender	director	Shūe Matsubayashi
Brought by the Sea	director	Nesli Çölgeçen
J8ded	director	Nikki (singer)
For You Alone	director	Geoffrey Faithfull
Assault (film)	director	Sidney Hayers
The Mad Doctor (film)	director	Tim Whelan
Plavi 9	director	Krešo Golik
Plavi 9	director	Ante Babaja
Plavi 9	director	Vladimir Krstulović
Charlie Chan's Chance	director	John G. Blystone
The Cartoon	director	Andy Ackerman
A Charming Man	director	Martin Frič
Business Under Distress	director	Karel Lamač
Business Under Distress	director	Martin Frič
Tři vejce do skla	director	Martin Frič
The Ruined Shopkeeper	director	Martin Frič
Waiter, Scarper!	director	Ladislav Smoljak
Focus, Please!	director	Martin Frič
Zítra vstanu a opařím se čajem	director	Jindřich Polák
Eastbound & Down	director	Jody Hill
Eastbound & Down	director	David Gordon Green
Adhipan	director	K. Madhu
Maria Marten, or the Mystery of the Red Barn	director	Maurice Elvey
Milestones (film)	director	Thomas Bentley
The Amazing Quest of Mr. Ernest Bliss	director	Henry Edwards (actor)
The Adventures of Mr. Pickwick	director	Thomas Bentley
The Narrow Valley	director	Cecil Hepworth
That Woman Opposite	director	Compton Bennett
Blue's Big Musical Movie	director	Todd Kessler
Azhagarsamiyin Kudhirai	director	Suseenthiran
Priya Amar Priya	director	Bodul Alam Kokun
London (1926 film)	director	Herbert Wilcox
National Museum of Fine Arts, Chişinău	director	Auguste Baillayre
Strawberry Roan (film)	director	Maurice Elvey
Dear Murderer	director	Arthur Crabtree
Ik Kudi Punjab Di	director	Manmohan Singh (director)
Paanch	director	Anurag Kashyap (director)
Big Easy to Big Empty: The Untold Story of the Drowning of New Orleans	director	Greg Palast
Sohni Mahiwal (film)	director	Raja Nawathe
Son of India (1962 film)	director	Mehboob Khan
Rynox	director	Michael Powell (director)
How Sleep the Brave	director	Lindsay Shonteff
Someday (film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
Reveille (film)	director	George Pearson (filmmaker)
Woman to Woman (1923 film)	director	Graham Cutts
Woman to Woman (1923 film)	director	Alfred Hitchcock
On the Nose (film)	director	David Caffrey
Born Lucky (film)	director	Michael Powell (director)
Pars: Operation Cherry	director	Osman Sınav
The Star Reporter	director	Michael Powell (director)
Mangammagari Manavadu	director	Kodi Ramakrishna
Tangier (film)	director	George Waggner
The Pink Doll (film)	director	Valentin Olshvang
1732 Høtten	director	Karin Julsrud
1958 (film)	director	Oddvar Bull Tuhus
My Friend the King	director	Michael Powell (director)
1996: Pust på meg!	director	Eva Dahr
1996: Pust på meg!	director	Oddvar Einarson
1996: Pust på meg!	director	Mona J. Hoel
1996: Pust på meg!	director	Marius Holst
1996: Pust på meg!	director	Eva Isaksen
3 (film)	director	Nicole Macé
37 1/2	director	Vibeke Idsøe
5 Lies	director	Lars Daniel Krutzkoff Jacobsen
50/50 (1982 film)	director	Oddvar Bull Tuhus
80 Degrees East of Birdland	director	Sølvi A. Lindseth
The Oranges (film)	director	Julian Farino
A Commuter Kind of Love	director	Hans Otto Nicolayssen
A Doll's Dream	director	Ivo Caprino
The Adventures of Chuck and Friends	director	Don Kim
A Story About Love	director	Aune Sand
Abort (film)	director	Vibeke Løkkeberg
Absolute Hangover	director	Petter Næss
Afrikaneren	director	Barthold Halle
Flight from Singapore	director	Dudley Birch
Faces in the Dark	director	David Eady (film director)
A ménesgazda	director	András Kovács
The First Time (2009 Film)	director	Barbara Topsøe-Rothenborg
Alle tiders kupp	director	Øyvind Vennerød
Alt for Egil	director	Tore Rygh
Small Town Story	director	Montgomery Tully
Down for Life (film)	director	Alan Jacobs
Maids (film)	director	Fernando Meirelles
L'été en pente douce	director	Gérard Krawczyk
An-Magritt	director	Arne Skouen
Second Half	director	Hilde Heier
Andrine og Kjell	director	Kåre Bergstrøm
Angst (1976 film)	director	Oddvar Bull Tuhus
Anny – Story of a Prostitute	director	Adam Eriksen
Anton (film)	director	Per Blom
Arme, syndige menneske	director	Egil Kolstø
The Aurora Encounter	director	Jim McCullough, Sr.
Bak sju hav	director	Saeed Anjum
Bak sju hav	director	Espen Thorstenson
The First Polka	director	Klaus Emmerich (director)
Baldevins bryllup	director	George Schnéevoigt
Ballad of the Masterthief Ole Hoiland	director	Knut Andersen
Heart of the Forest	director	Manuel Gutiérrez Aragón
Ballen i øyet	director	Catrine Telle
Bare et liv – Historien om Fridtjof Nansen	director	Sergey Mikaelyan
Bare på jobb	director	Kjell Hammerø
Barn av solen	director	Arne Skouen
Bedre enn sitt rykte	director	Edith Carlmar
Begynnelsen på en historie	director	Margarete Robsahm
Belønningen	director	Bjørn Lien
Alexandria... Why?	director	Youssef Chahine
Vadina	director	M. V. Raman
Kassbach – Ein Porträt	director	Peter Patzak
Kejsaren	director	Jösta Hagelbäck
Betrayal (1981 film)	director	Vibeke Løkkeberg
Betrayal (2009 film)	director	Håkon Gundersen
Bikinisesongen	director	Runar Jarle Wiik
Bjurra	director	Kåre Bergstrøm
Bjørnepatruljen	director	Carsten Byhring
Rush Hour (1941 film)	director	Anthony Asquith
Blackout (1986 film)	director	Erik Gustavson
Blood of the Railroad Workers	director	Erik Solbakken (director)
Blücher (film)	director	Oddvar Bull Tuhus
Body Troopers	director	Vibeke Idsøe
Bør Børson Jr.	director	Jan Erik Düring
Vigilante (film)	director	William Lustig
Uncle Sam (film)	director	William Lustig
The White Game	director	Roy Andersson
The White Game	director	Bo Widerberg
Focus Grill	director	Loren Bouchard
To Be a Lady	director	George King (film director)
Drömkåken	director	Peter Dalle
Deewana (1952 film)	director	Abdul Rashid Kardar
Moby Dick (2010 film)	director	Trey Stokes
Asahiyama Zoo Story: Penguins in the Sky	director	Masahiko Makino
Meetings with Remarkable Men (film)	director	Peter Brook
Messidor (film)	director	Alain Tanner
Winterborn (film)	director	Astrid Henning-Jensen
Night of the Juggler	director	Robert Butler (director)
30 Minutes or Less	director	Ruben Fleischer
Hanna (film)	director	Joe Wright
Les chevaux de bois	director	Georges Méliès
Le chiffonnier	director	Georges Méliès
Cortège de tzar allant à Versailles	director	Georges Méliès
Cortège de tzar au Bois de Boulogne	director	Georges Méliès
Couronnement de la rosière	director	Georges Méliès
Dancing Darkies	director	William Kennedy Dickson
Dancing Girls	director	Birt Acres
Danse serpentine	director	Georges Méliès
Dessinateur express	director	Georges Méliès
Dessinateur: Chamberlain	director	Georges Méliès
Dessinateur: Reine Victoria	director	Georges Méliès
Dessinateur: Von Bismark	director	Georges Méliès
Dix chapeaux en 60 secondes	director	Georges Méliès
Déchargement de bateaux	director	Georges Méliès
Seeking Asylum (film)	director	Marco Ferreri
Sabrina the Teenage Witch (1970 TV series)	director	Hal Sutherland
Amar Praner Priya	director	Jakir Hossain Raju
Crossover Dreams	director	Leon Ichaso
Der Preis fürs Überleben	director	Hans Noever
Dan Vs.	director	Matt Danner
Dan Vs.	director	Bill Kopp
Dan Vs.	director	Brian Sheesley
How to Save a Marriage and Ruin Your Life	director	Fielder Cook
Seize the Day (film)	director	Fielder Cook
Škola základ života	director	Martin Frič
Barbora Hlavsová	director	Martin Frič
Lost in the Suburbs	director	Martin Frič
FESTED: A Journey to Fest 7	director	Reese Lester
The Secret of Blood	director	Martin Frič
The Red Siren	director	Olivier Megaton
Post No Bills (1896 film)	director	Georges Méliès
51 (film)	director	Jason Connery
Démolition d'un mur	director	Auguste and Louis Lumière
Départ des automobiles	director	Georges Méliès
Départ des officiers	director	Georges Méliès
Effets de mer sur les rochers	director	Georges Méliès
Enfants jouant sur la plage	director	Georges Méliès
Escamotage d'une dame au théâtre Robert Houdin	director	Georges Méliès
Sexton Blake and the Hooded Terror	director	George King (film director)
Hapus	director	Abhijeet Satam
Voices (1973 film)	director	Kevin Billington
Custard Pie (TV series)	director	Perry Rosemond
But Not in Vain	director	Edmond T. Gréville
Scream of the Banshee	director	Steven C. Miller
You Know What Sailors Are (1928 film)	director	Maurice Elvey
Nagina (film)	director	Harmesh Malhotra
Mademoiselle from Armentieres (film)	director	Maurice Elvey
Plus Two (film)	director	Shebi Chavakkad
The Rejected (Mad Men)	director	John Slattery
The King of Kings (1963 film)	director	Martin Frič
S čerty nejsou žerty	director	Hynek Bočan
Woodshop (film)	director	Pete Coggan
Muro: Damn the Humanist Inside	director	Zübeyr Şaşmaz
The Orchestra Conductor	director	Andrzej Wajda
The Ottoman Republic	director	Gani Müjde
The Last Lovecraft: Relic of Cthulhu	director	Henry Saine
The Elite Squad 2	director	José Padilha
The Shadow Riders (film)	director	Andrew McLaglen
Horrible Bosses	director	Seth Gordon
The Masked Gang: Cyprus	director	Murat Aslan (filmmaker)
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (2011 film)	director	David Fincher
The Finished People	director	Khoa Do
Nice Guy Johnny	director	Edward Burns
Total Badass	director	Bob Ray
Aada Paduchu	director	K. Hemambharadhara Rao
Le p'tit Parigot	director	René Le Somptier
Bør Børson Jr. (1938)	director	Toralf Sandø
Bornholms stemme	director	Lotte Svendsen
A Matter of Fat	director	William Weintraub
Bortreist på ubestemt tid (film)	director	Pål Bang-Hansen
Boys from the Streets	director	Ulf Greber
Boys from the Streets	director	Arne Skouen
Bra mennesker	director	Leif Sinding
Brannen	director	Haakon Sandøy
The Three Musketeers (2011 film)	director	Paul W. S. Anderson
World's Finest (fan film)	director	Sandy Collora
The Enemy (1979 film)	director	Zeki Ökten
The Enemy (1979 film)	director	Yılmaz Güney
The Masked Gang	director	Murat Aslan (filmmaker)
Hindle Wakes (1927 film)	director	Maurice Elvey
The Good Bad Egg	director	Jules White
Jhummandi Naadam	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Speedtrap (film)	director	Earl Bellamy
The Telephone (film)	director	Rip Torn
Hail and Farewell (film)	director	Ralph Ince
The Tenderfoot (1964)	director	Robert L. Friend
The Tenderfoot (1964)	director	Byron Paul
Uppalawanna (film)	director	Prof. Sunil Ariyaratne
The Bear (Two Guys and a Girl)	director	Donald Beck
The Bear (Two Guys and a Girl)	director	Rocko's Modern Life
Mallepoovu	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
Adventures of a Teenage Dragon Slayer	director	Andrew Lauer
Halloween on Spooner Street	director	Jerry Langford
The Freshman (Gossip Girl)	director	Norman Buckley
The Winemakers	director	Kevin Whelan
Mutharamkunnu P.O.	director	Sibi Malayil
The Tourist (2010 film)	director	Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck
The Last Trackers of the Outback	director	Eric Ellena
Innocents with Dirty Hands	director	Claude Chabrol
The Return of Carol Deane	director	Arthur B. Woods
Johnny, You're Wanted	director	Vernon Sewell
Invisible Bullets (short film)	director	Chris Lane
Kitty (1929 film)	director	Victor Saville
Radisson (TV series)	director	Pierre Gauvreau
Bruce and Pepper Wayne Gacy's Home Movies	director	Bruce LaBruce
Bruce and Pepper Wayne Gacy's Home Movies	director	Candy Parker
Go, Yellow	director	Dražen Žarković
Hollywood (2002 film)	director	Dinesh Baboo
Someday This Pain Will Be Useful to You (film)	director	Roberto Faenza
The Suite Life Sets Sail	director	Jim Drake (director)
Belles de Jour	director	Mark Piznarski
Kiss the Bride Goodbye	director	Paul L. Stein
The Victim (2011 film)	director	Michael Biehn
Ben & Sam	director	Mark Shandii Bacolod
Wedding in Bessarabia	director	Napolen Helmis
Rusalka (1996 film)	director	Aleksandr Petrov (animator)
Habana Eva	director	Fina Torres
Poison Pen (film)	director	Paul L. Stein
Project X (1968 film)	director	William Castle
Latin Quarter (film)	director	Vernon Sewell
The Young Runaways	director	Arthur Dreifuss
Jaganmohini (1978 film)	director	B. Vittalacharya
Saigon Electric	director	Stephane Gauger
Magnificent Warriors	director	David Chung
Cougars, Inc.	director	Asher Leven
Neelambari	director	Harinarayanan
Chico and Rita	director	Fernando Trueba
Chico and Rita	director	Javier Mariscal
Angel Enforcers	director	Godfrey Ho
She Shoots Straight	director	Corey Yuen
XX: Beautiful Hunter	director	Masaru Konuma
Mari's Prey	director	Keiichirō Yoshida
The Raven's Dance	director	Markku Lehmuskallio
You Me and Captain Longbridge	director	Kenny Doughty
The World Owes Me a Living	director	Vernon Sewell
The Black Widow (1951 film)	director	Vernon Sewell
Playing Beatie Bow (film)	director	Donald Crombie
Apology (TV film)	director	Robert Bierman
Kuro no tenshi Vol. 1	director	Takashi Ishii
Kuro no tenshi Vol. 2	director	Takashi Ishii
Farewell, My Love	director	Randall Fontana
Gun Crazy 3: The Big Gundown	director	Atsushi Muroga
XX: Beautiful Prey	director	Toshiharu Ikeda
XX: Beautiful Beast	director	Toshiharu Ikeda
The Tripods (TV series)	director	Graham Theakston
The Tripods (TV series)	director	Christopher Barry
The Tripods (TV series)	director	Bob Blagden
The Widow of Montiel	director	Miguel Littín
Electric Moon	director	Pradip Krishen
Le Voyage en douce	director	Michel Deville
Replacing Dad	director	Joyce Chopra
Burnt by Frost	director	Knut Erik Jensen
Broder Gabrielsen	director	Nils R. Müller
Marigolds in August (film)	director	Ross Devenish
Brudebuketten	director	Bjørn Breigutu
Brudeferden i Hardanger	director	Rasmus Breistein
Brudekronen	director	Walter Fyrst
Take Care of My Little Girl	director	Jean Negulesco
Brun bitter	director	Sølve Skagen
Bryllupet	director	Leidulv Risan
Bryllupsfesten	director	Petter Vennerød
Bryllupsfesten	director	Svend Wam
Bryllupsfotografen	director	Johan Bergenstråhle (director)
Chuck Versus the Cubic Z	director	Norman Buckley
Magic Island (film)	director	Sam Irvin
The Girl and the Oak	director	Krešo Golik
The Jubilee of Mr Ikel	director	Vatroslav Mimica
Don't Look Back, My Son	director	Branko Bauer
Alphabet of Fear	director	Fadil Hadžić
The Key (1965 film)	director	Krsto Papić
The Key (1965 film)	director	Antun Vrdoljak
Kaya (film)	director	Vatroslav Mimica
Illusion (1967 film)	director	Krsto Papić
Three Hours to Love	director	Fadil Hadžić
An Event	director	Vatroslav Mimica
The Fed One	director	Vatroslav Mimica
The Scene of the Crash	director	Zvonimir Berković
Whichever Way the Ball Bounces	director	Rajko Grlić
The House (1975 film)	director	Bogdan Žižić
Anno Domini 1573	director	Vatroslav Mimica
Operation Stadium	director	Dušan Vukotić
The Rat Savior	director	Krsto Papić
Vuk samotnjak	director	Obrad Gluščević
The Last Mission of Demolitions Man Cloud	director	Vatroslav Mimica
Whatever You Can Spare	director	Bogdan Žižić
The Edifying and Joyous Story of Colinot	director	Nina Companéez
Bird in a Cage	director	Antonio Zarro
The Wind of Change (film)	director	Vernon Sewell
Don Juan, or If Don Juan Were a Woman	director	Roger Vadim
The Ghosts of Berkeley Square	director	Vernon Sewell
Spook Chasers	director	George Blair
Rain (2008 film)	director	Maria Govan
Squadron Leader X	director	Lance Comfort
Marmalade Revolution	director	Erland Josephson
Ayyanar (film)	director	Rajamithran
Strumpet City (TV miniseries)	director	Tony Barry
Solo Sunny	director	Konrad Wolf
Solo Sunny	director	Wolfgang Kohlhaase
Transit (1979 film)	director	Daniel Wachsmann
Buicken – store gutter gråter ikke	director	Hans Otto Nicolaysen
The Gunfight at Dodge City	director	Joseph M. Newman
First Day (The Inbetweeners)	director	Damon Beesley
First Day (The Inbetweeners)	director	Iain Morris
Love That Brute	director	Alexander Hall
Burning Flowers	director	Eva Dahr
Burning Flowers	director	Eva Isaksen
Bustenskjold	director	Helge Lunde
Bunk Off (The Inbetweeners)	director	Damon Beesley
Thorpe Park (The Inbetweeners)	director	Damon Beesley
By og land hand i hand	director	Olav Dalgard
Girlfriend (The Inbetweeners)	director	Damon Beesley
Byttinger	director	Sigve Endresen
Caravan Club (The Inbetweeners)	director	Damon Beesley
Bør Børson II	director	Stein-Roger Bull
The Tillman Story	director	Amir Bar-Lev
Baanam	director	Chaitanya Dantuluri
The Flaming Urge	director	Harold Ericson
The Big Chance	director	Albert Herman
Lost, Lonely and Vicious	director	Frank Myers (director)
Night Mayor	director	Guy Maddin
Kohlhiesels Töchter (1920 film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Jacktown	director	William Martin
Johnny Come Lately	director	William K. Howard
Flowers of Evil (Police Woman)	director	Alexander Singer
Arthur (2011 film)	director	Jason Winer
Submarine Base (1943 film)	director	Albert H. Kelley
One Canadian: The Political Memoirs of the Rt. Hon. John G. Diefenbaker	director	Munroe Scott
On Guard For Thee	director	Donald Brittain
Kustom Kar Kommandos	director	Kenneth Anger
The Constant Nymph (1943 film)	director	Edmund Goulding
Družba Pere Kvržice (film)	director	Vladimir Tadej
Beyond Hypothermia (film)	director	Patrick Leung
Cosi (film)	director	Mark Joffe
Visitors from the Galaxy	director	Dušan Vukotić
Cyclops (1982 film)	director	Antun Vrdoljak
Early Snow in Munich	director	Bogdan Žižić
Tajna starog tavana	director	Vladimir Tadej
In the Jaws of Life	director	Rajko Grlić
Love Letters with Intent	director	Zvonimir Berković
Three for Happiness	director	Rajko Grlić
Aloa: Festivity of the Whores	director	Lordan Zafranović
Evening Bells	director	Lordan Zafranović
That Summer of White Roses	director	Rajko Grlić
Eagle (film)	director	Zoran Tadić
The Price of Life	director	Bogdan Žižić
Washed Out (film)	director	Zrinko Ogresta
Russian Meat	director	Lukas Nola
When the Dead Start Singing	director	Krsto Papić
Aalkkoottathil Thaniye	director	I. V. Sasi
Josephine (film)	director	Rajko Grlić
Headnoise (film)	director	Andrej Košak
The Doctor of Craziness	director	Fadil Hadžić
The One Who Will Stay Unnoticed	director	Zvonimir Jurić
Here (2003 film)	director	Zrinko Ogresta
Witnesses (film)	director	Vinko Brešan
What Iva Recorded	director	Tomislav Radić
The Lika Cinema	director	Dalibor Matanić
The Society of Jesus	director	Silvije Petranovic
Sorry for Kung Fu	director	Ognjen Sviličić
Sex, Drink and Bloodshed	director	Zvonimir Jurić
Sex, Drink and Bloodshed	director	Boris T. Matić
Sex, Drink and Bloodshed	director	Antonio Nuić
Accidental Co-Traveller	director	Srećko Jurdana
100 Minutes of Glory	director	Dalibor Matanić
Two Players from the Bench	director	Dejan Sorak
First Class Thieves	director	Fadil Hadžić
Sleep Sweet, My Darling	director	Neven Hitrec
Pušća Bistra	director	Filip Šovagović
I Love You (2005 Croatian film)	director	Dalibor Matanić
The Border Post	director	Rajko Grlić
The Melon Route	director	Branko Schmidt
The Living and the Dead (2007 film)	director	Kristijan Milic
Play Me a Love Song	director	Goran Kulenovic
Donkey (film)	director	Antonio Nuić
Where the Penguins Fly	director	Josip Vujčić
Metastases (film)	director	Branko Schmidt
Rookie of the Year (1955 TV drama)	director	John Ford
Pandu Pandoru Rajakumari	director	Viji Thampi
Ranczo (TV series)	director	Robert Brutter
Ranczo (TV series)	director	Jerzy Niemczuk
Vexed (TV series)	director	Matt Lipsey
Hard Guy	director	Elmer Clifton
License to Steele	director	Robert Butler (director)
40 Days of Musa Dagh	director	Sarky Mouradian
Déjà Vu (1997 film)	director	Henry Jaglom
Praying with Lior	director	Ilana Trachtman
Napoleon and Love	director	Derek Bennett (director)
Napoleon and Love	director	Reginald Collin
Napoleon and Love	director	Jonathan Alwyn
La nudité toute nue	director	Olivier Nicklaus
Indrajaalam	director	Thampi Kannanthanam
Aniyan Bava Chetan Bava	director	Rajasenan
Man at Bath	director	Christophe Honoré
Les Trottoirs de Bangkok	director	Jean Rollin
Love for Rent	director	Shane Edelman
Mortel Transfert	director	Jean-Jacques Beineix
Delayed Action	director	John Harlow (director)
The Man Without Desire	director	Adrian Brunel
Spellbound (1941 film)	director	John Harlow (director)
The Mouth Agape	director	Maurice Pialat
The Way (film)	director	Emilio Estevez
The Last Enemy (Space: 1999)	director	Bob Kellett
Swapna Lokathe Balabhaskaran	director	Rajasenan
A Wall of Silence	director	Lita Stantic
Man in the Mirror (film)	director	Maurice Elvey
Xmas Party	director	Damon Beesley
The Field Trip	director	Damon Beesley
Two Tickets to India	director	Roman Abelevich Kachanov
The Obama Deception: The Mask Comes Off	director	Alex Jones (radio host)
Work Experience (The Inbetweeners)	director	Damon Beesley
Cserebere	director	László Cserépy
Will's Birthday	director	Damon Beesley
A Night Out in London	director	Damon Beesley
The Duke of Edinburgh Awards	director	Damon Beesley
Exam Time	director	Damon Beesley
Irány Mexikó!	director	Éva Zsurzs
6 Guns	director	Shane Van Dyke
Orient Express (1943 film)	director	László Cserépy
Magyar vándor	director	Gábor Herendi
Unrelated	director	Joanna Hogg
Franconia Sculpture Park	director	John Hock, Sculptor
Arie (film)	director	Roman Romanovich Kachanov
The Darkness Within (film)	director	Dom Portalla
Dangerous Money	director	Terry O. Morse
The Last Days of Frankie the Fly	director	Peter Markle
Blighty (film)	director	Adrian Brunel
The Chinese Ring	director	William Beaudine
Blonde Ice	director	Jack Bernhard
The Chrysanthemum and the Sword (Mad Men)	director	Lesli Linka Glatter
Amigo (film)	director	John Sayles
Unos Pocos con Valor	director	Douglas Martin
The World and the Woman	director	Frank Lloyd
The World and the Woman	director	Eugene Moore
He's a Crowd	director	Elodie Keene
Neythukaran	director	Priyanandanan
Antardwand	director	Sushil Rajpal
Loving Glances	director	Srđan Karanović
Suing the Devil	director	Tim Chey
Vanthaan Vendraan	director	R. Kannan
My Brother is a Dog	director	Peter Timm
Petrang Kabayo	director	Wenn V. Deramas
Megvédtem egy asszonyt	director	Ákos Ráthonyi
La vacanza	director	Tinto Brass
Helen of Four Gates	director	Cecil Hepworth
Angèle (film)	director	Marcel Pagnol
Nakshthrakoodaram	director	Joshi (director)
I'm Still Here (film)	director	Casey Affleck
The Passionate Adventure	director	Graham Cutts
Unnikale Oru Kadha Parayam	director	Kamal (director)
Aayirappara	director	Venu Nagavally
Wydarzenia	director	Jarosław Gugała
Phua Chu Kang The Movie	director	Boris Boo
Dropout (1970 film)	director	Tinto Brass
La Vie sexuelle des Belges 1950-1978	director	Jan Bucquoy
Göta kanal 3: Kanalkungens hemlighet	director	Christjan Wegner
Pot-Bellied Pigs (Dr. Katz)	director	Tom Snyder (animator)
Eksperimentet	director	Louise Friedberg
Grazilda	director	Dominic Zapata
Matching Jack	director	Nadia Tass
Harder, Better, Faster, Browner	director	Ian Graham
Ninaivellam Nithya	director	C. V. Sridhar
Pilot (The New Adventures of Old Christine)	director	Andy Ackerman
Mickey's Mix-Up	director	Albert Herman
Mel (film)	director	Joey Travolta
A Bit of Tom Jones?	director	Peter Watkins-Hughes
Dead Man's Treasure	director	Nikos Tsiforos
O skliros andras	director	Giannis Dalianidis
O skliros andras	director	Andreas Andreadakis
Thema syneidiseos	director	Petros Lykas
The Last Sunset (Space: 1999)	director	Charles Crichton
Lost Girl (TV series)	director	John Fawcett (director)
My Dear Muthachan	director	Sathyan Anthikad
TPB AFK	director	Simon Klose
The Phantom (1931 film)	director	Alan James
The Scarlet Clue	director	Phil Rosen
Inside the Law	director	Hamilton MacFadden
Riding on Air	director	Edward Sedgwick
The Moonstone (film)	director	Reginald Barker
Lady Windermere's Fan (1925 film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Holes in the Soup	director	Povl Erik Carstensen
Thalasthanam	director	Shaji Kailas
The Inventor	director	Kurt Gloor
Der Neger Erwin	director	Herbert Achternbusch
Muran (film)	director	Rajjan Madhav
Randam Bhavam (2001 film)	director	Lal Jose
Twenty Six Days from the Life of Dostoyevsky	director	Aleksandr Zarkhi
Fever (1981 film)	director	Agnieszka Holland
Ruby (1977 film)	director	Curtis Harrington
Totally Tracked Down	director	Romano D'Andrea
Totally Tracked Down	director	Carolyn Meland
Melvin (film)	director	Chris Ohlson
Earthquake (Modern Family)	director	Michael Spiller
Waldorf Stories	director	Scott Hornbacher
We Two Are One Too	director	Sophie Muller
Gaayam 2	director	Praveen Sri
Head On (1980 film)	director	Michael Grant (producer)
Il minestrone	director	Sergio Citti
Little Alien	director	Nina Kusturica
The Truck	director	Christo Christov
Naane Ennul Illai	director	Jayachitra
Köszönöm, megvagyunk	director	László Lugossy
La provinciale (1981 film)	director	Claude Goretta
Le Grand Paysage d'Alexis Droeven	director	Jean-Jacques Andrien
Deadly Hero	director	Ivan Nagy (director)
Luang ta	director	Permphol Cheyaroon
Maravillas	director	Manuel Gutiérrez Aragón
Impatient Vivek	director	Rahat Kazmi
The Suitcase	director	Jennifer Getzinger
Children of the Stars	director	Rob Aspey
Gia mia houfta touvla	director	Takis Vougiouklakis
Klassiki periptosi vlavis	director	Takis Vougiouklakis
Toxic Zombies	director	Charles McCrann
One Hundred Mornings	director	Conor Horgan
Turtle: The Incredible Journey	director	Nick Stringer (film director)
Buick Riviera (film)	director	Goran Rušinović
Anastezsi	director	Miguel Alcantud
Sing Sing (1983 film)	director	Sergio Corbucci
The Mystery of the Wolf	director	Raimo O Niemi
G (documentary)	director	Shonie De La Rosa
G (documentary)	director	Larry Blackhorse Lowe
X-Men: First Class	director	Matthew Vaughn
The Locket (2002 film)	director	Karen Arthur
Martha (1974 film)	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Beware of a Holy Whore	director	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Milka – A Film About Taboos	director	Rauni Mollberg
Laughing Boy (1934 film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Vrijdag	director	Hugo Claus
Crime and Punishment (2002 film)	director	Menahem Golan
Resident Evil (film series)	director	Paul W. S. Anderson
Resident Evil (film series)	director	Alexander Witt
Resident Evil (film series)	director	Russell Mulcahy
Vrudhanmare Sookshikkuka	director	Sunil (director)
O, more, more!	director	Yefim Gamburg
A Long Haul	director	Nathaniel Kramer
Final Shot: The Hank Gathers Story	director	Charles Braverman
The Last Post (film)	director	Dinah Shurey
Sex with a Smile	director	Sergio Martino
Man's Best Friend (1935 film)	director	Edward A. Kull
Happiness Is	director	Andrew Shapter
Kids in America (film)	director	Josh Stolberg
Be There or Be Square	director	Feng Xiaogang
Cookies & Cream (film)	director	Cookies & Cream (film)
The Shell Seekers (film)	director	Piers Haggard
Uninvited (1999 film)	director	Carlo Gabriel Nero
Hands and Knees	director	Lynn Shelton
Chinese Wall (Mad Men)	director	Phil Abraham
Tomorrowland (Mad Men)	director	Matthew Weiner
Loanshark (film)	director	Jay Jennings
Bantatay	director	Don Michael Perez
Crayon Shin-chan: The Storm Called: The Adult Empire Strikes Back	director	Keiichi Hara
Orange (2010 Malayalam film)	director	Biju Varkey
Cabin Fever (2000 film)	director	Mona J. Hoel
Cafe X	director	Walter Fyrst
Cecilia (1954 film)	director	Solvejg Eriksen
Cellofan – med døden til følge	director	Eva Isaksen
Visoki napon	director	Aleksandar Tijanić
Crayon (film)	director	Dean A. Burhanuddin
Yuvan Yuvathi	director	G. N. R. Kumaravelan
The Betrayed (2008 film)	director	Amanda Gusack
The New Man in Charge	director	Paul Edwards
Imortal	director	Chito Roño
Pink Eye (film)	director	James Tucker (film director)
My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic	director	Jayson Thiessen
My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic	director	James Wootton (director)
Killer Housewives	director	Javier Rebollo
Heat Wave (1990 film)	director	Kevin Hooks
The Battle of Rogue River	director	William Castle
Sunset Strip (film)	director	Adam Collis
No Room at the Inn	director	Daniel Birt
The Three Weird Sisters	director	Daniel Birt
Three Steps in the Dark	director	Daniel Birt
Robinson in Ruins	director	Patrick Keiller
A Sigh (2000 film)	director	Feng Xiaogang
My Eldest Girl Should Get Married	director	Sun Hao (director)
Good Night, Dear Heart	director	Christopher T. Welch
Patagonia (film)	director	Marc Evans
Nepotism (The Office)	director	Jeffrey Blitz
Hong Kong Confidential	director	Maris Martinsons (director)
The Corbett-Fitzsimmons Fight	director	Enoch J. Rector
Microphone (film)	director	Ahmad Abdalla
Now What?	director	Greg Yaitanes
Stolen (2009 documentary film)	director	Violeta Ayala
Stolen (2009 documentary film)	director	Dan Fallshaw
Crayon Shin-chan: Pursuit of the Balls of Darkness	director	Keiichi Hara
Pokhorony Stalina	director	Yevgeny Yevtushenko
Men of Steel (film)	director	George King (film director)
To Face Her Past	director	Steven Schachter
Jaan (film)	director	Raj Kanwar
Orpheus Descending (film)	director	Peter Hall (director)
Out of True (film)	director	Philip Leacock
Beyond (film)	director	Pernilla August
Rose scarlatte	director	Vittorio De Sica
Rose scarlatte	director	Giuseppe Amato
Un garibaldino al convento	director	Vittorio De Sica
Millennium (Swedish miniseries)	director	Niels Arden Oplev
Millennium (Swedish miniseries)	director	Daniel Alfredson
Possessed by the Night	director	Fred Olen Ray
Kung Fu Panda (film series)	director	John Stevenson
Kung Fu Panda (film series)	director	Mark Osborne
Lakshmi Kataksham	director	B. Vittalacharya
Churam	director	Bharathan
Crime by Night	director	William Clemens (film director)
I See Ice	director	Anthony Kimmins
Sansa (film)	director	Siegfried (director)
Mulan (2011 film)	director	Jan de Bont
Downstream (film)	director	Simone Bartesaghi
All the Days Before Tomorrow	director	François Dompierre
Theenmaar	director	Jayanth C. Paranjee
Hanamizuki	director	Nobuhiro Doi
The Barris Beat	director	Norman Jewison
A Town Like Alice (film)	director	Jack Lee (film director)
The Story of Osaka Castle	director	Hiroshi Inagaki
Sylvie et le fantôme	director	Claude Autant-Lara
La porta del cielo	director	Vittorio De Sica
Rowing with the Wind	director	Gonzalo Suárez
Heart (1948 film)	director	Vittorio De Sica
Heart (1948 film)	director	Duilio Coletti
Veera Telangana	director	R. Narayana Murthy
Dragon's Domain	director	Charles Crichton
City Beneath the Sea (1971 film)	director	Irwin Allen
Love Shines	director	Douglas Arrowsmith
Los Cuentos de Borges: El Sur (film)	director	Carlos Saura
Beauty Queen (Philippine TV show)	director	Joel Lamangan
Let's Get Laid	director	James Kenelm Clarke
The Happy Family (1952 film)	director	Muriel Box
The Outsider (1939 film)	director	Paul L. Stein
Batasari	director	P. S. Ramakrishna Rao
Scene of the Crime (1949 film)	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
Pianomania	director	Lilian Franck
Pianomania	director	Robert Cibis
The Assignment (1977 film)	director	Mats Arehn
Adayalam	director	K. Madhu
This Is England '86	director	Thomas Harper
This Is England '86	director	Shane Meadows
Dalla vita in poi	director	Gianfrancesco Lazotti
The Condemned of Altona (film)	director	Vittorio De Sica
The Real Story of Happy Birthday to You	director	Gerald Potterton
The Yang's Saga	director	Johnnie To
Happy (2011 film)	director	Roko Belic
Spare the Rod (film)	director	Les Norman
Sughamo devi	director	Venu Nagavally
Crosstrap	director	Robert Hartford-Davis
The Timidity of the Loverat	director	Harrison Keyes
Knock Out (2010 film)	director	Mani Shankar
Chlorox, Ammonium and Coffee	director	Mona J. Hoel
Climax (film)	director	Rolf Clemens
Cold Lunch	director	Eva Sørhaug
Crash (1974 film)	director	Rolf Clemens
A Cry in the Woods	director	Erich Hörtnagl
National Instistute of Statistics and Applied Economics	director	Abdelaziz Maalmi
Better Things (2008 film)	director	Duane Hopkins
You Must Meet My Wife	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Colombiana (film)	director	Olivier Megaton
Un monde nouveau	director	Vittorio De Sica
Lo chiameremo Andrea	director	Vittorio De Sica
Light & Quiet (2008 film)	director	Rouzbeh Rashidi
This Ain't Avatar XXX	director	Axel Braun
Chamayam	director	Bharathan
Meenathil Thalikettu	director	Rajan Sankaradi
Only Human (2009 film)	director	Rouzbeh Rashidi
Bipedality (film)	director	Rouzbeh Rashidi
Entente cordiale (film)	director	Marcel L'Herbier
Maison Française d'Oxford	director	Luc Borot
Today's F.B.I.	director	Stan Jolley
Today's F.B.I.	director	Virgil W. Vogel
The Voyage (film)	director	Vittorio De Sica
The Clemenceau Affair	director	Alfredo De Antoni
The Englishman and the Girl	director	D. W. Griffith
Women of Tibet: The Buddha's Wife	director	Rosemary Rawcliffe
Right America: Feeling Wronged - Some Voices from the Campaign Trail	director	Alexandra Pelosi
A World Full of Strangers	director	Allan Arkush
Strange Powers	director	Gail O'Hara
A Cold Wind in August	director	Alexander Singer
The Black Torment	director	Robert Hartford-Davis
Beauty of the World	director	Mario Almirante
Company and the Crazy	director	Mario Almirante
Attack of the 50 Ft. Woman (1993 film)	director	Christopher Guest
Two Happy Hearts	director	Baldassarre Negroni
IShine KNECT	director	Don Dartt
Runners (film)	director	Charles Sturridge
A Handful of Dust (film)	director	Charles Sturridge
The Conspirators	director	Jean Negulesco
Lydia Bailey	director	Jean Negulesco
The Gift of Love	director	Jean Negulesco
Jessica (film)	director	Jean Negulesco
Singapore Woman	director	Jean Negulesco
The Inbetweeners Movie	director	Ben Palmer
Déjà mort	director	Olivier Dahan
Spirit Lost	director	Neema Barnette
Oh, What a Night (1944 film)	director	William Beaudine
The Lady in Question	director	Charles Vidor
The Old Lady	director	Amleto Palermi
The Tuttles of Tahiti	director	Charles Vidor
La segretaria per tutti	director	Amleto Palermi
Helter Skelter (2004 film)	director	John Gray
Poovilangu	director	Əmircan
Dawn!	director	Ken Hannam
Selfish (House)	director	Dan Attias
Shantha Sakkubai	director	Sundar Rao Nadkarni
Andrei Svislotskiy	director	Igor Kovalyov
Christina (1984 film)	director	Francisco José Lara
The Smashing Bird I Used to Know	director	Robert Hartford-Davis
New York Confidential (film)	director	Russell Rouse
En Manaivi	director	Sundar Rao Nadkarni
Valmiki (1946 film)	director	Sundar Rao Nadkarni
Bad Subject	director	Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia
Paprika (1933 film)	director	Carl Boese
Gonks Go Beat	director	Robert Hartford-Davis
Apoorva Sahodarargal (1949 film)	director	T. G. Raghavachari
The Song of the Sun	director	Max Neufeld
The First Kangaroos	director	Frank Cvitanovich
The Lucky Diamond	director	Carl Boese
Mr. Desire	director	Gennaro Righelli
The Pied Piper (1972 film)	director	Jacques Demy
The Three Hostages (TV series)	director	Julian Charles Becket Amyes
Hammerhead (film)	director	David Miller (director)
I'll Give a Million	director	Mario Camerini
Rosario (2010 film)	director	Albert Martinez
Maximilian von Mexiko	director	Günter Gräwert
The Mine with the Iron Door	director	Sam Wood
School Days with a Pig	director	Tetsu Maeda
Sir Roger Casement (TV series)	director	Hermann Kugelstadt
Experiment (1988 film)	director	Yefim Gamburg
Hamburg Transit	director	Hermann Leitner
Hamburg Transit	director	Claus Peter Witt
Strand (2008 film)	director	Rouzbeh Rashidi
University of Toronto School of Public Policy and Governance	director	Mark Stabile
La Clase (film)	director	José Antonio Varela
Beginners	director	Mike Mills (director)
Charlie, the Lonesome Cougar	director	Rex Allen
Charlie, the Lonesome Cougar	director	Winston Hibler
Fault (Law & Order: Special Victims Unit)	director	Paul McCrane
Ramu (1968 film)	director	A.C.Trilokchander
Counsel's Opinion	director	Allan Dwan
Sanning eller konsekvens	director	Christina Olofson
Father Brown (TV series)	director	Robert Tronson
History of Cinema (2008 film)	director	Rouzbeh Rashidi
Norberto's Deadline	director	Daniel Hendler
For the Love of Ada (film)	director	Ronnie Baxter (television)
Bowler (TV series)	director	Mike Mansfield Productions
Double Identity (Gossip Girl)	director	Mark Piznarski
Bo (film)	director	Hans Herbots
Client 9: The Rise and Fall of Eliot Spitzer	director	Alex Gibney
The Old Wagon	director	Michael Spiller
Rabbot Redux	director	Dave Willis
Rabbot Redux	director	Matt Maiellaro
Massacre in the Black Forest	director	Ferdinando Baldi
The Child's Eye	director	Pang brothers
The Child's Eye	director	Pang brothers
Dacii (film)	director	Sergiu Nicolaescu
Barnen från Frostmofjället	director	Rolf Husberg
Glasblåsarns barn	director	Anders Grönros
Balls (film)	director	Josef Fares
Sengoku Yaro	director	Kihachi Okamoto
Mind the Gap (2007 film)	director	Helena Bergström
She'll Follow You Anywhere	director	David C. Rea
Rogues' Gallery (TV series)	director	Michael Cox
Rogues' Gallery (TV series)	director	Richard Everitt
Shola Aur Shabnam (1961 film)	director	Ramesh Saigal
Good Night Good Morning	director	Sudhish Kamath
Julie and Carol at Carnegie Hall	director	Joe Hamilton (producer)
The Return (2010 film)	director	Thomas Scott, Jr.
The Return (2010 film)	director	Edwin E.Lewis
Little Lord Fauntleroy (1980 film)	director	Jack Gold
American Grindhouse	director	Elijah Drenner
The Lincoln Lawyer (film)	director	Brad Furman
Independence (film)	director	Vinayan
Sthalathe Pradhana Payyans	director	Shaji Kailas
Battle of Warsaw 1920	director	Jerzy Hoffman
Generał. Zamach na Gibraltarze	director	Anna Jadowska
Generał Nil	director	Ryszard Bugajski
Even the Rain	director	Icíar Bollaín
Submission (2010 film)	director	Stefan Jarl
Yoga Hakwon	director	Jae-yeon Yun
The Kid (2010 film)	director	Nick Moran
The Road to Coronation Street	director	Charles Sturridge
The Warrens of Virginia (1924 film)	director	Elmer Clifton
Dieppe (film)	director	John N. Smith
The Moon and Sixpence (film)	director	Albert Lewin
Kamen Rider × Kamen Rider OOO & W Featuring Skull: Movie War Core	director	Ryuta Tasaki
The Camp on Blood Island	director	Val Guest
Valfångare	director	Anders Henrikson
Valfångare	director	Tancred Ibsen
Doraha (drama)	director	Mehreen Jabbar
Wonderful Town (film)	director	Aditya Assarat
Flight from Folly	director	Herbert Mason
Poznań '56	director	Filip Bajon
Submarine (2010 film)	director	Richard Ayoade
Holiday in Mexico	director	George Sidney
Welcome Back, Carter	director	Cyndi Tang
Incendies	director	Denis Villeneuve
Zenith (film)	director	Vladan Nikolic
Unwritten (House)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Saarai Veerraju	director	D S Kannan
Rajkumar (1996 film)	director	Pankaj Parashar
Kallu Kondoru Pennu	director	Shyamaprasad
Ramayana: The Epic	director	Chetan Desai
Vettai	director	N. Linguswamy
Janie Jones (film)	director	David M. Rosenthal (director)
Air Cadet (1951 film)	director	Joseph Pevney
Norman's Awesome Experience	director	Paul Donovan (writer)
Letters to Father Jacob	director	Klaus Härö
Sunday Punch (film)	director	David Miller (director)
Top o' the Morning (film)	director	David Miller (director)
Saturday's Hero	director	David Miller (director)
Twist of Fate (film)	director	David Miller (director)
Star Wolf (TV series)	director	Minoru Kanaya
Star Wolf (TV series)	director	Kiyosumi Kuzakawa
A Separate Peace (film)	director	Larry Peerce
The Other Side of the Mountain Part 2	director	Larry Peerce
The Bell Jar (film)	director	Larry Peerce
Socrates (1971 film)	director	Roberto Rossellini
A Feather in Her Hat	director	Alfred Santell
T.U.F.F. Puppy	director	Butch Hartman
Lightning Love (film)	director	Larry Semon
The Kiss (Modern Family)	director	Scott Ellis
Mookkillarajyathu	director	Ashokan-Thaha
Crucible of Terror	director	Ted Hooker
Mazha	director	Lenin Rajendran
Queen of Temple Street	director	Lawrence Ah Mon
Back Streets of Paris	director	Marcel Blistène
Besieged City	director	Lawrence Ah Mon
Catch .44	director	Aaron Harvey
Crazy, Stupid, Love.	director	Glenn Ficarra
Crazy, Stupid, Love.	director	John Requa
Fort Massacre	director	Joseph M. Newman
Dastaan (drama)	director	Haissam Hussain
Alyna (TV series)	director	Cathy Garcia Molina
Thulabharam	director	A. Vincent
Dredd	director	Pete Travis
The Dream of Red Mansions (2010 TV series)	director	Li Shaohong
Man About Town (1939 film)	director	Mark Sandrich
Python II	director	Lee McConnell
Alibaba Aur 40 Chor	director	Umesh Mehra
Chidambaram (film)	director	G. Aravindan
One Man Show (film)	director	Shafi (director)
Maanthrikam	director	Thampi Kannanthanam
Lion (film)	director	Joshi (director)
Downton Abbey	director	Brian Percival
Downton Abbey	director	Ben Bolt, Texas
Downton Abbey	director	Brian Kelly (director)
Lorry (TV series)	director	Kjell Sundvall
Lorry (TV series)	director	Peter Dalle
Frankenweenie (2012 film)	director	Tim Burton
All That Glisters (Space: 1999)	director	Ray Austin (director)
Neuilly sa mère !	director	Gabriel Julien-Laferrière
Sus (film)	director	Robert Heath (director)
The Sainted Sisters	director	William D. Russell
The Undergraduates	director	Norman Buckley
Rajavazhcha	director	J. Sasikumar
Duets (Glee)	director	Eric Stoltz
Teesra Kaun	director	Partho Ghosh
The Rat (1925 film)	director	Graham Cutts
Onnaman	director	Thampi Kannanthanam
Man of God (film)	director	Jefery Levy
Videoplasty	director	Les Claypool
Videoplasty	director	Maurice Jacobsen
The Triumph of the Rat	director	Graham Cutts
Pilot (Hawaii Five-0)	director	Len Wiseman
The Change-Up	director	David Dobkin (director)
Teenage Paparazzo	director	Adrian Grenier
Hell (2010 film)	director	Luis Estrada
The Troublemaker	director	Theodore J. Flicker
Pilot (Raising Hope)	director	Michael Fresco
Caín (1984 film)	director	Gustavo Nieto Roa
Tu Tu Main Main	director	Sachin (actor)
Oppol	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Cross (film)	director	Patrick Durham
Calling Paul Temple	director	Maclean Rogers
Send for Paul Temple	director	John Argyle
Paul Temple's Triumph	director	Maclean Rogers
Paul Temple Returns	director	Maclean Rogers
Power Rangers Samurai	director	Peter Salmon (filmmaker)
C/o Segemyhr	director	Kjell Sundvall
Dick Turpin's Ride to York	director	Maurice Elvey
The Lost Squadron	director	George Archainbaud
The D.I. (film)	director	Jack Webb
La Pivellina	director	Tizza Covi
La Pivellina	director	Rainer Frimmel
Flames of Passion	director	Graham Cutts
The White Viking	director	Hrafn Gunnlaugsson
Wanderlust (2011 film)	director	David Wain
Oomappenninu Uriyadappayyan	director	Vinayan
The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith (film)	director	Fred Schepisi
The Howerd Confessions	director	Michael Mills
Three Men Army	director	Nisar
Yrrol	director	Peter Dalle
Stars in Your Eyes	director	Maurice Elvey
The National Jazz Museum In Harlem	director	Loren Schoenberg
Touch of Eva	director	Andrew McCarthy
Double Vision (1992 film)	director	Robert Knights
Looking for Danger	director	Austen Jewell
Up in Smoke (1957 film)	director	William Beaudine
Neelagiri (film)	director	I. V. Sasi
The Rocky Horror Glee Show	director	Adam Shankman
Counseling (The Office)	director	Jeffrey Blitz
Andy's Play	director	John Stuart Scott
The Ceremony	director	Nagisa Oshima
Hold On! (film)	director	Arthur Lubin
The Economics of Happiness	director	Steven Gorelick
The Economics of Happiness	director	Helena Norberg-Hodge
The Economics of Happiness	director	John Page
The Fabian Strategy	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Children of Glory	director	Krisztina Goda
My Bad (Dexter)	director	Steve Shill
The Man Who Liked Funerals	director	David Eady
Daam	director	Mehreen Jabbar
Nightfur	director	Jason Corgan Brown
Infected (2008 film)	director	Adam Weissman
Ntoltse Vita	director	Alexandros Rigas
The Thing That Counts Is What's Inside	director	David Grossman (director)
Dolphin Tale	director	Charles Martin Smith
8213: Gacy House	director	Anthony Fankhauser
Man's Castle	director	Frank Borzage
The Waiting Room (2010 film)	director	Maneej Premnath
After Tomorrow	director	Frank Borzage
Looking for Trouble	director	William A. Wellman
Glamour (1934 film)	director	William Wyler
Living on Velvet	director	Frank Borzage
I Am Kalam	director	Nila Madhab Panda
Arekti Premer Golpo	director	Kaushik Ganguly
Arekti Premer Golpo	director	Rituparno Ghosh
Aankiliyude Tharattu	director	Cochin Haneefa
Hibernatus	director	Édouard Molinaro
Series 8, Episode 4 (Spooks)	director	Sam Miller
Alice in Wonderland (1983 film)	director	Kirk Browning
The Witches of Oz	director	Leigh Scott
I Will Follow (film)	director	Ava DuVernay
The Feminine Touch (1941 film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Dr. Kildare's Victory	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Massage Therapy (House)	director	David Straiton
A House in the Hills	director	Ken Wiederhorn
The Whole Shootin' Match	director	Eagle Pennell
Ayer me echaron del pueblo	director	Jorge Gaitán Gómez
We Are What We Are	director	Jorge Michel Grau
The Vigilantes Return	director	Ray Taylor (director)
The Pride of the Clan	director	Maurice Tourneur
L'homme orchestre	director	Serge Korber
Coteau Rouge	director	André Forcier
Exit 67	director	Jephté Bastien
A Silent Love	director	Federico Hidalgo
Neds (film)	director	Peter Mullan
Ti Psyhi Tha Paradoseis Mori?	director	Alexandros Rigas
Bowery Champs	director	William Beaudine
The Lone Ranger (1956 film)	director	Lesley Selander
Last Night at the Alamo	director	Eagle Pennell
Inakkilly	director	Joshi
Take a Giant Step	director	Philip Leacock
Demons of War	director	Władysław Pasikowski
The Hands of Orlac (1960 film)	director	Edmond T. Gréville
All-Star Superman (film)	director	Sam Liu
Green Lantern: Emerald Knights	director	Christopher Berkeley
Green Lantern: Emerald Knights	director	Lauren Montgomery
Green Lantern: Emerald Knights	director	Jay Oliva
Dos Pueblos Engineering Academy	director	Amir Abo-Shaeer
Tikka Sankarayya	director	Dasari Yoganand
Mumbhai Connection	director	Atlanta Nagendra
The Ash-tree	director	Lawrence Gordon Clark
Bodyguard (2011 film)	director	Siddique (director)
The Minority	director	Dwayne Buckle
Welcome to Kodaikanal	director	Anil Babu
Ennu Swantham Janakikutty	director	Hariharan (director)
Super (2010 Indian film)	director	Upendra
The Concrete Jungle (film)	director	Tom DeSimone
Mafia (1993 film)	director	Shaji Kailas
The Crossing (2010 film)	director	Selim Demirdelen
Weird Nature	director	John Downer (producer)
Weird Nature	director	James Honeyborne
Weird Nature	director	Mark Brownlow
East, West, East: The Final Sprint	director	Gjergj Xhuvani
American: The Bill Hicks Story	director	Matt Harlock
American: The Bill Hicks Story	director	Paul Thomas
Let Me Entertain You (Desperate Housewives)	director	Lonny Price
It's a Gift (1923 film)	director	Hugh Fay
The Black Tulip (2010 film)	director	Sonia Nassery Cole
This Must Be the Place (film)	director	Paolo Sorrentino
The Precinct	director	Ilgar Safat
Casanovva	director	Rosshan Andrrews
Gingerdead Man 3: Saturday Night Cleaver	director	Charles Band
Lambda School of Music and Fine Arts	director	Wonny Song
Strangers on a Treadmill	director	Scott Ellis
L'avare (film)	director	Louis de Funès
L'avare (film)	director	Jean Girault
Red Headed Stranger (film)	director	William D. Wittliff
The Supergrass	director	Peter Richardson (actor)
Big Eyes	director	Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski
Passion of Spies	director	Yefim Gamburg
Illegal (2010 film)	director	Olivier Masset-Depasse
Perils of the Jungle (1953 film)	director	George Blair
Sing, Sinner, Sing	director	Howard Christie
Crab Trap	director	Oscar Ruiz Navia
The Traveller (2009 film)	director	Ahmad Maher
Capybara (Sons of Anarchy)	director	Stephen Kay
El Dorado (1963 film)	director	Menahem Golan
Festival del Cinema all'Aperto "Accordi @ DISACCORDI"	director	Pietro Pizzimento
A Defeated People	director	Humphrey Jennings
One More Chance (1983 film)	director	Sam Firstenberg
9500 Liberty	director	Eric Byler
9500 Liberty	director	Annabel Park
The Return of the Rat	director	Graham Cutts
Maximum Shame	director	Carlos Atanes
Ulladakkam	director	Kamal (director)
Jack Goes Boating (film)	director	Philip Seymour Hoffman
Penguin Island (TV series)	director	Simon Target
Unplanned Parenthood (House)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Beyond the Pale (film)	director	George Bazala
Whites (TV series)	director	David Kerr (director)
Fjorton suger	director	Emil Larsson
Fjorton suger	director	Henrik Norrthon
Fjorton suger	director	Martin Jern
Fjorton suger	director	Filippa Freijd
Band Baaja Baaraat	director	Maneesh Sharma
Lupo!	director	Menahem Golan
The Blacks (film)	director	Goran Dević
The Blacks (film)	director	Zvonimir Jurić
Kawasaki's Rose	director	Jan Hřebejk
Contagion (film)	director	Steven Soderbergh
In a Better World	director	Susanne Bier
Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance	director	Neveldine/Taylor
Zamindar (film)	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
Cool School	director	Faruk Aksoy
Monumental: In Search of America's National Treasure	director	Duane Barnhart
Pilot (No Ordinary Family)	director	David Semel
The First Born	director	Miles Mander
Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale	director	Jalmari Helander
Taxi for Two	director	Denison Clift
Sree Narayana Guru (film)	director	P. A. Backer
Du & jag	director	Martin Jern
Du & jag	director	Emil Larsson
Marakkillorikkalum	director	Fazil
Herr Lehmann (film)	director	Leander Haußmann
Adaminte Vaariyellu	director	K. G. George
When It Rains, It Pours (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
The Test of Honor	director	John S. Robertson
The Fiend (film)	director	Robert Hartford-Davis
The Rejuvenation of Aunt Mary	director	Erle C. Kenton
The Heart of Humanity	director	Allen Holubar
Baby's Toilet	director	Cecil Hepworth
Disraeli (1921 film)	director	Henry Kolker
Drunkboat	director	Bob Meyer
Carancho (film)	director	Pablo Trapero
Of Love and Other Demons (film)	director	Hilda Hidalgo
Messages from the Sea	director	Daoud Abdel Sayed
Ente Mohangal Poovaninju	director	Bhadran
No Pressure (film)	director	Dougal Wilson
Strayed (2009 film)	director	Akan Satayev
Americans at the Black Sea	director	Kartal Tibet
Amalfi: Rewards of the Goddess	director	Hiroshi Nishitani
The Life of Fish	director	Matías Bize
When We Leave	director	Feo Aladag
Liberation (film series)	director	Yuri Ozerov (director)
Tansy (film)	director	Cecil Hepworth
The Pleasure Drivers	director	Andrzej Sekuła
Jyanto Durga	director	Arin Paul
Explosion of a Motor Car	director	Cecil Hepworth
Nightbreaker (film)	director	Peter Markle
The Inner Circle (1946 film)	director	Philip Ford
The Ghost Camera	director	Bernard Vorhaus
The Constant Woman	director	Victor Schertzinger
I Can't Escape	director	Otto Brower
3000 Miles	director	Maximillion Cooper
FnF (TV series)	director	Redwan Rony
The Devil's Double	director	Lee Tamahori
The Side Show of Life	director	Herbert Brenon
Bibliothèque Pascal	director	Szabolcs Hajdu
Mamma Gógó	director	Friðrik Þór Friðriksson
How Funny (This Country Is)	director	Deddy Mizwar
Farewell Baghdad	director	Mehdi Naderi
Son of Babylon	director	Mohamed Al-Daradji
Esto huele mal	director	Jorge Ali Triana
The Human Resources Manager	director	Eran Riklis
The First Beautiful Thing	director	Paolo Virzì
Confessions (film)	director	Tetsuya Nakashima
I Don't Want to Be Born	director	Peter Sasdy
The Lotus Eater (film)	director	Marshall Neilan
Chakkara Muthu	director	A. K. Lohithadas
Perched on a Tree	director	Serge Korber
La Zizanie (film)	director	Claude Zidi
Merry-Go-Round (2010 film)	director	İlksen Başarır
Zephyr (film)	director	Belma Baş
Majority (film)	director	Seren Yüce
The Seduction (film)	director	David Schmoeller
Aditya 369	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
Embargo (film)	director	António Ferreira
Mothers (2010 film)	director	Milčo Mančevski
Miss Susie Slagle's	director	John Berry (film director)
Nemuritorii	director	Sergiu Nicolaescu
Black and White (2010 film)	director	Ahmet Boyacıoğlu
Atunci i-am condamnat pe toţi la moarte	director	Sergiu Nicolaescu
A la salida nos vemos	director	Carlos Palau
The Fall of Berlin (film)	director	Mikheil Chiaureli
The Third Blow	director	Igor Savchenko
The Battle of Stalingrad (film)	director	Vladimir Petrov (director)
Shukno Lanka	director	Gaurav Pandey
Yankee Doodle in Berlin	director	F. Richard Jones
Two Deaths	director	Nicolas Roeg
Les grandes vacances (film)	director	Jean Girault
Poor and Stupid	director	Trey Parker
Le Vertige	director	Marcel L'Herbier
12 Paces Without a Head	director	Sven Taddicken
Eternal Love (1929 film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
The Pretty Sister of Jose (1915 film)	director	Allan Dwan
The Enchanted Cottage (1924 film)	director	John S. Robertson
Tirza	director	Rudolf van den Berg
Chu-Chin-Chow (1925 film)	director	Herbert Wilcox
La Yuma	director	Florence Jaugeye
The Goose Woman	director	Clarence Brown
Super Fly T.N.T.	director	Ron O'Neal
Alaska Highway (film)	director	Frank McDonald (director)
The Dark Knight Rises	director	Christopher Nolan
East Is East (1916 film)	director	Henry Edwards (actor)
The Substitute (Glee)	director	Ryan Murphy (writer)
Dorothy of Oz (film)	director	Daniel St. Pierre
City of Beautiful Nonsense (1919 film)	director	Henry Edwards (actor)
Kuberan (2002 film)	director	Sunder Das
City of Beautiful Nonsense (1935 film)	director	Adrian Brunel
Le tatoué	director	Denys de La Patellière
Take Aim (1974 film)	director	Igor Talankin
That Certain Thing	director	Frank Capra
So This Is Love? (film)	director	Frank Capra
Hindle Wakes (1931 film)	director	Victor Saville
Street Days	director	Levan Koguashvili
Angel (2009 film)	director	Margreth Olin
Undertow (2009 film)	director	Javier Fuentes-León
The Way of the Strong	director	Frank Capra
Say It with Sables	director	Frank Capra
Excited and Scared	director	Jeff Greenstein
Submarine (1928 film)	director	Frank Capra
Unplugged (Modern Family)	director	Michael Spiller
Bang! You're Dead	director	Lance Comfort
GhettoPhysics	director	William Arntz
GhettoPhysics	director	E. Raymond Brown
Chuck Versus the Coup d'Etat	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
I Melt with You (film)	director	Mark Pellington
The Graveyard of Death	director	Jonathon Ash
Lily of the Alley	director	Henry Edwards (actor)
École nationale supérieure d'ingénieurs du Mans	director	Pascal Leroux
Movie 43	director	Elizabeth Banks
Movie 43	director	Steven Brill
Movie 43	director	Steve Carr
Movie 43	director	Rusty Cundieff
Movie 43	director	Griffin Dunne
Movie 43	director	Peter Farrelly
Movie 43	director	James Gunn (filmmaker)
Movie 43	director	Bob Odenkirk
Movie 43	director	Brett Ratner
Soul-Fire	director	John S. Robertson
Wine (1924 film)	director	Louis J. Gasnier
Pleasures of the Rich	director	Louis J. Gasnier
Cristiada (film)	director	Dean Wright
It's a Jersey Thing	director	Trey Parker
Texas Lightning (film)	director	Gary Graver
Chuck Versus the Fear of Death	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
What's Wrong with the Women?	director	Roy William Neill
Halloween (Modern Family)	director	Michael Spiller
Escort Girl (1941 film)	director	Edward E. Kaye
The Baby on the Barge	director	Cecil Hepworth
Who Is the Man?	director	Walter Summers
Comrades (film)	director	Bill Douglas
Nick Swardson's Pretend Time	director	Tom Gianas
News (1989 film)	director	Shaji Kailas
Let's Stay Together (30 Rock)	director	John Riggi
Till My Heartaches End	director	José Javier Reyes
Dus Tola	director	Ajoy Varma
Eeenadu	director	Chakri Toleti
Lilac Time (1928 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
Lilac Time (1928 film)	director	Frank Lloyd
Easy J	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
The Traveler (2010 film)	director	Michael Oblowitz
While New York Sleeps	director	Charles Brabin
The White Rose (1923 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Miente (film)	director	Rafi Mercado
So Big (1924 film)	director	Charles Brabin
The Edge (2010 film)	director	Alexei Uchitel
Hold That Woman!	director	Sam Newfield
Return to Treasure Island (1954 film)	director	Ewald André Dupont
Pinjra (film)	director	V. Shantaram
Murder with Pictures	director	Charles Barton
Target: The Final Mission	director	Raja Chanda
Picture Snatcher	director	Lloyd Bacon
Canaries Sometimes Sing	director	Tom Walls
Streamline Express	director	Leonard Fields
The Narcotic Story	director	Robert W. Larsen
American Job	director	Chris Smith (filmmaker)
Vanity (film)	director	Adrian Brunel
Hindle Wakes (1918 film)	director	Maurice Elvey
Baby, You Knock Me Out	director	Julius Wu
Isla de sal	director	Clemente de la Cerda
Black Arrow (telefilm)	director	John Hough (director)
The Beggar's Deceit	director	Cecil Hepworth
Kalyana Sougandhikam	director	Vinayan
The Temptation of Barbizon	director	Jean Stelli
An Affair with a Married Woman	director	Martin Campbell
Solemn Promise	director	Srđan Karanović
Vasanthiyum Lakshmiyum Pinne Njaanum	director	Vinayan
Les gens qui s'aiment	director	Jean-Charles Tacchella
The Border (2009 film)	director	Jaroslav Vojtek
9:06	director	Igor Šterk
Life, Above All	director	Oliver Schmitz
A Barefoot Dream	director	Kim Tae-gyun (director)
Simple Simon (film)	director	Andreas Öhman
Makeup Man	director	Shafi (director)
Comradeship (1919 film)	director	Maurice Elvey
Six Hours to Lose	director	Alex Joffé
Six Hours to Lose	director	Jean Lévitte
Wanted (2004 film)	director	Murali Nagavally
Flirting with Fate	director	Christy Cabanne
The Vulture (1937 film)	director	Ralph Ince
Last Refuge	director	Marc Maurette
The Viper (film)	director	Roy William Neill
Score: A Hockey Musical	director	Michael McGowan (director)
While Parents Sleep	director	Adrian Brunel
Sakthi (1980 film)	director	Vijayanand
Oothikachiya Ponnu	director	P.K. Joseph
The Call for Arms	director	Brian Desmond Hurst
Office Politics (House)	director	Sanford Bookstaver
A Pox on Our House	director	Tucker Gates
Small Sacrifices (House)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Tower Heist	director	Brett Ratner
The Little Room	director	Stéphanie Chuat
The Little Room	director	Véronique Reymond
A Useful Life	director	Federico Veiroj
Cruise for the Unknown One	director	Pierre Montazel
Du Guesclin (film)	director	Bernard de Latour
Aithe	director	Chandra Sekhar Yeleti
A Virgin Among the Living Dead	director	Jesús Franco
A Virgin Among the Living Dead	director	Jean Rollin
Vient de paraître	director	Jacques Houssin
My Friend Sainfoin	director	Marc-Gilbert Sauvajon
The Late Edwina Black	director	Maurice Elvey
Millionnaires d'un jour	director	André Hunebelle
Are We Civilized?	director	Edwin Carewe
Clear the Ring	director	Pierre Billon (director)
The Secret of Dr. Kildare	director	Harold S. Bucquet
The Alpha Incident	director	Bill Rebane
The Yesterday Machine	director	Russ Marker
Bed for Two; Rendezvous with Luck	director	Emil-Edwin Reinert
The Nut (1921 film)	director	Theodore Reed
LOOK: The Series	director	Adam Rifkin
So Evil My Love	director	Lewis Allen (director)
A Clockwork Hammer	director	Reza Badiyi
Chaithanya	director	Prathap K. Pothan
Single Father (TV series)	director	Sam Miller
Not Any Weekend for Our Love	director	Pierre Montazel
Umbartha (film)	director	Jabbar Patel
A Certain Mister	director	Yves Ciampi
I Like Only You	director	Pierre Montazel
Do Dooni Chaar	director	Habib Faisal
Judgement of God	director	Raymond Bernard
Dimension (film)	director	Lars von Trier
Street Without a King	director	Marcel Gibaud
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Foghorn Leghorn & Friends: Barnyard Bigmouth	director	Robert McKimson
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Foghorn Leghorn & Friends: Barnyard Bigmouth	director	Friz Freleng
Adémaï au poteau-frontière	director	Paul Collinel
The Heart of Maryland	director	Lloyd Bacon
Dr. Knock	director	Guy Lefranc
Les joueurs	director	Claude Barma
Un amour de parapluie	director	Jean Laviron
Bride of the Storm	director	J. Stuart Blackton
Bibi Fricotin	director	Marcel Blistène
Lévres de Sang	director	Jean Rollin
The Barrier (1926 film)	director	George W. Hill
Dear Wife	director	Richard Haydn
A Girl of Yesterday	director	Allan Dwan
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Tweety & Sylvester: Feline Fwenzy	director	Friz Freleng
Over the Hill to the Poorhouse	director	Harry F. Millarde
Attack of the Killer Tomatoes	director	John De Bello
Signora Enrica	director	Ali İlhan
Boniface somnambule	director	Maurice Labro
The Train (2011 film)	director	Jayaraj
Boîte à vendre	director	Claude André Lalande
The Red Rose	director	Marcello Pagliero
Champions Juniors	director	Pierre Blondy
The King of the Bla Bla Bla	director	Maurice Labro
Kaliyil Alpam Karyam	director	Sathyan Anthikad
La poison	director	Sacha Guitry
No Vacation for Mr. Mayor	director	Maurice Labro
A Crime in Paradise	director	Jean Becker (director)
Night Flight (1933 film)	director	Clarence Brown
Merrily We Go to Hell	director	Dorothy Arzner
Laughter in Hell	director	Edward L. Cahn
Smoke and Mirrors (Spooks)	director	Sam Miller
The Doorway to Hell	director	Archie Mayo
The Versace Murder	director	Menahem Golan
She Had to Say Yes	director	George Amy
She Had to Say Yes	director	Busby Berkeley
Tip Toes (1927 film)	director	Herbert Wilcox
Le Dindon	director	Claude Barma
The Straw Lover	director	Gilles Grangier
This Means War (film)	director	McG
The Younger Generation	director	Frank Capra
Folie douce	director	Jean-Paul Paulin
The Donovan Affair	director	Frank Capra
Those Kids from Town	director	Lance Comfort
My Wife Is Formidable	director	André Hunebelle
Wolves Hunt at Night	director	Bernard Borderie
Le Voyage en Amérique	director	Henri Lavorel
Ils étaient cinq	director	Jack Pinoteau
White as Snow (film)	director	Selim Güneş
When We Are Married (film)	director	Lance Comfort
The Garment Jungle	director	Vincent Sherman
The Garment Jungle	director	Robert Aldrich
Avenging Force	director	Sam Firstenberg
Silent Dust	director	Lance Comfort
Being Victor	director	Robert Elliott (director)
No Strings Attached (film)	director	Ivan Reitman
Future X-Cops	director	Wong Jing
Rag Doll (film)	director	Lance Comfort
Play It Again, Sledge	director	Bill Bixby
Wild About Hammer	director	Gary Walkow
Hammeroid	director	Gary Walkow
Hindle Wakes (1952 film)	director	Arthur Crabtree
Shine On, Harvest Moon (film)	director	David Butler (director)
Toll Booth (film)	director	Tolga Karaçelik
Paper (film)	director	Sinan Çetin
Fiend of Dope Island	director	Nate Watt
The First Basket	director	David Vyorst
The Long Teeth	director	Daniel Gélin
Panic Button (2011 film)	director	Chris Crow
La Passante	director	Henri Calef
Agence matrimoniale	director	Jean-Paul Le Chanois
La Fugue de Monsieur Perle	director	Pierre Gaspard-Huit
Elle et moi	director	Guy Lefranc
War and Remembrance (TV miniseries)	director	Dan Curtis
Monamour	director	Tinto Brass
El Rati Horror Show	director	Enrique Piñeyro (actor)
Strangers No More	director	Karen Goodman
Strangers No More	director	Kirk Simon
Fear in the Night (1972 film)	director	Jimmy Sangster
Knucklehead (film)	director	Michael W. Watkins
Prom (film)	director	Joe Nussbaum
Handa And Bhonda	director	Subhankar Chatterjee
Via delle Cinque Lune	director	Luigi Chiarini
I Want Your Money	director	Ray Griggs (director)
The Ugly Duckling (1959 film)	director	Lance Comfort
Girls' Night	director	Nick Hurran
Night Train (1998 film)	director	John Lynch
Nee Kosam	director	Srinu Vaitla
Je l'ai été trois fois	director	Sacha Guitry
Blind Corner	director	Lance Comfort
The Garden of Eden (1928 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
The New Age (film)	director	Michael Tolkin
Sex Ed (The Office)	director	Paul Lieberstein
Pit of Darkness	director	Lance Comfort
Chandra Mukhi	director	Debaloy Dey
Live Show	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Morning Call (film)	director	Arthur Crabtree
Welcome to Haven	director	Adam Kane
L'Amore Primitivo	director	Luigi Scattini
Strange Boarders	director	Herbert Mason
Mannequin in Red	director	Arne Mattsson
Hayde Bre	director	Orhan Oğuz
Press (film)	director	Sedat Yılmaz
Mr. Proudfoot Shows a Light	director	Herbert Mason
Reaganing	director	Todd Holland
The Warriors of Qiugang	director	Ruby Yang
Monsieur Taxi	director	André Hunebelle
Death Bell 2: Bloody Camp	director	Yoo Sun-dong
Sherina's Adventure (Petualangan Sherina)	director	Riri Riza
Under Heavy Fire	director	Sidney J. Furie
Murder, He Says	director	George Marshall (director)
Rio Sex Comedy	director	Jonathan Nossiter
The Sting (The Office)	director	Randall Einhorn
Costume Contest	director	Dean Holland
Don't Get Me Wrong (film)	director	Arthur B. Woods
Don't Get Me Wrong (film)	director	Reginald Purdell
Stunt Rock (film)	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
Educated Evans	director	William Beaudine
Thank Evans	director	Roy William Neill
Doctor Syn (film)	director	Roy William Neill
Fuse (film)	director	Pjer Žalica
This Man Is Dangerous	director	Lawrence Huntington
Payanam (film)	director	Radha Mohan
Lawless Heart	director	Tom Hunsinger
Lawless Heart	director	Neil Hunter
Linda (film)	director	Don Sharp
The Midnight Drives	director	Mark Jenkin
A Humiliating Business	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Sorry Grateful	director	David Grossman (director)
I Am... World Tour	director	Beyoncé Knowles
I Am... World Tour	director	Ed Burke (musician)
The Man in the Back Seat	director	Vernon Sewell
The Ivory Tower (Boardwalk Empire)	director	Tim Van Patten
Broadway Limited (Boardwalk Empire)	director	Tim Van Patten
La Danse (film)	director	Frederick Wiseman
Urge to Kill (film)	director	Vernon Sewell
The Boy Who Stole a Million	director	Charles Crichton
Hello Madras Girl	director	List of people with surname Williams#J
Sawan Ki Ghata	director	Shakti Samanta
Love Vibes	director	Momoko Ando
Tango Feroz	director	Marcelo Piñeyro
The Olsen Gang Goes Crazy	director	Erik Balling
Intent to Kill	director	Jack Cardiff
Get Off My Foot	director	William Beaudine
Anastasia (Boardwalk Empire)	director	Jeremy Podeswa
Romántico (film)	director	Mark Becker
Trouble for Two	director	J. Walter Ruben
The Night Invader	director	Herbert Mason
Shri Krishnanjaneya Yuddham	director	C. S. Rao
August 1 (film)	director	Sibi Malayil
Monsieur Leguignon Lampiste	director	Maurice Labro
Le Huitième Art et la Manière	director	Maurice Regamey
Moineaux de Paris	director	Maurice Cloche
Shrimad Virat Veerabrahmendra Swami Charitra	director	N. T. Rama Rao
Shri Ramanjaneya Yuddham	director	Bapu (artist)
The New Year Parade	director	Tom Quinn (film director)
L'amour n'est pas un péché	director	Claude Cariven
La Putain respectueuse	director	Charles Brabant
Les Compagnes de la nuit	director	Ralph Habib
08/15 (film series)	director	Paul May
La Vie d'un honnête homme	director	Sacha Guitry
The Human Sexipede	director	Lee Roy Myers
Secret Venture	director	R. G. Springsteen
Le Rire (film)	director	Maurice Regamey
The Perfect Circle	director	Ademir Kenović
Insheeption	director	Trey Parker
Salute the Toff	director	Maclean Rogers
Chirp (Modern Family)	director	Michael Spiller
Hammer the Toff	director	Maclean Rogers
Orkkapurathu	director	Kamal (director)
On the Night of the Fire	director	Brian Desmond Hurst
I Give My First Love to You	director	Takehiko Shinjo
L'Étrange Désir de monsieur Bard	director	Géza von Radványi
Shakti (2011 film)	director	Meher Ramesh
Mayfair Melody	director	Arthur B. Woods
Nobody Knows Anybody	director	Mateo Gil
Dortoir des grandes	director	Henri Decoin
Dookudu	director	Srinu Vaitla
Timbuctoo (film)	director	Walter Summers
Timbuctoo (film)	director	Arthur B. Woods
Easan	director	M. Sasikumar
Last Hippie Standing	director	Marcus Robbin
Charithram	director	G. S. Vijayan
Dangerous Medicine	director	Arthur B. Woods
Malice in Wonderland (1982 film)	director	Vince Collins
Autograph (2010 film)	director	Srijit Mukherji
Au diable la vertu	director	Jean Laviron
Légère et court vêtue	director	Jean Laviron
Capitaine Pantoufle	director	Guy Lefranc
Nights in Ballygran	director	Alan Taylor (director)
Chasing Legends	director	Jason Berry
Aryan (1988 film)	director	Priyadarshan
Mr. Satan (film)	director	Arthur B. Woods
Francisco de Miranda (film)	director	Diego Rísquez
Bridesmaids (2011 film)	director	Paul Feig
The Dark Stairway	director	Arthur B. Woods
You Live and Learn	director	Arthur B. Woods
Mutant Girls Squad	director	Noboru Iguchi
Mutant Girls Squad	director	Yoshihiro Nishimura
Mutant Girls Squad	director	Tak Sakaguchi
Chuck Versus the Couch Lock	director	Michael Schultz
Net Worth (TV film)	director	Jerry Ciccoritti
The Singing Cop (film)	director	Arthur B. Woods
Rhythm in the Air	director	Arthur B. Woods
Where's Sally?	director	Arthur B. Woods
Le Secret d'Hélène Marimon	director	Henri Calef
Faites-moi confiance	director	Gilles Grangier
Mon frangin du Sénégal	director	Guy Lacourt
The Untitled Kartik Krishnan Project	director	Srinivas Sunderrajan
Poisson d'avril (film)	director	Gilles Grangier
Ah! Les belles bacchantes	director	Jean Loubignac
Peter (Fringe)	director	David Straiton
Les hommes ne pensent qu'à ça	director	Yves Robert
Le Chevalier de la nuit	director	Robert Darène
Eyes of Youth	director	Albert Parker (director)
Icebound (1924 film)	director	William C. deMille
I Hear You, I See You	director	Lawrence Trilling
The Alaskan (1924 film)	director	Herbert Brenon
Les Corsaires du Bois de Boulogne	director	Norbert Carbonnaux
Fortuna (film)	director	Menahem Golan
Family Limitation	director	Tim Van Patten
Home (Boardwalk Empire)	director	Allen Coulter
The Line Campaign	director	Nancy Schwartzman
Escalier de service	director	Carlo Rim
Confidential Lady	director	Arthur B. Woods
Huis clos (1954 film)	director	Jacqueline Audry
The Compulsory Wife	director	Arthur B. Woods
Oru Thalai Ragam	director	E.M.Ibrahim
Torn (film)	director	Richard Johnson (director)
Faithful (1936 film)	director	Paul L. Stein
The Thirteenth Hour	director	Chester M. Franklin
High Finance (film)	director	George King (film director)
Everything Happens to Me (1938 film)	director	Roy William Neill
White Gold (1927 film)	director	William K. Howard
The Silver King (film)	director	T. Hayes Hunter
When Innocence Is Lost	director	Bethany Rooney
Rough House Rosie	director	Frank R. Strayer
Les Intrigantes	director	Henri Decoin
Safe Harbor (TV series)	director	Burt Brinckerhoff
Safe Harbor (TV series)	director	Chip Chalmers
Razorblade City	director	Richard Johnson (director)
Mam'zelle Nitouche (1954 film)	director	Yves Allégret
Her Imaginary Lover	director	George King (film director)
The Sitter (2011 film)	director	David Gordon Green
Papa, maman, la bonne et moi	director	Jean-Paul Le Chanois
The Girl in Possession	director	Monty Banks
Viaje al centro de la Tierra	director	Juan Piquer Simón
The Blue Squadron (1934 film)	director	George King (film director)
Les pépées font la loi	director	Raoul André
Fabian of the Yard	director	Charles Saunders (director)
Fabian of the Yard	director	Montgomery Tully
Fabian of the Yard	director	Bernard Knowles
Hollywood (Law & Order: Los Angeles)	director	Allen Coulter
The Winning Season (2004 film)	director	John Kent Harrison
In the Name of the Law (1922 film)	director	Emory Johnson
Ex$pendable	director	Frank E. Jackson, Jr.
La Reine Margot (1954 film)	director	Jean Dréville
Kutsal Damacana	director	Kamil Aydın
Scènes de ménage	director	André Berthomieu
Tourments	director	Jacques Daniel-Norman
Ingrid - Die Geschichte eines Fotomodells	director	Geza Von Radvanyi
The Chinese Wall (TV Episode)	director	Lawrence Trilling
Les Impures	director	Pierre Chevalier
The Thriller	director	B. Unnikrishnan
L'impossible Monsieur Pipelet	director	André Hunebelle
Tyrannosaur (film)	director	Paddy Considine
Bhai Log	director	Syed Faisal Bukhari
Liar Game (TV series)	director	Hiroaki Matsuyama
The Mill and the Cross	director	Lech Majewski
The Root of All Evil (1947 film)	director	Brock Williams (screenwriter)
Ühikarotid	director	Ergo Kuld
Baava	director	Rambabu
Liar Game 2 (TV series)	director	Hiroaki Matsuyama
Chandaal	director	T L V Prasad
Mylari	director	R.Chandru
Can't Complain (film)	director	Richard Johnson (director)
Les Hussards	director	Alex Joffé
La Bande à papa	director	Guy Lefranc
Bonjour sourire	director	Claude Sautet
Event Horizon (film)	director	Paul W. S. Anderson
A Closed Book (film)	director	Raúl Ruiz
Under the Red Robe (1923 film)	director	Alan Crosland
Cocktail (2010 film)	director	Arun Kumar
Frou-Frou	director	Augusto Genina
In the Palace of the King	director	Emmett J. Flynn
The Veteran (TV film)	director	Sidney J. Furie
Open Season (film series)	director	Jill Culton
Open Season (film series)	director	Roger Allers
Open Season (film series)	director	Anthony Stacchi
Open Season (film series)	director	Matthew O'Callaghan
Open Season (film series)	director	Todd Wilderman
Open Season (film series)	director	Cody Cameron
Mädchen ohne Grenzen	director	Géza von Radványi
Background (1953 film)	director	Daniel Birt
The Cross and the Switchblade (film)	director	Don Murray
The Familiars	director	Doug Sweetland
The Kid from Left Field	director	Harmon Jones
Concert for George (film)	director	David Leland
Chicago Pulaski Jones	director	Cedric the Entertainer
Third Party Risk	director	Daniel Birt
Hellraiser: Revelations	director	Víctor García (Spanish director)
Age of the Dragons	director	Ryan Little
The Don (1995 film)	director	Farogh Siddique
Tulkalam	director	Haranath Chakraborty
Caustic Zombies	director	Johnny Daggers
Power (2011 film)	director	Rajkumar Santoshi
Tensou Sentai Goseiger vs. Shinkenger: Epic on Ginmaku	director	Noboru Takemoto
Dragons et princesses	director	Michel Ocelot
La Traversée de Paris (film)	director	Claude Autant-Lara
South of Algiers	director	Jack Lee (film director)
La Famille Anodin	director	Claude Autant-Lara
Maujaan Dubai Diyaan	director	Subhash C. Bhakri
Papa, maman, ma femme et moi	director	Jean-Paul Le Chanois
Wardat (1981 film)	director	Ravikant Nagaich
Babes a GoGo	director	Paul Mesnier
Spaghetti 24 x 7	director	Gaurav Pandey
La Loi des rues	director	Ralph Habib
Orson Welles' Sketch Book	director	Orson Welles
Care Bears: The Giving Festival	director	Davis Doi
Yeh Mohabbat Hai	director	Umesh Mehra
Violet & Daisy	director	Geoffrey S. Fletcher
Coon 2: Hindsight	director	Trey Parker
Courte tête	director	Norbert Carbonnaux
Win Win (film)	director	Thomas McCarthy (entertainer)
Juke-Bar	director	Martin Barry (director)
Vaadaa	director	A. Venkatesh (director)
Gowravargal	director	Sanjay Ram
A Fonder Heart	director	Jim Fitzpatrick
Comme un cheveu sur la soupe	director	Maurice Regamey
Taxi, Roulotte et Corrida	director	André Hunebelle
Ni vu, ni connu (1958 film)	director	Yves Robert
La Vie à deux	director	Clément Duhour
Presumed Guilty (2009 film)	director	Roberto Hernández
Presumed Guilty (2009 film)	director	Geoffrey Smith (filmmaker)
Sadhu Sant	director	N. Chandra
Jhoothi Shaan	director	Ranjan Bose
Beat Your Heart Out (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Julie Anne Robinson
Before and After (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Dan Attais
Not Worth a Fig	director	Selda Çiçek
An Honest Mistake (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Randall Zisk
I Will Follow You Into the Dark (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Rob Corn
Mutthi Bhar Mitti	director	Haissam Hussain
Stand By Me (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Jessica Yu
Müezzin	director	Sebastian Brameshuber
Elevator Love Letter (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Ed Ornelas
The Willies (film)	director	Brian Peck
What's Wrong with Virginia	director	Dustin Lance Black
Turquoise (film)	director	Kadir Balcı
The Muppets (film)	director	James Bobin
Runaway (2010 film)	director	Kanye West
No Good Deed (Parenthood)	director	Lawrence Trilling
The Bride (1973 film)	director	Ömer Lütfi Akad
We Bought a Zoo	director	Cameron Crowe
Fire høytider	director	Leidulv Risan
I Tartassati	director	Stefano Vanzina
The High Cost of Living	director	Deborah Chow
Totò, Eva e il pennello proibito	director	Stefano Vanzina
Certains l'aiment froide	director	Jean Bastia
Certains l'aiment froide	director	Guy Lionel
Mon pote le gitan	director	François Gir
Mon pote le gitan	director	Guy Lionel
Sweet Surrender (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Tony Phelan
Dans l'eau qui fait des bulles	director	Maurice Delbez
Hollywood Boulevard (1936 film)	director	Robert Florey
No Good at Saying Sorry (One More Chance) (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Tom Verica
What a Difference a Day Makes (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Rob Corn
Adiverukal	director	P. Anil
Loved (film)	director	Erin Dignam
The Secret of Mulan	director	Peter Fernandez
Pilot (Six Feet Under)	director	Alan Ball (screenwriter)
Lipsett Diaries	director	Theodore Ushev
Sultaan (2000 Hindi film)	director	T L V Prasad
Sagar Sangam (2000 film)	director	Dulal Guha
Jwalamukhi (2000 film)	director	Jagdish A Sharma
Billa No. 786	director	Imran Khalid
Turn the Key Softly	director	Jack Lee (film director)
Aaj Ka Ravan	director	Imran Khalid
Kaali Topi Laal Rumaal	director	B. Vijay Reddy
Justice Chowdhary	director	Manish R. Khandelwal
The Last Circus	director	Álex de la Iglesia
Dada (2000 film)	director	T L V Prasad
Bhayaanak	director	S. U. Saiyed
Truth in Numbers?	director	Scott Glosserman
Truth in Numbers?	director	Nic Hill
Agniputra	director	B. Vijay Reddy
Sabse Bada Beiman	director	Imran Khalid
Spy Kids: All the Time in the World	director	Robert Rodriguez
Customs Diary	director	T. S. Suresh Babu
Here's to Future Days (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Bill D'Elia
Here's to Future Days (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Rob Corn
Now or Never (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Bill D'Elia
Now or Never (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Rob Corn
The Flemish Farm (film)	director	Jeffrey Dell
The Terror (1928 film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
Cold Hearts	director	Robert A. Masciantonio
Alien Visitor	director	Rolf de Heer
Iranium	director	Alex Traiman
The Fight for Freedom	director	D. W. Griffith
The Tavern Keeper's Daughter	director	D. W. Griffith
The Tavern Keeper's Daughter	director	Wallace McCutcheon Jr.
The Black Viper	director	D. W. Griffith
The Black Viper	director	Wallace McCutcheon Jr.
Based Down South	director	Martina Priessner
The Red Man and the Child	director	D. W. Griffith
How (TV series)	director	Angus Wright (producer)
Christening (The Office)	director	Alex Hardcastle
Viewing Party	director	Ken Whittingham
Jung (1996 film)	director	T Ramarao
Rascals (2011 film)	director	David Dhawan
Olympiyan Anthony Adam	director	Bhadran
Crescendo (film)	director	Alan Gibson (director)
The Long Winter (1992 film)	director	Jaime Camino
Fehérlófia	director	Marcell Jankovics
The Red Eagle	director	Wisit Sasanatieng
Gaslit	director	Tate Donovan
The Townie	director	Joe Lazarov
The Eye of the Storm (2011 film)	director	Fred Schepisi
Singularity (film)	director	Roland Joffé
Something for Everyone (1970 film)	director	Harold Prince
Le Capitaine Fracasse	director	Pierre Gaspard-Huit
Rasta (2003 film)	director	Bratyo Basu
Andha Bichar	director	Shakti Samanta
Brave Records of the Sanada Clan	director	Tai Kato
Snegithiye	director	Priyadarshan
Dos corazones y un cielo	director	Rafael Baledón
The Refuge (film)	director	François Ozon
Les Tortillards	director	Jean Bastia
La Vendetta (1962 film)	director	Jean Chérasse
La Belle Américaine	director	Colette Brosset
Bimmer (film)	director	Pyotr Buslov
Wara Wara	director	José Maria Velasco Maidana
Swan Song (Supernatural)	director	Steve Boyum
The Prophecy of the Lake	director	José Maria Velasco Maidana
Corazón Aymara	director	Pedro Sambarino
Dot and the Whale	director	Yoram Gross
Epidemiology (Community)	director	Anthony Hemingway
Swapne Dekha Rajkanya	director	Narayan Ray
Aaya Toofan	director	Deepak Balraj Vij
Banih Bahaniya Hamar	director	Jayant Gilatar
The Passionate Stranger	director	Muriel Box
Param Dharam	director	Swaroop Kumar
Sabse Badkar Hum	director	K.Ravi
Another Day (2001 film)	director	Jeffrey Reiner
Jurmana (1996 film)	director	T L V Prasad
Morena Clara	director	Luis Lucia
Founding Emperor of Ming Dynasty	director	Feng Xiaoning
Liar Game: The Final Stage	director	Hiroaki Matsuyama
When Will I Be Loved?	director	Michael Tuchner
Cold Weather (film)	director	Aaron Katz (filmmaker)
Bernie (2011 film)	director	Richard Linklater
I, Justice (film)	director	Zbyněk Brynych
Ring of Fear (film)	director	James Edward Grant
Ring of Fear (film)	director	William A. Wellman
Ti presento un amico	director	Carlo Vanzina
New Adam, New Eve	director	Charles Crichton
Mysterion Rises	director	Trey Parker
Sarah's Key	director	Gilles Paquet-Brenner
Trust (2010 film)	director	David Schwimmer
Upside (film)	director	Ken Horstmann
Midnight Son	director	Scott Leberecht (director)
Winx Club 3D: Magical Adventure	director	Iginio Straffi
35 and Ticking	director	Russ Parr
Dark Horse (2011 film)	director	Todd Solondz
Canning Randy	director	Pamela Fryman
Chuck Versus the First Fight	director	Allan Kroeker
Earthbound (1981 film)	director	James L. Conway
Paper Man (1971 film)	director	Walter Grauman
The Bullet Train	director	Junya Sato
Candide ou l'optimisme au XXe siècle	director	Norbert Carbonnaux
Resurrecting: The Street Walker	director	Özgür Uyanık
Sleeping Princess (film)	director	Çağan Irmak
In Time (film)	director	Andrew Niccol
Un clair de lune à Maubeuge	director	Jean Chérasse
Avatar (1916 film)	director	Carmine Gallone
Muthukku Muthaaga	director	Rasu Madhuravan
Mynaa	director	Prabu Solomon
Waqt Ki Awaz	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
Guru (1989 film)	director	Umesh Mehra
Le Gentleman d'Epsom	director	Gilles Grangier
Age of Heroes (film)	director	Adrian Vitoria
Thirumanassu	director	Aswathi Gopinath
Les Veinards	director	Philippe de Broca
Les Veinards	director	Jean Girault
Eldorado (upcoming film)	director	Richard Driscoll
Prime Risk	director	Michael Farkas
Tierra Madre	director	Dylan Verrechia
The Vow (film)	director	Michael Sucsy
The Man Who Walked Alone	director	Christy Cabanne
The Man from Music Mountain	director	Joseph Kane
Manny Get Your Gun	director	Michael Spiller
The Weight of Chains	director	Boris Malagurski
Kids of the Majestic	director	Dylan Verrechia
Yaar Gaddar	director	Umesh Mehra
Sanmanassullavarkku Samadhanam	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Bujang Lapok Kembali Daa	director	Aziz Sattar
Nous irons à Deauville	director	Francis Rigaud
Pappa tar gull	director	Arne Skouen
Dager fra 1000 år	director	Anja Breien
Dager fra 1000 år	director	Egil Kolstø
Dager fra 1000 år	director	Espen Thorstenson
Dagny (film)	director	Haakon Sandøy
Le Diable et les Dix Commandements	director	Julien Duvivier
Flickan från tredje raden	director	Hasse Ekman
Soft Beds, Hard Battles	director	Boulting brothers
Naaraaz (1994 film)	director	Mahesh Bhatt
The Buckskin Lady	director	Carl K. Hittleman
Oklahoma Cyclone	director	John P. McCarthy
She Wants Me	director	Rob Margolies
Pyar Hua Chori Chori	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
The Zero Hour (1939 film)	director	Sidney Salkow
Spend, Spend, Spend (play)	director	John Goldschmidt
Letter of Introduction (film)	director	John M. Stahl
Berlin Calling	director	Hannes Stöhr
A Letter to Elia	director	Kent Jones
A Letter to Elia	director	Martin Scorsese
After the Waterfall	director	Simone Horrocks
Anaganaga Oka Roju	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Drohi (1992 film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Borgia (TV series)	director	Oliver Hirschbiegel
The Blue Seal	director	Mike Donis
The Case of the Screaming Bishop	director	Howard Swift
The Limejuice Mystery or Who Spat in Grandfather's Porridge?	director	Jack Harrison (director)
A Praça é Nossa	director	Marcelo de Nóbrega
Troyee	director	Gautam Mukherjee
Bulbul Maina	director	Fazly Khabeer
Coming Out Under Fire	director	Arthur Dong
Sindhu Samaveli	director	Samy (director)
Taintlight	director	Chris Seavor
Tron: Uprising	director	Charlie Bean
Tron: Uprising	director	Joseph Kosinski
Tron: Uprising	director	Sean Bailey (producer)
Cruel Jaws	director	Bruno Mattei
Odd Jobs (TV series)	director	J. J. Abrams
Kamagni	director	Ashok Kumar (director)
IThemba (film)	director	Elinor Burkett
Rake (TV series)	director	Rachel Ward
Rake (TV series)	director	Jeffrey Walker (actor)
Divorce: Not Between Husband and Wife	director	M.J. Ramanan
My Driver Sweet Lover	director	Eric Quizon
My Driver Sweet Lover	director	Soxie Topacio
Mahaadev (1989 film)	director	Raj N. Sippy
Centre de Formation Médicale du Nouveau-Brunswick	director	Dr Aurel Schofield
Kizhakkunarum Pakshi	director	Venu Nagavally
Rumba (2008 film)	director	Dominique Abel
Rumba (2008 film)	director	Fiona Gordon
Vallakottai (film)	director	A. Venkatesh (director)
Twixt (film)	director	Francis Ford Coppola
Dawn of the Mummy	director	Frank Agrama
The Whip Hand	director	William Cameron Menzies
My Amnesia Girl	director	Cathy Garcia Molina
The Getaway (1941 film)	director	Edward Buzzell
Married Bachelor	director	Edward Buzzell
The Omaha Trail	director	Edward Buzzell
A Woman of Distinction	director	Edward Buzzell
Emergency Wedding	director	Edward Buzzell
Confidentially Connie	director	Edward Buzzell
Newman's Law	director	Richard T. Heffron
Trackdown (film)	director	Richard T. Heffron
My Favorite Spy (1942 film)	director	Tay Garnett
Wild Harvest	director	Tay Garnett
Soldiers Three (film)	director	Tay Garnett
Cattle King	director	Tay Garnett
The Delta Factor (film)	director	Tay Garnett
Challenge to Be Free	director	Tay Garnett
Timber Tramps	director	Tay Garnett
Grabbers	director	Jon Wright
Punch Me	director	Robert X. Golphin
Too Outrageous!	director	Richard Benner
Drums of Tahiti (1954)	director	William Castle
Nagaram (film)	director	Sundar C.
A Millionaire for Christy	director	George Marshall (director)
Dragones: destino de fuego	director	Eduardo Schuldt
De blå ulvene	director	Morten Kolstad
De forældreløse	director	Peter Lykke-Seest
Shark Night 3D	director	David R. Ellis
We're Going to Eat You	director	Tsui Hark
Coon vs. Coon and Friends	director	Trey Parker
Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara	director	Zoya Akhtar
Les Morfalous	director	Henri Verneuil
Turning Paige	director	Robert Cuffley
The Woman Who Still Wants To Marry	director	Kim Min Shik
Anokha Rishta	director	I. V. Sasi
Ae Jugara Krushna Sudama	director	Hara Patnaik
Everybody Loves Whales	director	Ken Kwapis
Trinetra (1991 film)	director	Harry Baweja
Sint	director	Dick Maas
Be-Shaque	director	Kashinath
Mukti (1977 film)	director	Raj Tilak
Swing Your Lady	director	Ray Enright
Pleasant Little Kingdom	director	Arlene Sanford
Mother Tucker (Modern Family)	director	Michael Spiller
Adam & Eva	director	Hannes Holm
Adam & Eva	director	Måns Herngren
International Centre for Theoretical Sciences	director	Spenta Wadia
Don't Tell Her It's Me	director	Malcolm Mowbray
Institute of Mathematical Machines and Systems of National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine	director	Anatoliy A. Morozov
Melodies of Vera Quarter	director	Giorgi Shengelaya
Players (film)	director	Abbas-Mustan
Commando (1988 film)	director	Babbar Subhash
Jodidar	director	T L V Prasad
Gautam Govinda (2002 film)	director	Gautam Verma
Down the Block There's a Riot	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Dushmani	director	Imran Khalid
Children Who Chase Lost Voices from Deep Below	director	Makoto Shinkai
Vachanam	director	Lenin Rajendran
We're Rich Again	director	William A. Seiter
Hidalgo: La historia jamás contada	director	Antonio Serrano
Bolden!	director	Daniel Pritzker
Skins (2011 TV series)	director	Scott Smith (director)
The Clockwork Girl (film)	director	Kevin Hanna
Kanmadam	director	A. K. Lohithadas
Kaliveedu	director	Sibi Malayil
Pouic-Pouic	director	Jean Girault
Faites sauter la banque!	director	Jean Girault
Yeh Sunday Kyun Aata Hai	director	Rabinder Parasher
No Right to Die, Genghis Khan	director	L Erdenebulgan
Ashes of Vengeance	director	Frank Lloyd
Qatal-E-Aam	director	Sanjay Sharma
Qaidi (2002 film)	director	T L V Prasad
Aisa Pyaar Kahan	director	Vijay Sadanah
Sitara (film)	director	Meraj
Jahangirabad Media Institute	director	Gauhar Raza
Meri Adalat (2001 film)	director	Hamid Ali
Nightmare Detective 2	director	Shinya Tsukamoto
Hold Me in Paradise	director	Brian Kirk
Mard (1998 film)	director	Ganpati Bohra
War Gods of Babylon	director	Silvio Amadio
Special Education (Glee)	director	Paris Barclay
Mermaid (2007 film)	director	Anna Melikian
Kanamarayathu	director	I. V. Sasi
Erdgeist (film)	director	Leopold Jessner
Lost Angels	director	Hugh Hudson
Killerz	director	Constantine Makris
The Trip (2010 TV series)	director	Michael Winterbottom
Journey 2: The Mysterious Island	director	Brad Peyton
Let's Go Our Own Way	director	Miha Hočevar
Soy un delincuente	director	Clemente de la Cerda
Sun Zarra (2006 film)	director	Rohit Nayyar
Une souris chez les hommes	director	Jacques Poitrenaud
An Unsuitable Job for a Woman (film)	director	Chris Petit
Beyroutou el lika	director	Borhane Alaouié
Bürgschaft für ein Jahr	director	Herrmann Zschoche
Les Bons Vivants	director	Gilles Grangier
Les Bons Vivants	director	Georges Lautner
Revolt of the Praetorians	director	Alfonso Brescia
Dual Spires	director	Matt Shakman
Yang 3 in 2D	director	Mel Damski
Maisie Was a Lady	director	Edwin L. Marin
Dongodu	director	Bheemineni Srinivas
Insaaf Main Karoonga	director	Shibu Mitra
Huduga Hudugi	director	Indrajit Lankesh
Tyranny (TV series)	director	John Beck Hofmann
Cool It (film)	director	Ondi Timoner
Waste Land (film)	director	Lucy Walker (director)
Brooklyn Without Limits	director	Michael Engler
Dreszcze	director	Wojciech Marczewski
Eine deutsche Revolution	director	Helmut Herbst
Kungen kommer	director	Ragnar Hyltén-Cavallius
The Girl with the Red Hair	director	Ben Verbong
Kraftprobe	director	Heidi Genée
L'amour des femmes	director	Michel Soutter
Muzhiki!	director	Iskra Babich
S.F.T.R.R: Videos	director	Morten Magnus
S.F.T.R.R: Videos	director	Caroline Richards
S.F.T.R.R: Videos	director	Paul Boyd (director)
S.F.T.R.R: Videos	director	Rory Rooney
Picture Mommy Dead	director	Bert I. Gordon
The Mad Bomber (film)	director	Bert I. Gordon
Burned at the Stake	director	Bert I. Gordon
Satan's Princess	director	Bert I. Gordon
Inhale (film)	director	Baltasar Kormákur
Maisie Gets Her Man	director	Roy Del Ruth
Always Leave Them Laughing	director	Roy Del Ruth
About Face (film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
Stop, You're Killing Me	director	Roy Del Ruth
Phantom of the Rue Morgue	director	Roy Del Ruth
Why Must I Die?	director	Roy Del Ruth
The White Meadows	director	Mohammad Rasoulof
The Surrogate (1984 film)	director	Don Carmody
Assignment in Brittany	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
High Barbaree (film)	director	Jack Conway (filmmaker)
Justin Bieber: Never Say Never	director	Jon Chu
Where Do We Go Now?	director	Nadine Labaki
Gallants (film)	director	Derek Kok
Gallants (film)	director	Clement Cheng
Khaddama	director	Kamal (director)
Nihon no Atsui Hibi Bōsatsu: Shimoyama Jiken	director	Kei Kumai
Requiem (1982 film)	director	Zoltán Fábri
Romance with Amelie	director	Ulrich Thein
Farewell to the Land	director	Mitsuo Yanagimachi
Sex Jack	director	Kōji Wakamatsu
10½	director	Daniel Grou
Repeat Dive	director	Shimon Dotan
Motives 2	director	Aaron Courseault
Disappearing In America	director	Erik Rodgers
Longing for My Native Country	director	Hu Bingliu
Longing for My Native Country	director	Wang Jin (director)
Un'estate ai Caraibi	director	Carlo Vanzina
College (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
WUPHF.com	director	Danny Leiner
Ang Tanging Ina Mo (Last na 'To!)	director	Wenn V. Deramas
La Belle captive	director	Alain Robbe-Grillet
Cap Canaille	director	Juliet Berto
Cap Canaille	director	Jean-Henri Roger
In the White City	director	Alain Tanner
U, Bomsi & Me	director	Jairaj Padmanabhan
Blades of Blood	director	Lee Jun Ik
Der er et yndigt land (film)	director	Morten Arnfred
Goppinti Alludu	director	E. V. V. Satyanarayana
Man, Woman and Sin	director	Monta Bell
Man, Woman and Sin	director	John Gilbert (actor)
De kalte ham Skarven	director	Wilfred Breistrand
De kalte ham Skarven	director	Erik Folke Gustavson
De vergeløse	director	Leif Sinding
Ice Age: Continental Drift	director	Steve Martino
Ice Age: Continental Drift	director	Mike Thurmeier
Crème Fraiche (South Park)	director	Trey Parker
Dei svarte hestane	director	Hans Jacob Nilsen
Dei svarte hestane	director	Sigval Maartmann-Moe
Icarus (film)	director	Dolph Lundgren
The Red Kimona	director	Walter Lang
The Red Kimona	director	Dorothy Davenport
El exilio de Gardel (Tangos)	director	Fernando Solanas
The Jimmy Durante Show	director	Sheldon Leonard
Mulligans (film)	director	Chip Hale (director)
Oridathoru Phayalvaan	director	Padmarajan
2 A. M. in the Subway	director	Billy Bitzer
Kallan Pavithran	director	Padmarajan
Thinkalaazhcha Nalla Divasam	director	Padmarajan
Parannu Parannu Parannu	director	Padmarajan
Novemberinte Nashtam	director	Padmarajan
Nombarathi Poovu	director	Padmarajan
Needle (film)	director	John V. Soto
The Uninvited Ancestors	director	Tim Pek
Thigh Line Lyre Triangular	director	Stan Brakhage
Dies rigorose Leben	director	Vadim Glowna
Dögkeselyű	director	Ferenc András
Shadow of the Boomerang	director	Dick Ross
Bungala Boys	director	Jim Jeffrey
Belle Femme	director	Brad Anderson (director)
International Super Spy	director	Janice Burgess
Mr. Emmanuel	director	Harold French
Eye Myth	director	Stan Brakhage
Mystique Valley	director	Sam Au/ David Lau
Putnanja	director	V. Ravichandran
Vienna (film)	director	Orson Welles
Moner Manush (film)	director	Gautam Ghose
Mr. Perfect (film)	director	Kondapalli Dasaradh Kumar
The Lost Thing	director	Andrew Ruhemann
The Lost Thing	director	Shaun Tan
The Emerald City (Boardwalk Empire)	director	Simon Cellan-Jones
Collaborator (film)	director	Martin Donovan
A Return to Normalcy	director	Tim Van Patten
Paris Green (Boardwalk Empire)	director	Allen Coulter
Ferestadeh	director	Parviz Sayyad
The Ghost (1982 film)	director	Herbert Achternbusch
A Flat (film)	director	Hemant Madhukar
Daayen Ya Baayen	director	Bela Negi
You Can't See 'round Corners	director	David Cahill
Operation C.I.A.	director	Christian Nyby
Isi Life Mein	director	Vidhi Kasliwal
The Albanian	director	Johannes Naber
Under the Hawthorn Tree (film)	director	Zhang Yimou
All Men Are Liars	director	Gerard Lee
Love Bites (film)	director	Malcolm Marmorstein
Tom Thumb and Little Red Riding Hood	director	Roberto Rodríguez (director)
Any Human Heart (TV series)	director	Michael Samuels (director)
Bheemli Kabadi Jattu	director	Tatineni Satya
World War II: When Lions Roared	director	Joseph Sargent
The Indian Doctor	director	Deep Sehgal
The Indian Doctor	director	Tim Whitby
Safe House (2012 film)	director	Daniel Espinosa
Cheetah (1994 film)	director	Harmesh Malhotra
Sunset Heat (film)	director	John Nicolella
A Season in Hakkari	director	Erden Kıral
Sheer Madness	director	Margarethe von Trotta
Prince Caspian/The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (1989 TV Serial)	director	Alex Kirby
Squeeze a Flower	director	Marc Daniels
Supermen Against the Orient	director	Bitto Albertini
Supermen Against the Orient	director	Jackie Chan
Supermen Against the Orient	director	Corey Yuen
Straw Dogs (2011 film)	director	Rod Lurie
Suraj (1997 film)	director	T L V Prasad
Metti Oli	director	Thirumurugan
Nadhaswaram serial	director	Thirumurugan
Anaswaram	director	Jomon (director)
Seenu (2000 film)	director	P. Vasu
The Raven (2012 film)	director	James McTeigue
Lal Pahare'r Katha	director	Remo D'Souza
Heeralal Pannalal (1999 film)	director	Kawal Sharma
Assassins (Desperate Housewives)	director	David Warren (director)
Remedial Reading Comprehension	director	George Landow (filmmaker)
Hunting Season (film)	director	Yavuz Turgul
The Ford Show	director	Bud Yorkin
Dead Letters (film)	director	Garrett Clancy
China (The Office)	director	Charles McDougall
Classy Christmas	director	Rainn Wilson
Diwangi Ne Had Kar Di	director	Jiten Purohit
Ultimatum (The Office)	director	David Rogers (editor)
Ardhangi	director	P. Pullaiah
How Much Is That Liam in the Window	director	Stuart Gillard
Hécate	director	Daniel Schmid
Dreams and Shadows	director	Tamarat Makonnen
Strange Friends	director	Xu Lei
Incomplete Eclipse	director	Jaromil Jireš
Chore Chore Mastuto Bhai	director	Anup Sengupta
Battle of Moscow (film)	director	Yuri Ozerov (director)
Der stille Ozean	director	Xaver Schwarzenberger
Utopia (1983 film)	director	Sohrab Shahid-Saless
Via degli specchi	director	Giovanna Gagliardo
Stalingrad: Dogs, Do You Want to Live Forever?	director	Frank Wisbar
Vlyublyon po sobstvennomu zhelaniyu	director	Sergey Mikaelyan
Stalingrad (1989 film)	director	Yuri Ozerov (director)
Chal Chala Chal	director	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
New Year's Eve (film)	director	Garry Marshall
Hollywood Sex Wars	director	Paul Sapiano
Borrowed Hearts	director	Ted Kotcheff
Satyr (1996)	director	Michael Zen
He Died with a Felafel in His Hand (film)	director	Richard Lowenstein
In Search of the Trojan War	director	Bill Lyons
Mr. Monk Is Someone Else	director	Randall Zisk
S M S (2008 film)	director	Surjulan
The Mysterious Monsters	director	Robert Guenette
Yaju-deka	director	Eiichi Kudo
Nanban (film)	director	S. Shankar
Akelarre (film)	director	Pedro Olea
Monte Carlo Nights	director	William Nigh
She Had to Choose	director	Ralph Ceder
Galloping Romeo	director	Robert N. Bradbury
Fraternité (TV)	director	René Lucot
Mr. Monk and the Bad Girlfriend	director	Wendey Stanzler
Blitzgiving	director	Pamela Fryman
Bengal Tiger (2001 film)	director	Adarsh Jain
Hungama (2006 Bengali film)	director	Swapan Saha
Nirbhay (1996 film)	director	Vinod Dewan
Deilig er fjorden!	director	Jan Erik Düring
Den evige Eva	director	Rolf Randall
Veppam	director	Anjana Ali Khan
Mr. Monk's Other Brother	director	David Hoberman
Coppers (TV series)	director	Anthony Philipson
Shadows and Faces	director	Derviş Zaim
Dance Dance Revelation	director	Gail Mancuso
Amrutham Gamaya	director	Hariharan (director)
Chuck Versus Phase Three	director	Anton Cropper
Marykkundoru Kunjaadu	director	Shafi (director)
Ivan Megharoopan	director	P. Balachandran
Ill Manors	director	Plan B (musician)
Mickey's Movies	director	Earl Montgomery
Trumpets' Republic	director	Stefano Missio
The Big Restaurant	director	Jacques Besnard
Disaster Zone: Volcano in New York	director	Robert Zemeckis
Apollo 18 (film)	director	Gonzalo Lopez-Gallego
Wuthering Heights (2011 film)	director	Andrea Arnold
Marshal (film)	director	Manish R. Khandelwal
The Nutcracker in 3D	director	Andrei Konchalovsky
Special When Lit	director	Brett Sullivan
Woman Doctors	director	Horst Seemann
Infected (2011 film)	director	Glenn Ciano
My Brother, Borat	director	Erkin Rakishev
Khuda Kasam	director	K. C. Bokadia
Teri Meherbaniyan	director	Vijay Reddy
Sachche Ka Bol Bala	director	Dev Anand
Brighton Rock (2010 film)	director	Rowan Joffé
Khadgam	director	Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi
A Story of People in War and Peace	director	Vardan Hovhannisyan
Das Autogramm	director	Peter Lilienthal
Chaalbaaz (2003 film)	director	Gautam Verma
La seconda ombra	director	Silvano Agosti
Arjun Devaa	director	Imran Khalid
Golapi Ekhon Bilatey	director	Amjad Hussain
Dada (2005 film)	director	T L V Prasad
Chita (film)	director	T L V Prasad
Mahaguru (2007 film)	director	Anup Sengupta
Janta Ki Adalat (1994 film)	director	T L V Prasad
Rock 'n' Roll Revue	director	Joseph Kohn (director)
Turn Back Time – The High Street	director	Fergus Colville
Diary of a Nudist	director	Doris Wishman
Drift Fence	director	Otho Lovering
Billy the Kid's Gun Justice	director	Sam Newfield
Desert Gold (1936 film)	director	James P. Hogan (director)
Western Cyclone	director	Sam Newfield
The Kid Rides Again	director	Sam Newfield
Eyes of Texas (film)	director	William Witney
Wolves of the Range	director	Sam Newfield
Public Speaking (film)	director	Martin Scorsese
Diamond Trail	director	Harry L. Fraser
The Nevada Buckaroo	director	John P. McCarthy
The Naked Hills	director	Josef Shaftel
The Blonde Captive	director	Clinton Childs
The Blonde Captive	director	Ralph P. King
The Blonde Captive	director	Linus J. Wilson
The Blonde Captive	director	Paul Withington
Spook Town	director	Elmer Clifton
Cattle Stampede	director	Sam Newfield
Special Agent (1949 film)	director	Pine-Thomas Productions
Lost Honeymoon	director	Leigh Jason
By Appointment Only (1933 film)	director	Frank R. Strayer
Jungle Siren	director	Sam Newfield
Sheriff of Sage Valley	director	Sam Newfield
Woman in the Dark (1934 film)	director	Phil Rosen
High Powered	director	William A. Berke
Dark Mountain (film)	director	William A. Berke
The Shadow (1933 film)	director	George A. Cooper (director)
The Avenging Hand	director	Victor Hanbury
The Avenging Hand	director	Frank Richardson
And Once Again	director	Amol Palekar
Postal Inspector	director	Otto Brower
Tangled Destinies	director	Frank R. Strayer
Romance of the Limberlost	director	William Nigh
Oru Small Family	director	Rajasenan
Revenge of the Virgins	director	Peter Perry Jr.
Timeslip (1955 film)	director	Ken Hughes
The Whore (2010 film)	director	Hansjörg Thurn
Coolie (2004 film)	director	Swapan Saha
Joker (2011 film)	director	Shirish Kunder
Kadhal Enum Nadhiyinile	director	M K I Sukumaran
Pocketmaar	director	Ravi Chopra
Karayilekku Oru Kadal Dooram	director	Vinod Mankara
Vadakkumnadhan	director	Shajoon Kariyal
Sikandar Sadak Ka (1999 film)	director	T L V Prasad
Noodle (film)	director	Ayelet Menahemi
La Reine Soleil	director	Philippe Leclerc de Hauteclocque
Something Borrowed (film)	director	Luke Greenfield
The Chameleon (film)	director	Jean-Paul Salomé
Adventures of Tarzan (1985 film)	director	Babbar Subhash
Super Inday and the Golden Bibe	director	Mike Tuviera
Swingtime in the Movies	director	Crane Wilbur
They're Always Caught	director	Harold S. Bucquet
Clash (film)	director	Le Thanh Son
The Lazarus Syndrome	director	Jerry Thorpe
T-Bird Gang	director	Richard Harbinger
Wild Horse Phantom	director	Sam Newfield
Murder Is News	director	Leon Barsha
Tanks a Million	director	Fred Guiol
Alimony (film)	director	Alfred Zeisler
His Picture in the Papers	director	John Emerson (filmmaker)
Amma Rajinama	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
Emir (film)	director	Chito Roño
A Jungle Book of Regulations	director	Stanisław Bareja
Shandaar (1990 film)	director	Vinod Dewan
Roti Ki Keemat (1990 film)	director	Ramesh Ahuja
Pyar Ka Karz	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
Pyar Ka Devta	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
Nenu Naa Rakshasi	director	Puri Jagannadh
A Madonna in Laleli	director	Kudret Sabancı
Stand tall	director	Mark Nalley
Salt N' Pepper	director	Aashiq Abu
Drunk Driving (film)	director	David Miller (director)
Five Times Five	director	Frank P. Donovan
More About Nostradamus	director	David Miller (director)
Zombie Lake	director	Jean Rollin
Arjunan Saakshi	director	Ranjith Sankar
Uppukandam Brothers Back in Action	director	T. S. Suresh Babu
Chuck Versus the Leftovers	director	Zachary Levi
The Paul Street Boys (film)	director	Mario Monicelli
The Paul Street Boys (film)	director	Alberto Mondadori
Summer Rain (1937 film)	director	Mario Monicelli
Everyman's War	director	Thad Smith
Le avventure di Giacomo Casanova	director	Stefano Vanzina
Totò cerca casa	director	Mario Monicelli
Totò cerca casa	director	Stefano Vanzina
La monaca di Monza	director	Carmine Gallone
I Don Giovanni della Costa Azzurra	director	Vittorio Sala
Escalation (film)	director	Roberto Faenza
Vatican Conspiracy	director	Marcello Aliprandi
Terminal Exposure	director	Nico Mastorakis
Fish Out of Water (film)	director	Ky Dickens
Madea's Big Happy Family (film)	director	Tyler Perry
Ten Year	director	Jamie Linden (writer)
Thought-Leader Series AU-IBT	director	Alexander Hold
Balipeetam	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
Hum Se Na Takrana	director	Deepak Bahry
Pyar Ke Naam Qurbaan	director	Babbar Subhash
Pati Patni Aur Tawaif	director	Rajkumar Kohli
Paap Ki Kamaee	director	Kawal Sharma
Entre onze heures et minuit	director	Henri Decoin
Le Point du jour	director	Louis Daquin
Le Parfum de la dame en noir (1949 film)	director	Louis Daquin
Maître après Dieu	director	Louis Daquin
Sex Quartet	director	Mario Monicelli
Sex Quartet	director	Mauro Bolognini
Sex Quartet	director	Antonio Pietrangeli
Sex Quartet	director	Luciano Salce
Li chiamarono... briganti!	director	Pasquale Squitieri
The String	director	Mehdi Ben Attia
5 per l'inferno	director	Gianfranco Parolini
Night Slaves	director	Ted Post
Incident In San Francisco	director	Don Medford
They Call It Murder	director	Walter Grauman
Snatched	director	Sutton Roley
Amanda Fallon	director	Frank Pierson
Amanda Fallon	director	Mark Rogers
Sixth and Main	director	Christopher Cain
Murder Among Friends	director	David Greene (director)
Family Plan (1997 film)	director	Fred Gerber
Rent-a-Kid	director	Fred Gerber
Harvey (TV movie)	director	George Schaefer
A Night of Fame	director	Mario Monicelli
A Night of Fame	director	Stefano Vanzina
Lego: The Adventures of Clutch Powers	director	Howard E. Baker
Everybody Rides the Carousel	director	John Hubley
Grassroots (film)	director	Stephen Gyllenhaal
Victini and the Black Hero: Zekrom and Victini and the White Hero: Reshiram	director	Kunihiko Yuyama
Gaana Bajaana	director	Prashanth Raj
Undamma Bottu Pedata	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Numbri Aadmi	director	Swaroop Kumar
Shikari: The Hunter	director	Umesh Mehra
Shikari: The Hunter	director	Latif Faiziyev
Jungle Bride	director	Harry O. Hoyt
Jungle Bride	director	Albert H. Kelley
Murder with Music	director	George P. Quigley
Savage Africa	director	Jacques Dupont (director)
Gunahon Ka Devta (1990 film)	director	Kawal Sharma
Car of Dreams	director	Graham Cutts
Car of Dreams	director	Austin Melford
Envy (2009 film)	director	Zeki Demirkubuz
Christmas Attack Zone	director	John Riggi
Ex (2009 film)	director	Fausto Brizzi
Bol Radha Bol	director	David Dhawan
The Pharmacist	director	Arthur Ripley
Auschwitz (film)	director	Uwe Boll
Heritage (film)	director	Charles Chauvel (filmmaker)
The Brigand	director	Phil Karlson
Greenhide	director	Charles Chauvel (filmmaker)
Sri Rama Rajyam	director	Bapu (artist)
Again Kasargod Khader Bhai	director	Thulasidas
September 12 (film)	director	Özlem Sulak
Curse of the Undead	director	Edward Dein
Wishful Thinking (1997 film)	director	Adam Park
Mattilo Manikyam	director	B. V. Prasad
Butterfly in Grey	director	Sananjit Bangsapan
Pratigyabadh	director	Ravi Chopra
Swarg Yahan Narak Yahan	director	U. Vimal Kumar
Virudhagiri	director	Vijayakanth
Krishna Prema	director	Hanumappa Vishwanath Babu
Le infedeli	director	Mario Monicelli
Le infedeli	director	Stefano Vanzina
Proibito	director	Mario Monicelli
Return of Sergeant Lapins	director	Gatis Šmits
Toto and Carolina	director	Mario Monicelli
Man-Eater of Kumaon	director	Byron Haskin
Warpath (film)	director	Byron Haskin
Silver City (1951 film)	director	Byron Haskin
The First Texan	director	Byron Haskin
Compensation (film)	director	Zeinabu irene Davis
The Boss (film)	director	Byron Haskin
Little Savage	director	Byron Haskin
Jet Over the Atlantic	director	Byron Haskin
September Storm	director	Byron Haskin
Armored Command	director	Byron Haskin
Captain Sinbad (film)	director	Byron Haskin
Cousin Bette (film)	director	Des McAnuff
No Time to Be Young	director	David Lowell Rich
Senior Prom (film)	director	David Lowell Rich
Hey Boy! Hey Girl!	director	David Lowell Rich
Eye of the Cat	director	David Lowell Rich
Northeast of Seoul	director	David Lowell Rich
That Man Bolt	director	David Lowell Rich
That Man Bolt	director	Henry Levin
Boreas (film)	director	Belma Baş
Santa and the Ice Cream Bunny	director	Barry Mahon
Front Mission: Online	director	Toshiro Tsuchida
Athisayan	director	Vinayan
Idi Maa Ashokgadi Love Story	director	Suresh Krishna (director)
The Guns of Fort Petticoat	director	George Marshall
Chantha	director	Sunil (Director)
Risate di gioia	director	Mario Monicelli
High Infidelity	director	Mario Monicelli
High Infidelity	director	Elio Petri
High Infidelity	director	Franco Rossi
High Infidelity	director	Luciano Salce
Caprice Italian Style	director	Mario Monicelli
Caprice Italian Style	director	Pier Paolo Pasolini
Caprice Italian Style	director	Mauro Bolognini
Caprice Italian Style	director	Stefano Vanzina
Caprice Italian Style	director	Pino Zac
Caprice Italian Style	director	Franco Rossi
Oh, Grandmother's Dead	director	Mario Monicelli
New Kidney in Town	director	Pete Michels
Burt Rocks (Raising Hope)	director	Jace Alexander
If I Were King (1920 film)	director	J. Gordon Edwards
Across the Pacific (1926 film)	director	Roy Del Ruth
Across the Pacific (1926 film)	director	D. Ross Lederman
Nowhere Man (Law & Order)	director	Martha Beall Mitchell
Io sono Tony Scott, ovvero come l'Italia fece fuori il più grande clarinettista del jazz	director	Franco Maresco
Into the Cold: A Journey of the Soul	director	Sebastian Copeland
News from Home	director	Chantal Akerman
The Christmas Hope	director	Norma Bailey
Rajoo Dada	director	D S Azad
Waiting for Caroline	director	Ron Kelly (filmmaker)
Inspector Garud	director	Johny Antony
3 Backyards	director	Eric Mendelsohn
Kohra	director	Biren Nag
The Mermaid Theory	director	Pamela Fryman
Where Do I Belong	director	David Grossman (director)
I'm Still Here (Desperate Housewives)	director	Lonny Price
Anyone Can Play Guitar (film)	director	Jon Spira
Santa Santita	director	Laurice Guillen
Garden of Love (film)	director	Olaf Ittenbach
The Bringers of Wonder, Part One	director	Tom Clegg (director)
Den farlige leken	director	Tancred Ibsen
Den forsvundne pølsemaker	director	Toralf Sandø
Den glade enke i Trangvik	director	Harry Ivarson
Den grønne heisen	director	Odd-Geir Sæther
Buruuba	director	Shigeyoshi Suzuki
Janapriyan	director	Boban Samuel
The Pony Express (1925 film)	director	James Cruze
Wild Horse Mesa (1925 film)	director	George B. Seitz
Bayaning 3rd World	director	Mike De Leon
Miss Nobody	director	Lambert Hillyer
The Sue Sylvester Shuffle	director	Brad Falchuk
Street of Sin	director	Mauritz Stiller
Street of Sin	director	Ludwig Berger (director)
Declassee	director	Robert G. Vignola
Rock Slyde	director	Chris Dowling
Virginia Creepers	director	Sean Kotz
Virginia Creepers	director	Christopher Valluzzo
Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception	director	Amy Hennig
Den hemmelighetsfulle leiligheten	director	Tancred Ibsen
Den nye lensmannen	director	Leif Sinding
The Skin I Live In	director	Pedro Almodóvar
!Women Art Revolution	director	Lynn Hershman Leeson
Bone Breaker	director	Sergio Esquenazi
Epiphanies (Spaced)	director	Edgar Wright
Eyyvah Eyvah 2	director	Hakan Algül
Kutsal Damacana: Dracoola	director	Korhan Bozkurt
Ballot Measure 9	director	Heather Lyn Macdonald
Trinity Is Still My Name	director	Enzo Barboni
Flaming Youth (film)	director	John Francis Dillon (director)
We Moderns	director	John Dillon (disambiguation)
Joker (2000 film)	director	A. K. Lohithadas
The Lady (1925 film)	director	Frank Borzage
Three Sinners	director	Rowland V. Lee
The Pagan (1929 film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Sins of the Fathers (1928 film)	director	Ludwig Berger (director)
Within the Law	director	Frank Lloyd
Lady Rose's Daughter	director	Hugh Ford
Breath of Hate	director	Sean Cain
Hostel (2011 film)	director	Manish Gupta
I Heart You, Pare!	director	Joyce E. Bernal
F.T.A.	director	Francine Parker
Sorgam	director	T.R. Ramanna
Le Petit prince a dit	director	Christine Pascal
Perón: Apuntes para una biografía	director	Jorge Coscia
Den nye lægen	director	Rasmus Breistein
Den siste Fleksnes	director	Bo Hermansson
Doorways	director	Peter Werner
Den sommeren jeg fylte 15	director	Knut Andersen
Underworld: Awakening	director	Måns Mårlind
Sooryan	director	V. M. Vinu
Fear of Clowns 2	director	Kevin Kangas
The First Time (1952 film)	director	Frank Tashlin
Marry Me Again	director	Frank Tashlin
Ghar Jamai (1992 film)	director	Arun Bhatt
Say One for Me	director	Frank Tashlin
Mr. Reliable	director	Nadia Tass
The Tender Warrior	director	Stewart Raffill
When the North Wind Blows	director	Stewart Raffill
Lost in Africa	director	Stewart Raffill
A Month of Sundays (film)	director	Stewart Raffill
Sirens of the Caribbean	director	Stewart Raffill
The Sinful Dwarf	director	Vidal Raski
They Shall Have Music	director	Archie Mayo
Benedict Arnold: A Question of Honor	director	Mikael Salomon
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim	director	Todd Howard
Insane (2013 video game)	director	Guillermo del Toro
Love Circus	director	Dulal Bhowmick
Come Back to Sorrento (film)	director	Michael Worth
Mahasangram (2006 film)	director	Kumarjit Patitundu
Three Kings (2011 film)	director	V. K. Prakash
July 4 (film)	director	Joshi (director)
Nattukku Oru Nallavan	director	V. Ravichandran
Twenty-One (film)	director	Don Boyd
Into the Wind (2010 film)	director	Steve Nash
Harmful Insect	director	Akihiko Shiota
Disciples of Hippocrates	director	Kazuki Ōmori
Never Back Down 2: The Beatdown	director	Michael Jai White
Vater Morgana	director	Till Endemann
The Big One (Dexter)	director	Steve Shill
C.O.D. (Law & Order)	director	Matthew Penn
The Eyes of Tammy Faye	director	Fenton Bailey
The Bringers of Wonder, Part Two	director	Tom Clegg (director)
Melba (TV series)	director	Mel Ferber
The Jungle Book (TV series)	director	Tapaas Chakravarti
Pitambar	director	Imran
Dead Heart (film)	director	Nick Parsons
Vaagai Sooda Vaa	director	A. Sarkunam
Meherbaan	director	K.Ravishankar
Pardesi (1993 film)	director	Raj N Sippy
Aadmi (1993 film)	director	Arshad Khan
Veerasekaran	director	Sathish Kumar
Jeevan Ki Shatranj	director	S. A. Chandrasekhar
Shatranj (1993 film)	director	Aziz Sejawal
Itsuka dokusho suruhi	director	Akira Ogata (film director)
Muhteşem Yüzyıl	director	Yağmur Taylan
Muhteşem Yüzyıl	director	Durul Taylan
Kuhio taisa	director	Daihachi Yoshida
The Little Bather	director	Colette Brosset
Terrorism and Kebab	director	Sherif Arafa
Murder in the Clouds	director	D. Ross Lederman
Forlorn River (film)	director	Charles Barton
Funuke Show Some Love, You Losers!	director	Daihachi Yoshida
Trapped Beneath the Sea	director	William A. Graham (director)
Keeper of the Bees (1935 film)	director	Christy Cabanne
Hay Foot	director	Fred Guiol
Draupadi Vastrapaharanam	director	Hanumappa Vishwanath Babu
Silent Hill: Revelation 3D	director	Michael J. Bassett
Catch Me If You Can (1989 film)	director	Stephen Sommers
Special People (film)	director	Justin Edgar
Tugumi	director	Jun Ichikawa
Uchū no hōsoku	director	Kazuyuki Izutsu
Almayer's Folly (film)	director	Chantal Akerman
The Miracle of Joe Petrel	director	Toshiya Fujita (director)
Eien no 1/2	director	Kichitaro Negishi
Shaso	director	Toshio Masuda
The Monster's Christmas	director	Yvonne Mackay
Paramaatma (1994 film)	director	Bapu
Desperate Lives	director	Robert Michael Lewis
Mt. Tsurugidake	director	Daisaku Kimura
Shiki Natsuko	director	Yōichi Higashi
False Positive (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
To Trap a Kidnapper	director	Shunya Itō
Hakujasho	director	Shunya Itō
The Sea and Poison	director	Kei Kumai
Danny (TV series)	director	Timothy Busfield
Danny (TV series)	director	Peter Lauer
Danny (TV series)	director	Lev L. Spiro
Wildflower (1914 film)	director	Allan Dwan
The Seven Sisters (1915 film)	director	Sidney Olcott
True or False-Face	director	William A. Graham
Mister Pellam	director	Bapu (artist)
Secret of the Sultan	director	Hakan Şahin
Kura (film)	director	Yasuo Furuhata
Ashokavana	director	Sam J Chaitanya
Queen of the Sun	director	Taggart Siegel
The Passion of John Ruskin	director	Alex Chapple
Kranti Kshetra	director	Rajeev Kumar
Albert Nobbs	director	Rodrigo García Barcha
East Lynne (1931 film)	director	Frank Lloyd
Faeries (1981 TV special)	director	Lee Mishkin
Nil Gavani Sellathey	director	Anand Chakravarthy
Kanasemba Kudureyaneri	director	Girish Kasaravalli
Raped by an Angel 2: The Uniform Fan	director	Aman Chang
Attack the Block	director	Joe Cornish (comedian)
Hindsight (film)	director	Paul Holahan
Muhafiz (1998)	director	Syed Noor
Detention (2011 film)	director	Joseph Kahn
Jolene (2008 film)	director	Dan Ireland
Undercover Christmas	director	Nadia Tass
Take Aim at the Police Van	director	Seijun Suzuki
King of Devil's Island	director	Marius Holst
Colorful (film)	director	Keiichi Hara
Buriki no kunsho	director	Setsuo Nakayama
Shikake-nin Baian	director	Yasuo Furuhata
Don series	director	Don (1978 film)
Don series	director	Farhan Akhtar
Stray Bullet (2010 film)	director	Georges Hachem
Stray Bullet (2010 film)	director	Hussein Gharib
Dobara	director	Shashi Ranjan
Yūgure made	director	Kazuo Kuroki
The Last Leaf	director	David Anspaugh
Bhairav (2001 Hindi film)	director	T L V Prasad
Nishana (1995 film)	director	Raj N Sippy
How Rare a Possession	director	Russell D. Holt
Rogues' Regiment	director	Robert Florey
Senna (film)	director	Asif Kapadia
Jaankhilavan Jasoos	director	B. P. Singh
Tournament - Play & Replay	director	Lal (actor)
Laugh It Up, Fuzzball: The Family Guy Trilogy	director	Dominic Polcino
Laugh It Up, Fuzzball: The Family Guy Trilogy	director	Peter Shin
Zakhmi Sipahi	director	T L V Prasad
Man's Search for Happiness (1964 film)	director	Wetzel Whitaker
There Was a Father	director	Yasujirō Ozu
The Hand That Rocks the Wheelchair	director	Brian Iles
Love Birds (2011 film)	director	Paul Murphy (cinematographer)
Mumbai-Pune-Mumbai	director	Satish Rajwade
The Impossible (film)	director	Juan Antonio Bayona
Alaska Passage	director	Edward Bernds
Mr. Popper's Penguins (film)	director	Mark Waters (director)
New York Tattoo Museum	director	Dozer (tattoo artist)
Slow Down Your Neighbors	director	Gail Mancuso
Hey DJ (film)	director	Jon Jacobs (actor)
Grayeagle	director	Charles B. Pierce
House of Anubis	director	Tom Poole
Anno 1790	director	Rickard Petrolius
Higglety Pigglety Pop! or There Must Be More to Life	director	Clyde Henry Productions
Rampart (film)	director	Oren Moverman
Brutally Normal	director	Marc Buckland
Brutally Normal	director	Michael M. Robin
Brutally Normal	director	Lev L. Spiro
Brutally Normal	director	Randall Zisk
Cradle Snatchers	director	Howard Hawks
Ahankaar (1995 film)	director	Ashim Samanta
Hardbodies 2	director	Mark Griffiths (film director)
Cats Dancing on Jupiter	director	Jordan Alan
Batman XXX: A Porn Parody	director	Axel Braun
Seeing Red (Dexter)	director	Michael Cuesta
King, Queen, Joker	director	Sydney Chaplin
Dress Parade (1927 film)	director	Donald Crisp
In Darkness and in Light	director	Cage Free
The Cow Who Wanted to Be a Hamburger	director	Bill Plympton
The Ledge (film)	director	Matthew Chapman (author)
Love & Distrust	director	Eric Kmetz
Love & Distrust	director	Daisy Gili
Love & Distrust	director	Lorraine Bracco
Love & Distrust	director	Diana Valentine
Love & Distrust	director	Warner Loughlin
Love & Distrust	director	Darcy Yuille
Beti No.1	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
Comin' Thro the Rye (1923 film)	director	Cecil Hepworth
Enchantment (1921 film)	director	Robert G. Vignola
Tito Satya	director	Deepak Raj Giri
Coordinates of Death	director	Samvel Gasparov
Coordinates of Death	director	Nguyen Xuan Chan
Life Begins at Eight-Thirty	director	Irving Pichel
Miss Representation	director	Jennifer Siebel
Shaktimaan (2005 film)	director	K.Ravi
Dancing Co-Ed	director	S. Sylvan Simon
Ab Insaf Hoga	director	Harish Shah
The Stars Shine (film)	director	Hans Heinz Zerlett
Kadalikka Neramillai	director	C. V. Sridhar
Asterix & Obelix: God Save Britannia	director	Laurent Tirard
The Athlete	director	Davey Frankel
The Athlete	director	Rasselas Lakew
Adhikar (1986 film)	director	Vijay Sadanah
Thenmerku Paruvakaatru	director	Seenu Ramasamy
Bayen Haath Ka Khel	director	Vijay Kaul
Arctic Blast (film)	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
NTSF:SD:SUV::	director	Eric Appel
NTSF:SD:SUV::	director	Ryan McFaul
Our Little Girl	director	John S. Robertson
The Last Exploits of the Olsen Gang	director	Erik Balling
Guneghar	director	Vikram Bhatt
The Stranger (1995 film)	director	Fritz Kiersch
Gunehgar (1995 film)	director	Vikram Bhatt
Nadhi (1969 film)	director	A. Vincent
Mother of a Different Kind	director	John Chiang (actor)
The Nativity (2010 TV series)	director	Coky Giedroyc
Afraid to Die	director	Yasuzo Masumura
All About Love (2010 film)	director	Ann Hui
Neurosia: 50 Years of Perversity	director	Rosa von Praunheim
Nayam Vyakthamakkunnu	director	Balachandra Menon
J. Edgar	director	Clint Eastwood
Camera Obscura (film)	director	Hamlet Sarkissian
Our Children, Ourselves	director	Adam Shankman
678 (film)	director	Mohamed Diab
Ramanan (film)	director	D. M. Pottekkat
Agni Varsha	director	Arjun Sajnani
Murappennu	director	A. Vincent
Mr. Bechara	director	K. Bhagyaraj
Alimjan Bolumsizmu	director	Kamil Tursun
Any Number Can Win (film)	director	Henri Verneuil
Iruttinte Athmavu	director	P. Bhaskaran
Belphegor the Mountebank	director	Bert Wynne
Pazhassi Raja (1964 film)	director	Kunchacko
The Woman Who Obeyed (1923 film)	director	Sidney Morgan
Huntingtower (1927 film)	director	George Pearson (filmmaker)
Finding Faith in Christ (2003 film)	director	T. C. Christensen
Finding Faith in Christ (2003 film)	director	Gary Cook (director)
Just Inès	director	Marcel Grant
Diya Aur Toofan(1995 film)	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
Bhishma (1996 film)	director	Jagdish A Sharma
His House in Order (1928 film)	director	Randle Ayrton
Beware of Pity	director	Maurice Elvey
Together Forever (film)	director	Michael McLean (composer)
The Girl with a Hatbox	director	Boris Barnet
Dead Man's Shoes (1939 film)	director	Thomas Bentley
Xenogenesis (film)	director	James Cameron
Xenogenesis (film)	director	Randall Frakes
The Light in the Forest (film)	director	Herschel Daugherty
Skyway (1933 film)	director	Lewis D. Collins
Parama Veera Chakra	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
Charlie Chan at the Olympics	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Bolbol Hayran	director	Khalid Mar'iee
So Undercover	director	Tom Vaughan (director)
Meri Pyaari Bahania Banegi Dulhania	director	Jayant Gilatar
Insaaf Ki Jung (2006 film)	director	Prakash Kapoor
Guru (2003 film)	director	Swapan Saha
Phantom Ranger (1938 film)	director	Sam Newfield
The Law Rides Again	director	Alan James
Shake, Rattle & Roll XII	director	Jerrold Tarog
Charlie Chan on Broadway	director	Eugene Forde
The Bargain (1914 film)	director	Reginald Barker
Cry of Jazz	director	Edward Bland
Our Lady of the Sphere	director	Larry Jordan
I Am Joaquin (film)	director	Luis Valdez
Study of a River	director	Peter Hutton
Lonesome	director	Paul Fejos
Escapade (1935 film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Super City (TV series)	director	Taika Waititi
A Trip Down Market Street	director	Miles Brothers
Preservation of the Sign Language	director	George Veditz
Tarantella (film)	director	Mary Ellen Bute
Charlie Chan in Reno	director	Norman Foster (director)
Charlie Chan at Treasure Island	director	Norman Foster (director)
On the Way Home (1992 film)	director	Kieth Merrill
Johnny Lingo (1969 film)	director	Wetzel Whitaker
The Moth of Moonbi	director	Charles Chauvel (filmmaker)
Babu Badshah	director	Prakash Kapoor
Barood (2004 Bengali film)	director	T L V Prasad
Arjun Rickshawala	director	Imraan Khalid
You're Not So Tough	director	Joe May
Murder Over New York	director	Harry Lachman
Dead Men Tell	director	Harry Lachman
The Mailbox (film)	director	David K. Jacobs
The Phone Call	director	Douglas G. Johnson
Gun (2010 film)	director	Jessy Terrero
Mirapakaay	director	Harish Shankar
Manasantha Nuvve	director	V. N. Aditya
33 Scenes From Life	director	Malgorzata Szumowska
Moonlight on the Highway	director	James MacTaggart
Such Is the Law (1930 film)	director	Sinclair Hill
Down Our Street (1932 film)	director	Harry Lachman
Animal (1977 film)	director	Claude Zidi
Shadows Over Chinatown	director	Terry O. Morse
Position Among the Stars	director	Leonard Retel Helmrich
Beneath the Darkness	director	Martin Guigui
Superdome (film)	director	Jerry Jameson
Shape of the Moon	director	Leonard Retel Helmrich
Eye of the Day	director	Leonard Retel Helmrich
Swords and Hearts	director	D. W. Griffith
An Arcadian Maid	director	D. W. Griffith
Chuck Versus the Balcony	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
Poodle Springs (film)	director	Bob Rafelson
The Girl and Her Trust	director	D. W. Griffith
The Jade Mask	director	Phil Rosen
August 15 (2011 film)	director	Shaji Kailas
Daanveer (1996 film)	director	T L V Prasad
Apne Dam Par (1996 film)	director	Arshad Khan
Dragonfly Squadron	director	Lesley Selander
Shapath (1997 film)	director	Rajiv Babbar
Mawali No.1 (2002 film)	director	Leela V Prasad
Zeitgeist: Addendum	director	Peter Joseph
Docks of New Orleans	director	Derwin Abrahams
Shanghai Chest	director	William Beaudine
Detachment (film)	director	Tony Kaye (director)
Norman Corwin Presents	director	George McCowan
Norman Corwin Presents	director	Herb Roland
The Perks of Being a Wallflower (film)	director	Stephen Chbosky
Sky Dragon	director	Lesley Selander
Bye Bye Bangkok	director	Aniket Chattopadhaya
Giant (2009 film)	director	Adrián Biniez
Jagadeka Veeruni Katha	director	Kadri Venkata Reddy
Sabdhan Pancha Aashche (film)	director	Arin Paul
Joyful Noise (film)	director	Todd Graff
Peace, Love and Misunderstanding	director	Bruce Beresford
Everyone Else	director	Maren Ade
That Should Not Be: Our Children Will Accuse Us	director	Jean-Paul Jaud
Love Hurts (2009 film)	director	Barra Grant
Drive (2011 film)	director	Nicolas Winding Refn
To the Limit (2007 film)	director	Pepe Danquart
Livid (film)	director	Julien Maury and Alexandre Bustillo
Livid (film)	director	Julien Maury and Alexandre Bustillo
The War of the Roses (film)	director	Danny DeVito
The Jackal (2010 film)	director	Erhan Kozan
Story of a Discharged Prisoner	director	Patrick Lung Kong
Forget Me Not Farm	director	Celia Bonner
Jake and the Never Land Pirates	director	Howy Parkins
On the Ropes (2011 film)	director	Mark Noyce
The Crucifix (1934 film)	director	G. B. Samuelson
Zen (TV series)	director	John Alexander (director)
Zen (TV series)	director	Christopher Menaul
Zen (TV series)	director	Jon Jones (director)
Swathi Thirunal (film)	director	Lenin Rajendran
Gravity (film)	director	Alfonso Cuarón
Husbands, Wives & Lovers	director	James Burrows
Husbands, Wives & Lovers	director	Marc Daniels
Husbands, Wives & Lovers	director	Alan Myerson
Husbands, Wives & Lovers	director	Bill Persky
Lipstikka	director	Jonathan Sagall
Mumu (film)	director	W:fr:Joël Séria
If Not Us, Who?	director	Andres Veiel
Yelling to the Sky	director	Victoria Mahoney
The Future (film)	director	Miranda July
Another Earth	director	Mike Cahill (director)
Castle in the Desert	director	Harry Lachman
Pina (film)	director	Wim Wenders
Belle Chose (Dollhouse)	director	David Solomon (producer)
The Shanghai Cobra	director	Phil Karlson
Wild Kratts	director	Martin Kratt
Wild Kratts	director	Chris Kratt
In the Name of the King 2	director	Uwe Boll
Nénette	director	Nicolas Philibert
OOO, Den-O, All Riders: Let's Go Kamen Riders	director	Osamu Kaneda
Black Magic (1944 film)	director	Phil Rosen
Jai Bolo Telangana	director	Nimmala Shankar
Big Nazi on Campus	director	Charles Braverman
Death of a Few Salesmen	director	Bill Bixby
Vertical (Sledge Hammer!)	director	Reza Badiyi
Bad News (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
To Live and Die on TV	director	Dan Attias
Last of the Red Hot Vampires	director	Bill Bixby
Hammer Hits the Rock	director	Bill Bixby
They Call Me Mr. Trunk	director	Seymour Robbie
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules (film)	director	David Bowers (director)
Flirt (1983 film)	director	Roberto Russo
To Be A Somebody	director	Tim Fywell
Tight Quarters	director	György Szomjas
The Chinese Cat	director	Phil Rosen
Just Call Me Nobody	director	Kevin Chu
Lilac Ball	director	Pavel Arsenov
Followers	director	Jonathan M. Flicker
Sarvakalashala	director	Venu Nagavally
Agnidevan	director	Venu Nagavally
Skinning (film)	director	Stefan Filipović
Saber of London	director	Richard Lester
True Adolescents	director	Craig Johnson
Charlie Chan in the Secret Service	director	Phil Rosen
Man Without Memory	director	Kurt Gloor
Caught in the Act (Modern Family)	director	Michael Spiller
Skin Trade (film)	director	Dolph Lundgren
Free Man (film)	director	Mehmet Tanrısever
Belinda (film)	director	Pamela Gibbons
Australian Made: The Movie	director	Richard Lowenstein
Dawson Isla 10	director	Miguel Littín
Kaalia (1997 film)	director	T L V Prasad
Jeevan Yudh	director	Partho Ghosh
Universal Soldiers	director	Griff Furst
Ormai è fatta!	director	Enzo Monteleone
Pearl Jam Twenty	director	Cameron Crowe
Kanchana Ganga	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
Off-Balance	director	Shin Togashi
The Angel's Egg	director	Shin Togashi
Palangal	director	Bharathan
Asha Jyoti	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
Chamaram	director	Bharathan
De stille Oceaan	director	Digna Sinke
Elysium (film)	director	Neill Blomkamp
Chuck Versus the Gobbler	director	Milan Cheylov
Osey Ramulamma	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
Dorothy Mills	director	Agnès Merlet
The Happy Housewife	director	Antoinette Beumer
Abel Cain	director	Alejandro Jodorowsky
Golconda High School	director	Mohan Krishna Indraganti
Springtime in the Rockies (1937 film)	director	Joseph Kane
Marked Trails	director	John P. McCarthy
When's Your Birthday?	director	Harry Beaumont
A Lawman Is Born	director	Sam Newfield
The Drums of Jeopardy (1923 film)	director	Edward Dillon (actor)
The Drums of Jeopardy (1931 film)	director	George B. Seitz
Jesse James' Women	director	Don "Red" Barry
Tomorrow We Live (1942 film)	director	Edgar G. Ulmer
Rollin' Plains	director	Albert Herman
Woman Who Exposes Herself	director	Masaru Konuma
Karadağlar	director	Oğuzhan Tercan
Hababam Sınıfı Tatilde	director	Ertem Eğilmez
Thanga Meengal	director	Ram (director)
Bloom in the Moonlight	director	Shinichirō Sawai
Tarkan Versus the Vikings	director	Mehmet Arslan
The Deathless Devil	director	Yılmaz Atadeniz
Laila Majnu (1949 film)	director	P. S. Ramakrishna Rao
Kazoku (film)	director	Yoji Yamada
And I'm Joyce Kinney	director	Dominic Bianchi
Pioneers in Petticoats	director	Wetzel Whitaker
Chillerama	director	Adam Rifkin
Chillerama	director	Tim Sullivan (director)
Chillerama	director	Adam Green (filmmaker)
Chillerama	director	Joe Lynch (director)
Mac on the Rocks	director	Luis Romero
China Town (2011 film)	director	Rafi Mecartin
Los Beverly de Peralvillo (film)	director	Hernán Cortés
Jeevana Tarangalu	director	Tatineni Rama Rao
The Yin and the Yang of Mr. Go	director	Burgess Meredith
Round-Up Time in Texas	director	Joseph Kane
Public Cowboy No. 1	director	Joseph Kane
The Oath and the Man	director	D. W. Griffith
The Sunbeam (1912 film)	director	D. W. Griffith
Wedding ring (Russian television series)	director	Dmitry Goldman
After Darkness	director	Sergio Guerraz
After Darkness	director	Dominique Othenin-Girard
Count to Ten (film)	director	Oscar Barney Finn
Daengbyeot	director	Hah Myung-joong
Om Allah	director	Faisal Saif
Fumō Chitai	director	Satsuo Yamamoto
Ganga Ki Kasam (1999 film)	director	T L V Prasad
Que familia tan cotorra!	director	Hernán Cortés
Bornova Bornova	director	İnan Temelkuran
Aranyakam	director	Hariharan (director)
Sher-E-Hindustan	director	T L V Prasad
Saazish (1998 film)	director	Sudhir R Nair
The Children (1984 film)	director	Marguerite Duras
The Children (1984 film)	director	Jean Mascolo
The Children (1984 film)	director	Jean-Marc Turine
Charade (1984 film)	director	John Minnis (animator)
Ah! Nomugi Toge	director	Satsuo Yamamoto
Tsugaru Folk Song	director	Kōichi Saitō (film director)
The Homeless (film)	director	Kōichi Saitō (film director)
Morenga	director	Egon Günther
Shinobu Kawa	director	Kei Kumai
Ima Hitotabi no	director	Heinosuke Gosho
Karadağlar (episode 9)	director	Oğuzhan Tercan
1919 (film)	director	Hugh Brody
Noc smaragdového měsíce	director	Václav Matějka
Pehlivan (film)	director	Zeki Ökten
Holy Land Hardball	director	Brett Rapkin
Holy Land Hardball	director	Erik Kesten
Scrat's Continental Crack-up	director	Steve Martino
Scrat's Continental Crack-up	director	Mike Thurmeier
Going Shopping	director	Henry Jaglom
Paramathma	director	Yograj Bhat
Severe Clear	director	Kristian Fraga
Aru yo no Tonosama	director	Teinosuke Kinugasa
A Soldier's Prayer	director	Masaki Kobayashi
Tabi no omosa	director	Kōichi Saitō (film director)
Hahaha (film)	director	Hong Sang-soo
Heartbeats (film)	director	Xavier Dolan
The Lips	director	Iván Fund
The Lips	director	Santiago Loza
Leave Them Laughing	director	John Zaritsky
Rebecca H. (Return to the Dogs)	director	Lodge Kerrigan
Aidan Walsh: Master of the Universe	director	Shimmy Marcus
Carrot or Stick (House)	director	David Straiton
Pavithra Bandham	director	Muthyala Subbaiah
My First Love (film)	director	Gilbert Cates
Night Fishing (film)	director	Park Chan-wook
Night Fishing (film)	director	Park Chan-kyong
Papirosnitsa ot Mosselproma	director	Yuri Zhelyabuzhsky
Seetharamaiah Gari Manavaralu	director	Kranthi Kumar
Chirusoku no natsu	director	Kiyoshi Sasabe
Page One: Inside the New York Times	director	Andrew Rossi
Don't Look Back (1999 film)	director	Akihiko Shiota
R U There	director	David Verbeek
The Strange Case of Angelica	director	Manoel de Oliveira
Pizza Connection (film)	director	Damiano Damiani
The Descendant of the Snow Leopard	director	Tolomush Okeyev
Dead And Deader	director	Patrick Dinhut
Eyeborgs	director	Richard Clabaugh
Sahara Jaluchi	director	Sudhanshu Sahu
Guerrero 12	director	Miguel A. Reina
Octavio (film)	director	José Antonio Torres
Thiruthalvaadi	director	Viji Thampi
Oru Kal Oru Kannadi	director	M. Rajesh (director)
Force (film)	director	Nishikant Kamat
The Practice of Love	director	Valie Export
Death in a French Garden	director	Michel Deville
Mar Jawan Gur Khake	director	Aditya Sood
Seburi monogatari	director	Sadao Nakajima
Stico	director	Jaime de Armiñán
Flowers of Reverie	director	László Lugossy
Rain on the Roof	director	Alan Bridges
Cream in My Coffee	director	Gavin Millar
Elephant White	director	Prachya Pinkaew
Otto – Der Film	director	Xaver Schwarzenberger
Otto – Der Film	director	Otto Waalkes
3 Minutes	director	Ross Ching
5 Against the House	director	Phil Karlson
That Summer (film)	director	Philippe Garrel
Paradise (2011 film)	director	Ulrich Seidl
Season's Greetings (film)	director	Vikram Chopra
Thanks (film)	director	Martin Bergman
Villain (2010 film)	director	Lee Sang-il
The Death of the White Stallion	director	Christian Ziewer
Anuvahood	director	Adam Deacon
Shattered Image	director	Raúl Ruiz
Aarakshan	director	Prakash Jha
S.W.A.T.: Firefight	director	Benny Boom
Miss Kamala	director	T. P. Rajalakshmi
Burma Rani	director	T. R. Sundaram
Manonmani (film)	director	T. R. Sundaram
Saved by the Great White Hope	director	Daniel Minahan
The Kid with a Bike	director	Dardenne brothers
Six Bridges to Cross	director	Joseph Pevney
Waiting for Godik	director	Ari Davidovich
F (film)	director	Johannes Roberts
Into the White Night	director	Yoshihiro Fukagawa
Wrath of the Titans	director	Jonathan Liebesman
Student of the Year (film)	director	Karan Johar
Love Me!	director	Kay Pollak
Anne Trister	director	Léa Pool
Dawn (1985 film)	director	Miklós Jancsó
Chuck Versus the Push Mix	director	Peter Lauer
Ticking Clock	director	Ernie Barbarash
Radha Kalyanam (1935 film)	director	C. K. Sathasivan
Sathi Murali	director	T. C. Vadivelu Naicker
Maatraan	director	K. V. Anand
La Teacher de Inglés	director	Andrés Marroquín
Inu to Anata no Monogatari	director	Shunichi Nagasaki
Baby (2008 film)	director	Juwan Chung
Camorra (A Story of Streets, Women and Crime)	director	Lina Wertmüller
Elsö kétszáz évem	director	Gyula Maár
The Chaperone (film)	director	Stephen Herek
Adventures on Orsum Island	director	David Mitton
Santrash	director	Narayan Ray
Machete (TV series)	director	Don Michael Perez
Machete (TV series)	director	Gina Alajar
Shady Talez	director	John Davis (producer)
Southpaw (2013 film)	director	Antoine Fuqua
Rosalie (film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Roll Up Your Sleeves	director	Dylan Haskins
Kiler-ów 2-óch	director	Juliusz Machulski
The Young and The Brave	director	Francis D. Lyon
Sketches of Kaitan City	director	Kazuyoshi Kumakiri
Hold Back the Night	director	Allan Dwan
A Tale of Mari and Three Puppies	director	Ryuichi Inomata
The Bishop Revival	director	Adam Davidson (director)
Military Raaj	director	Sanjay Sharma
Hatyara (1998 film)	director	T L V Prasad
Ottayal Pattalam	director	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
Alakdana (TV show)	director	Mac Alejandre
Flight North	director	Ingemo Engström
Gilsoddeum	director	Im Kwon-taek
The House on the River	director	Roland Gräf
Here Comes the Bride, My Mom!	director	Mipo Oh
Heidenlöcher	director	Wolfram Paulus
The Smile of the Lamb	director	Shimon Dotan
Adagio (film)	director	Garri Bardin
Heaven's Story	director	Takahisa Zeze
Mania (film)	director	Giorgos Panousopoulos
Derivative (film)	director	Ulaş İnaç
The Encounter (film)	director	Ömer Kavur
The Homeless Student	director	Tomoyuki Furumaya
The Journey of a Young Composer	director	Georgiy Shengelaya
Johari Window (Fringe)	director	Joe Chappelle
Cheers, to Those Who Stay	director	Mounia Akl
Cheers, to Those Who Stay	director	Cyril Aris
Cosmos (film)	director	Reha Erdem
Tomorrow, the World	director	Leslie Fenton
Singing in the Dark	director	Max Nosseck
The Wound	director	Yılmaz Arslan
Among Giants	director	Sam Miller
I'll Always Remember You	director	Bob Koherr
Primary Suspect	director	Jeff Celentano
Noah's Ark (1956 TV series)	director	Jack Webb
Swaroopam	director	K. R. Mohanan
The Ricky Gervais Show (animated series)	director	Dan Fraga
Wherever I Go	director	Bob Koherr
Wanted (2011 film)	director	B.V.S.Ravi
Sattapadi Kutram	director	S. A. Chandrasekhar
Hitokiri (film)	director	Hideo Gosha
Weaving Girl	director	Wang Quan'an
My Favorite Fairy Tales	director	Robert Barron
Silly Love Songs (Glee)	director	Tate Donovan
King Khan (documentary)	director	Shahrukh Khan
Casa de Mi Padre	director	Matt Piedmont
Red Kiss	director	Véra Belmont
Last Words (How I Met Your Mother)	director	Pamela Fryman
My Darling, My Darling (film)	director	Eduard Sachariev
Say Nothing	director	Allan Moyle
Lenexa, 1 Mile	director	Jason Wiles
Ustadon Ke Ustad (1998 film)	director	T L V Prasad
Hitler (1998 film)	director	T L V Prasad
Bhakta Kuchela (1961 film)	director	P. Subramaniam
Bhaktha Kuchela (1936 film)	director	K. Subramaniam
Disarm (Grey's Anatomy episode)	director	Debbie Allen
No Greater Glory (1934 film)	director	Frank Borzage
Final Fantasy XIII-2	director	Motomu Toriyama
Circle of Violence: A Family Drama	director	David Greene (director)
Living Together (film)	director	Fazil
The Night of Love (1927 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
You May Not Kiss the Bride	director	Rob Hedden
Two Lovers (1928 film)	director	Fred Niblo
The Dark Angel (1925 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
Feel (film)	director	Matt Mahurin
Teo el pelirrojo	director	Paco Lucio
Gonza the Spearman	director	Masahiro Shinoda
Frankie Starlight	director	Michael Lindsay-Hogg
Dongala Mutha	director	Ram Gopal Varma
The Interrupters	director	Steve James (producer)
A Good Man (film)	director	Gordon Quinn
Jacksonville (Fringe)	director	Charles Beeson (director)
Amaya (TV series)	director	Mac Alejandre
The Problem Solverz	director	Russell Jones (animator)
Hello Stranger (film)	director	Banjong Pisanthanakun
The Texas Rangers (1936 film)	director	King Vidor
Brown Betty (Fringe)	director	Seith Mann
The Bang Bang Club (film)	director	Steven Silver (film director)
No Crossover: The Trial of Allen Iverson	director	Steve James (producer)
Three Brothers (short)	director	Friz Freleng
Karate for Life	director	Kazuhiko Yamaguchi
El hombre y la Tierra	director	Félix Rodríguez de la Fuente
Surviving: A Family in Crisis	director	Waris Hussein
Bead Game	director	Ishu Patel
Prisoner of Her Past	director	Gordon Quinn
Sister Street Fighter: Hanging by a Thread	director	Kazuhiko Yamaguchi
The Return of the Sister Street Fighter	director	Kazuhiko Yamaguchi
Sister Street Fighter - Fifth Level Fist	director	Shigehiro Ozawa
Chuck Versus the Seduction Impossible	director	Patrick Norris
Arabiyum Ottakavum P. Madhavan Nairum	director	Priyadarshan
In the Family	director	Joanna Rudnick
Qualunquemente	director	Giulio Manfredonia
Krishna Kuchela	director	Kunchacko
Asthram	director	P. N. Menon
Uttarayanam	director	G. Aravindan
Arante Mulla Kochu Mulla	director	Balachandra Menon
Ente Ammu Ninte Thulasi Avarude Chakki	director	Balachandra Menon
Ente Veedu Appuvinteyum	director	Sibi Malayil
Our Grand Despair	director	Seyfi Teoman
Socks and Cakes	director	Antonio Padovan
The Forgiveness of Blood	director	Joshua Marston
The Off Hours	director	Megan Griffiths
Nader and Simin, A Separation	director	Asghar Farhadi
The Iron Lady (film)	director	Phyllida Lloyd
The Children of the Marshland	director	Jean Becker (director)
Terror in a Texas Town	director	Joseph H. Lewis
Operation Righteous Cowboy Lightning	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Mrs. Donaghy	director	Tricia Brock (director)
Go Big or Go Home	director	Dean Holland
The Dictator (2012 film)	director	Larry Charles
Ala Modalaindi	director	Nandini Reddy
Confessions of a Sexist Pig	director	Sandy Tung
One Minute to Nine	director	Tommy Davis (director)
Montevideo, God Bless You!	director	Dragan Bjelogrlić
A Star Is Born (2012 film)	director	Clint Eastwood
Crackie	director	Sherry White
Taylor Chain	director	Gordon Quinn
A Mysterious World	director	Rodrigo Moreno
The Prize (2011 film)	director	Paula Markovitch
Harry Clarke – Darkness in Light	director	John J Doherty
Pidakkozhi Koovunna Noottandu	director	Viji Thampi
The Road Not Taken (Fringe)	director	Fred Toye
The Dennis Day Show	director	Rod Amateau
The Ghosts Must Be Crazy	director	Mark Lee
The Ghosts Must Be Crazy	director	Boris Boo
It's a Great, Great World	director	Kelvin Tong
Lelio Popo	director	Adrian Teh
Friends of Peter G.	director	John Holmquist
The Pathfinder (film)	director	Donald Shebib
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close (film)	director	Stephen Daldry
Bailey's Billion$	director	David Devine
Farewell Letter	director	David Grossman (director)
The Big Bang (2011 film)	director	Tony Krantz
Father Vojtech (1929 film)	director	Martin Frič
Ma and Pa Kettle at Home	director	Charles Lamont
Ma and Pa Kettle at Waikiki	director	Lee Sholem
The Kettles in the Ozarks	director	Charles Lamont
The Kettles on Old MacDonald's Farm	director	Virgil W. Vogel
The Undefeated (2000 film)	director	Oles Yanchuk
Airbag (film)	director	Juanma Bajo Ulloa
The Firefly (Fringe)	director	Charles Beeson (director)
Devta (1998 film)	director	Jagdish A Sharma
Dark Metropolis	director	Stewart St. John
The Organist at St. Vitus' Cathedral	director	Martin Frič
The Orator	director	Tusi Tamasese
Vše pro lásku	director	Martin Frič
Chudá holka	director	Martin Frič
The Last Bohemian (1931 film)	director	Martin Frič
The Squeaker (1931 film)	director	Martin Frič
The Squeaker (1931 film)	director	Karel Lamač
Snow White: The Sequel	director	Picha
The Sleep of Babies	director	Terrence O'Hara
Sister Angelika	director	Martin Frič
Wehe, wenn er losgelassen	director	Martin Frič
Wehe, wenn er losgelassen	director	Karel Lamač
The Sorceror (film)	director	Martin Frič
The Sorceror (film)	director	Karel Lamač
Strike Commando	director	Bruno Mattei
The Search (The Office)	director	Michael Spiller
Vuelo secreto	director	Yo soy Betty, la fea
Entrada (Fringe)	director	Brad Anderson (director)
The Iceman (film)	director	Ariel Vromen
Over There (Fringe)	director	Akiva Goldsman
Do Numbri (1998 film)	director	T L V Prasad
Pyasi Aatma (1998 film)	director	P Chandrakumar
The Boys From Fengkuei	director	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
A Summer at Grandpa's	director	Hou Hsiao-Hsien
Drunken Monkey (film)	director	Lau Kar-leung
You Must Remember This (House)	director	David Platt (director)
The Girl with the Hungry Eyes (1995 film)	director	Jon Jacobs (actor)
Scapegoat (film)	director	Cenk Özakıncı
High School Debut (film)	director	Tsutomu Hanabusa
Violin (film)	director	Sibi Malayil
Teater Paradižnik	director	Branko Đurić
The Plateau (Fringe)	director	Brad Anderson (director)
Life Is a Dog	director	Martin Frič
Public Not Admitted	director	Martin Frič
The Ideal Schoolmaster	director	Martin Frič
No One's Son	director	Arsen Anton Ostojić
FlightPathTV	director	Malcolm Clement and Andy McGrath
Safe (Fringe)	director	Michael Zinberg
Himmatwala (1998 film)	director	Jayant Gilatar
Dark and Stormy Night (film)	director	Larry Blamire
Gabbar Singh (film)	director	Harish Shankar
Faust (2011 film)	director	Alexander Sokurov
The Drug Knot	director	Anson Williams
Maya (1966 film)	director	John Berry (film director)
Gor (film)	director	Fritz Kiersch
The Mad Woman in the Attic (Cracker)	director	Michael Winterbottom
The Little Pet	director	Martin Frič
Akai Tsuki	director	Yasuo Furuhata
Let's Pollute	director	Geefwee Boedoe
Mafia Raaj	director	Yeshwantt
Ropewalk (2000 film)	director	Matt Brown
The Promise (2011 TV serial)	director	Peter Kosminsky
Kahani Kismat Ki (1999 film)	director	Farogh Siddiqui
L'Aîné des Ferchaux	director	Jean-Pierre Melville
Roop Ki Rani Choron Ka Raja	director	Satish Kaushik
Zenda (marathi movie)	director	Avadhoot Gupte
I Want to Go Home (film)	director	Alain Resnais
Bharosa	director	K. Shankar
Don Quixote (2010 film)	director	Ah Gan
Night Is Day	director	Fraser Coull
Manamagan Thevai	director	P. S. Ramakrishna Rao
Raspberry Magic	director	Leena Pendharkar
The Double Fiance	director	Martin Frič
Jánošík (1935 film)	director	Martin Frič
Golub (film)	director	Gordon Quinn
A Song for Tibet	director	Anne Henderson
Room in Rome	director	Julio Médem
Le Franc	director	Djibril Diop Mambéty
Bixby's Back	director	Chris Koch
Sanyasi Mera Naam	director	Imran Khalid
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Road Runner and Wile E. Coyote: Supergenius Hijinks	director	Chuck Jones
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Road Runner and Wile E. Coyote: Supergenius Hijinks	director	Rudy Larriva
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Road Runner and Wile E. Coyote: Supergenius Hijinks	director	Robert McKimson
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Road Runner and Wile E. Coyote: Supergenius Hijinks	director	Spike Brandt and Tony Cervone
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Road Runner and Wile E. Coyote: Supergenius Hijinks	director	Bret Haaland
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Road Runner and Wile E. Coyote: Supergenius Hijinks	director	Matthew O'Callaghan
Snehapoorvam Anna	director	Sangeeth Sivan
Dark Places	director	Don Sharp
Babaeng Hampaslupa	director	Eric Quizon
Babaeng Hampaslupa	director	Joyce E. Bernal
Ambikapathy (1957 film)	director	P. Neelakantan
Long Live with Dearly Departed	director	Martin Frič
Paradise Road (1936 film)	director	Martin Frič
The Seamstress	director	Martin Frič
Father Vojtech (1936 film)	director	Martin Frič
Zeitgeist: Moving Forward	director	Peter Joseph
The Box (Fringe)	director	Jeffrey Hunt
Bhalobaslei Ghor Bandha Jay Na	director	Jakir Hossain Raju
Flu Season (Parks and Recreation)	director	Wendey Stanzler
Samaantar	director	Amol Palekar
Lucky Jordan	director	Frank Tuttle
The Rifleman of the Voroshilov Regiment	director	Stanislav Govorukhin
Power Kids	director	Krissanapong Rachata
Operation Antha	director	Upendra
Grey Matters (Fringe)	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Noticias Uno	director	Cecilia Orozco Tascón
Noticias Uno	director	Daniel Coronell
The World Is Ours (film)	director	Martin Frič
Krok do tmy	director	Martin Frič
Leonard Betts (X-Files episode)	director	Kim Manners
The Seminar	director	B. J. Novak
A Lesson in Love (1931 film)	director	Casey Robinson
Tales of the Night (2011 film)	director	Michel Ocelot
Rana (film)	director	K. S. Ravikumar
Valley of the Wolves: Karabakh	director	Zübeyr Şaşmaz
Khotey Sikkey	director	Siddharth Anand Kumar, Jijy Philip
La Petite Vendeuse de Soleil	director	Djibril Diop Mambéty
Dr. Kildare Goes Home	director	Harold S. Bucquet
Reciprocity (Fringe)	director	Jeannot Szwarc
Lidé na kře	director	Martin Frič
Mines are mine	director	Vipin Behari
Lawyer Vera	director	Martin Frič
The Haunted Mask (TV special)	director	Timothy Bond
Muž z neznáma	director	Martin Frič
Fermo con le mani	director	Gero Zambuto
Binary Domain	director	Toshihiro Nagoshi
The Lucky Lady	director	Raoul Walsh
The Fighting Coward	director	James Cruze
You Never Know Women	director	William A. Wellman
Brass (film)	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
All the Brothers Were Valiant (1923 film)	director	Irvin Willat
Daddies (1924 film)	director	William A. Seiter
Rubber Tires	director	Alan Hale, Sr.
Lonely Wives (film)	director	Russell V. Mack
Dancing Mothers	director	Herbert Brenon
Driven (1923 film)	director	Charles Brabin
Kathanayakudu (2008 film)	director	P. Vasu
Badou Boy	director	Djibril Diop Mambéty
The Sicilian Girl	director	Marco Amenta
Jiný vzduch	director	Martin Frič
How to Die in Oregon	director	Peter Richardson (filmmaker)
Olivia (Fringe)	director	Joe Chappelle
Totò Le Mokò	director	Carlo Ludovico Bragaglia
Miseria e Nobiltà	director	Mario Mattoli
Pub Royale	director	Glenn-emlyn Richards
Muzikantská Liduška	director	Martin Frič
Second Tour	director	Martin Frič
The Hard Life of an Adventurer	director	Martin Frič
Auntie's Fantasies	director	Martin Frič
Harumi (film)	director	Ghislaine Heger
Kiss Me Again (1925 film)	director	Ernst Lubitsch
Compromise (1925 film)	director	Alan Crosland
Paranormal Activity 3	director	Ariel Schulman
Paranormal Activity 3	director	Henry Joost
What Lies Below	director	Deran Sarafian
A Trick of Light	director	Wim Wenders
Griff the Invisible	director	Leon Ford
Vastadu Naa Raju	director	Hemant Madhukar
Patisserie Coin de rue	director	Yoshihiro Fukagawa
German Guy	director	Cyndi Tang
The Doctor's Horrible Experiment	director	Jean Renoir
Naya Kadam	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Bury Me Dead	director	Bernard Vorhaus
The Adventures of Paddy the Pelican	director	Sam Singer
Eito Prem	director	Shohel Arman
Nothing to Declare (film)	director	Dany Boon
Amber 31422	director	David Straiton
Santiago Files	director	Cetywa Powell
Life Belongs to Us	director	Jacques Becker
Life Belongs to Us	director	Jacques B. Brunius
Life Belongs to Us	director	Henri Cartier-Bresson
Life Belongs to Us	director	Jean-Paul Le Chanois
Life Belongs to Us	director	Maurice Lime
Life Belongs to Us	director	Jean Renoir
Life Belongs to Us	director	Pierre Unik
Life Belongs to Us	director	André Zwoboda
Dui Prithibi (2010 film)	director	Raj Chakraborty
Fighter (2011 film)	director	Rabi Kinagi
Bad Blood: A Cautionary Tale	director	Marilyn Ness
Karadağlar (episode 13)	director	Oğuzhan Tercan
F.A.L.T.U	director	Remo D'Souza
Katha Screenplay Darshakatvam Appalaraju	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Return of Jewel Thief	director	Ashok Tyagi
Main zindagi hoon	director	Prashant Bhilare
Forest of the Living Dead	director	Shan Serafin
Mounam Kalaihirathu	director	Kundrai Vaendan Karikalan
Maharshi (film)	director	Vamsy
The Cold Light of Day (film)	director	Mabrouk El Mechri
The Shadow (2011 film)	director	Vishnuvardhan (director)
Nazrana (1987 film)	director	Ravi Tandon
Anarkali (1966 film)	director	Kunchacko
Sket	director	Nirpal Bhogal
Valentin the Good	director	Martin Frič
The Second Shot	director	Martin Frič
Experiment (1943 film)	director	Martin Frič
Seniors (film)	director	Vyshakh
It's a Grand Life	director	John E. Blakeley
Kali Ghata (1951 film)	director	Kishore Sahu
Twinkle Twinkle Unknown Star	director	Prashant Bhilare
Adhyayam Onnu Muthal	director	Sathyan Anthikad
The Confession (2010 film)	director	Tanel Toom
Haze (2010 film)	director	Tayfun Pirselimoğlu
Hachiko Monogatari	director	Seijirō Kōyama
The Werewolf of Fever Swamp (TV special)	director	William Fruet
Princess Party	director	Michael Spiller
I, Lovett	director	Ron Bain
Alps (film)	director	Yorgos Lanthimos
Angaaray (1986 film)	director	Rajesh Seth
The Respectable Ladies of Pardubice	director	Martin Frič
Dir zuliebe	director	Martin Frič
Černí myslivci	director	Martin Frič
Alice Through the Looking Glass (1987 film)	director	Andrea Bresciani
Alice Through the Looking Glass (1987 film)	director	Richard Slapczynski
Way Out West (1930 film)	director	Fred Niblo
Other Angels	director	Emre Yalgın
The Adventures of Pow Wow	director	Sam Singer
Touki Bouki	director	Djibril Diop Mambéty
Satan Hates You	director	James Felix McKenney
Marionette (Fringe)	director	Joe Chappelle
The Sudden Storm	director	Bill Bain (director)
This Movie Is Broken	director	Bruce McDonald (film director)
Saathi (1991 film)	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Bleak Moments	director	Mike Leigh
La Maison du Bonheur	director	Dany Boon
The Wedding Ring (1944 film)	director	Martin Frič
Guard 13	director	Martin Frič
Warning (film)	director	Martin Frič
Warning (film)	director	Paľo Bielik
Anarchy Reigns	director	Masaki Yamanaka
Once Upon a Time in Anatolia	director	Nuri Bilge Ceylan
Stage Mother (film)	director	Charles Brabin
Jordon Saffron Taste This!	director	Sergio Myers
Hard Labour (film)	director	Mike Leigh
Time Capsule (Parks and Recreation)	director	Michael Schur
Do Shapeshifters Dream of Electric Sheep?	director	Kenneth Fink
Nootrukku Nooru (1971 film)	director	K. Balachander
Iddaru Asadhyule	director	K.S.R. Das
Blame It on the Alcohol	director	Eric Stoltz
Haunted – 3D	director	Vikram Bhatt
Bob and the Monster	director	Keirda Bahruth
The Sign of Four (1983 film)	director	Desmond Davis
Trishna (2011 film)	director	Michael Winterbottom
The Code of Marcia Gray	director	Frank Lloyd
Pete & Cleo	director	Holt Hamilton
Wrestlemaniac	director	Jesse Baget
River of Darkness	director	Bruce Koehler
Give Us Wings	director	Charles Lamont
Seoul Sisters	director	Max Jones
Seoul Sisters	director	Lillian Wu
Concentrate and Ask Again	director	Dennis Smith (director)
CKy the series	director	Bam Margera
CKY: THE MOVIE 2	director	Bam Margera
Smile Orange (film)	director	Trevor Rhone
CKY THE MOVIE 3	director	Bam Margera
CKY THE MOVIE 3	director	Jess Margera
CKy: The Latest & Greatest	director	Bam Margera
CKy: The Latest & Greatest	director	Jess Margera
Capek's Tales	director	Martin Frič
Piso Porta	director	Yorgos Tsemperopoulos
A Kiss from the Stadium	director	Martin Frič
Mazhavillinattam Vare	director	Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri
Motorcycles (film)	director	Martin Frič
High Flyers	director	Edward Cline
Leave It to Me (1955 film)	director	Martin Frič
The George Wendt Show	director	Robby Benson
The George Wendt Show	director	Terry Hughes (director)
Girls Can't Swim	director	Anne-Sophie Birot
The Hound of the Baskervilles (1983 film)	director	Douglas Hickox
Northwest Passage (Fringe)	director	Joe Chappelle
The Magic Flame	director	Henry King (director)
The Flood (1958 film)	director	Martin Frič
Today for the Last Time	director	Martin Frič
Princezna se zlatou hvězdou	director	Martin Frič
Bílá spona	director	Martin Frič
Basin Street Revue	director	Joseph J. Kohn
Basin Street Revue	director	Leonard Reed
Sundown Saunders	director	Robert N. Bradbury
The County Fair (1920 film)	director	Edmund Mortimer
The County Fair (1920 film)	director	Maurice Tourneur
Exile Express	director	Otis Garrett
Dařbuján a Pandrhola	director	Martin Frič
Hvězda zvaná Pelyněk	director	Martin Frič
Přísně tajné premiéry	director	Martin Frič
Nejlepší ženská mého života	director	Martin Frič
Sleeping Sickness (film)	director	Ulrich Köhler (director)
Dignity (Law & Order)	director	M.T. Adler
Zeynep's Eight Days	director	Cemal Şan
Dilber's Eight Days	director	Cemal Şan
Ali's Eight Days	director	Cemal Şan
Gokaiger Goseiger Super Sentai 199 Hero Great Battle	director	Noboru Takemoto
Animals United	director	Reinhard Klooss
Animals United	director	Holger Tappe
Gauri Ganesha	director	Phani Ramachandra
The Martha Raye Show	director	Nat Hiken
Benaam (1999 film)	director	T L V Prasad
Million Dollar Legs (1939 film)	director	Nick Grinde
Million Dollar Legs (1939 film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Blonde Fever	director	Richard Whorf
The Random Years	director	Lee Shallat-Chemel
The Random Years	director	Matthew Diamond
Sins of My Father	director	Nicolas Entel
Spirit of the Wind	director	Ralph Liddle
Woman Hater	director	Terence Young (director)
Regrets Only	director	Dean Parisot
Sniper: Reloaded	director	Claudio Fäh
Secret (2009 film)	director	Yoon Jae-goo
Parameshi Prema Prasanga	director	Ramesh Bhat
Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Natural History Museum	director	Chutamas Satasook
Aparichita	director	Kashinath (actor)
The Wind in the Willows (2012 film)	director	Ray Griggs (director)
The Utah Trail	director	Albert Herman
Mason of the Mounted	director	Harry L. Fraser
Thamarassery to Thailand	director	Saji Surendran
Vlak u snijegu (film)	director	Mate Relja
Malaga (1960 film)	director	László Benedek
The Bee Gees Special	director	Louis J. Horvitz
Ghazal (film)	director	Kamal (director)
As You Were (Haven)	director	Robert Lieberman
Chalet Girl	director	Phil Traill
Against the Wall (TV series)	director	Michael Fresco
Ina (film)	director	I. V. Sasi
Possums (film)	director	Max Burnett
The Short and Curlies	director	Mike Leigh
Aan Paavam	director	Pandiarajan
The Blossoming of Kamiya Etsuko	director	Kazuo Kuroki
Go Fish (TV series)	director	Allan Arkush
Go Fish (TV series)	director	John Fortenberry
Go Fish (TV series)	director	Peter Lauer
Go Fish (TV series)	director	Arlene Sanford
Love Likes Coincidences	director	Ömer Faruk Sorak
The Shadow Line (TV series)	director	Hugo Blick
Ladies' Man (1931 film)	director	Lothar Mendes
PDA (The Office)	director	Greg Daniels
Chuck Versus the First Bank of Evil	director	Fred Toye
Tabbaliyu Neenade Magane (1977 film)	director	Girish Karnad
Tabbaliyu Neenade Magane (1977 film)	director	B. V. Karanth
Chitram Bhalare Vichitram	director	PN Ramachandra Rao
Bonjour Balwyn	director	Nigel Buesst
Against the Law (1997 film)	director	Jim Wynorski
Dil-E-Nadaan	director	C. V. Sridhar
Dil-E-Nadaan	director	Umesh Sharma
Dil-E-Nadaan	director	Bhaskara Raju
Karadağlar (episode 14)	director	A Volkan Kocatürk
Big News (1929 film)	director	Gregory La Cava
Huckleberry Finn (1931 film)	director	Norman Taurog
Without Honor (1932 film)	director	William Nigh
Nurse Edith Cavell	director	Herbert Wilcox
Flying Fists	director	Robert F. Hill
The Sin of Nora Moran	director	Phil Goldstone
Danger Valley	director	Robert N. Bradbury
Hollywood: The Fabulous Era	director	Jack Haley, Jr.
The Wettest County in the World	director	John Hillcoat
Threat Level Midnight	director	Tucker Gates
The Woods (2011 film)	director	Matthew Lessner
Good Day for It	director	Nick Stagliano
Children of God (2009 film)	director	Kareem Mortimer
August (Fringe)	director	Dennis Smith (director)
Ron & Tammy: Part Two	director	Tucker Gates
Mohalla Assi	director	Chandraprakash Dwivedi
Bala Mitrula Katha	director	K Varaprasad Rao
Apache Drums	director	Hugo Fregonese
Horrid Henry: The Movie	director	Nick Moore (film director)
The Ghost Breaker (1922 film)	director	Alfred E. Green
The Charm School (1921 film)	director	James Cruze
Shera (film)	director	T L V Prasad
Raghuvinte Swantham Rasiya	director	Vinayan
6955 kHz	director	Joe Chappelle
The Abducted	director	Chuck Russell
Night of Desirable Objects (Fringe)	director	Brad Anderson (director)
A New Day in the Old Town	director	Akiva Goldsman
Fracture (Fringe)	director	Bryan Spicer
Momentum Deferred	director	Joe Chappelle
Dream Logic	director	Paul A. Edwards
Snakehead (Fringe)	director	Paul Holahan
Earthling (Fringe)	director	Jon Cassar
Unearthed (Fringe)	director	Fred Toye
The Man from the Other Side	director	Jeffrey Hunt
Rathinirvedam (2011 film)	director	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
Bound (Fringe)	director	Fred Toye
Ability (Fringe)	director	Norberto Barba
Bad Dreams (Fringe)	director	Akiva Goldsman
Unleashed (Fringe)	director	Brad Anderson (director)
Glam Nation Live	director	Doug Spangenberg
The White Flower	director	Julia Crawford Ivers
Pilot (Eastwick episode)	director	David Nutter
La presidenta municipal	director	Hernán Cortés
Clarence (1922 film)	director	William C. deMille
The Transformation	director	Brad Anderson (director)
Kick In (1922 film)	director	George Fitzmaurice
Everything's Rosie	director	Clyde Bruckman
Winnie-the-Pooh (film)	director	Fyodor Khitruk
Immortality (Fringe)	director	Brad Anderson (director)
The Conrad Boys	director	Justin Lo
Hiyas (TV series)	director	Adolfo Alix, Jr.
Dallas (2012 TV series)	director	Michael M. Robin
The Great Indian Butterfly	director	Sarthak Dasgupta
The Man with the Iron Fists	director	RZA
Searching (Desperate Housewives)	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Stealing Sinatra	director	Ron Underwood
Christopher and His Kind (television film)	director	Geoffrey Sax
The Dictator (1922 film)	director	James Cruze
Mattoral	director	K. G. George
Cat's Cradle (film)	director	Stan Brakhage
Brotherhood VI: Initiation	director	David DeCoteau
The Brotherhood V: Alumni	director	David DeCoteau
The Pit and the Pendulum (2009)	director	David DeCoteau
Won in a Closet	director	Mabel Normand
White Woman	director	Stuart Walker (filmmaker)
The Dante Quartet	director	Stan Brakhage
Damned by Dawn	director	Brett Anstey
Melancholia (2008 film)	director	Lav Diaz
Charice: Home for Valentine's	director	Louie Ignacio
The Eagleman Stag	director	Michael Please
Out of the Hive	director	Brian Farnham
Super islaw  and The Flying Kids   1	director	J. Erastheo Navoa
Return of the Living Dead 3	director	Brian Yuzna
Red Sonja (1985 film)	director	Richard Fleischer
Tokyo Park	director	Shinji Aoyama
Pathiramanal (film)	director	M. Padmakumar
Les Paumées du Petit Matin	director	Jean Rollin
Dungeons & Dragons: The Book of Vile Darkness	director	Gerry Lively
Bol Bachchan	director	Rohit Shetty
Building Hope	director	Turk Pipkin
Virgin Territory	director	David Leland
A Hard Name	director	Alan Zweig
Dig!	director	Ondi Timoner
Aelita	director	Yakov Protazanov
Masti: Sanam Teri Kasam	director	Indra Kumar
Over the Hedge (film)	director	Tim Johnson (film director)
Over the Hedge (film)	director	Karey Kirkpatrick
Q Who	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Hum Dono (1995 film)	director	Shafi Inamdar
Pat & Mat	director	Lubomír Beneš
Pat & Mat	director	Marek Beneš
Tirangaa	director	Mehul Kumar
Karate-Robo Zaborgar	director	Noboru Iguchi
Ashaant	director	Keshu Ramsay
Lovers Walk	director	David Semel
Dil Ki Baazi	director	Anil Ganguly
The Great Grape Ape Show	director	Charles August Nichols
Kayda Kanoon	director	Pradeep Mani
Jushin Thunder Liger: Fist of Thunder	director	Takuya Wada
The Dark at the Top of the Stairs	director	Delbert Mann
Ikke Pe Ikka	director	Raj N. Sippy
Phool Aur Aag	director	T L V Prasad
I Wish (film)	director	Hirokazu Koreeda
Jour de fête	director	Jacques Tati
Mondo cane	director	Gualtiero Jacopetti
Mondo cane	director	Paolo Cavara
Tabaahi-The Destroyer (1999 film)	director	Gopi Sapru
Taps (film)	director	Harold Becker
Night of the Lepus	director	William F. Claxton
Seventeen Moments of Spring	director	Tatyana Lioznova
Zaalim	director	Sikander Bharti
Hum Hain Bemisaal	director	Deepak Bahry
The Flintstone Comedy Hour	director	William Hanna
The Flintstone Comedy Hour	director	Joseph Barbera
Paandav	director	Raj N. Sippy
Tarazu	director	U. Vimal Kumar
Before the Rain (film)	director	Milčo Mančevski
Buddy's Song (film)	director	Claude Whatham
Ram Shastra	director	Sanjay Gupta
Guyver: Dark Hero	director	Steve Wang
Bride of Chucky	director	Ronny Yu
The Crime of Monsieur Lange	director	Jean Renoir
Seed of Chucky	director	Don Mancini
Azaad Desh Ke Gulam	director	S.A. Chandrashekhar
Shout (film)	director	Jeffrey Hornaday
Before the Game	director	Peter Ots
La terra trema	director	Luchino Visconti
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 3	director	Chuck Jones
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 3	director	Robert McKimson
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 3	director	Friz Freleng
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 3	director	Bob Clampett
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 3	director	Frank Tashlin
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 3	director	Arthur Davis (animator)
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 3	director	Tex Avery
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 3	director	Ben Hardaway
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 3	director	Cal Dalton
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 2	director	Friz Freleng
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 2	director	Chuck Jones
Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 2	director	Bob Clampett
Billa 2	director	Chakri Toleti
Kamisama no Karute	director	Yoshihiro Fukagawa
Archipelago (film)	director	Joanna Hogg
Absent Friends (Bugs)	director	Gwennan Sage
Black Bread	director	Agustí Villaronga
Pale Flower	director	Masahiro Shinoda
The Ring Two	director	Hideo Nakata
Dogs in Space	director	Richard Lowenstein
The Flavor of Green Tea over Rice	director	Yasujirō Ozu
Land of Plenty (2004 film)	director	Wim Wenders
The Thief and the Cobbler	director	Richard Williams (animator)
The Andy Warhol Museum	director	Eric Shiner
Broken Saints	director	Brooke Burgess
Voices of Iraq	director	Martin Kunert
The Exorcist III	director	William Peter Blatty
Rider on the Rain	director	René Clément
I Am Weasel	director	David Feiss
Scorpion (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	David Livingston
Scorpion (Star Trek: Voyager)	director	Winrich Kolbe
Scooby's All-Star Laff-A-Lympics	director	Charles August Nichols
Scooby's All-Star Laff-A-Lympics  cooby's All-Stars   1	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Scooby's All-Star Laff-A-Lympics  cooby's All-Stars   1	director	Carl Urbano
Scooby's All-Star Laff-A-Lympics  cooby's All-Stars   1	director	Nick Nickols
The Scooby & Scrappy-Doo/Puppy Hour	director	Charles August Nichols
The Scooby & Scrappy-Doo/Puppy Hour	director	Rudy Larriva
Laff-A-Lympics	director	Charles August Nichols
Laff-A-Lympics	director	Ray Patterson (animator)
Toy Soldiers (1991 film)	director	Daniel Petrie, Jr.
Diva (film)	director	Jean-Jacques Beineix
Boccaccio '70	director	Vittorio De Sica
Boccaccio '70	director	Luchino Visconti
Boccaccio '70	director	Federico Fellini
Boccaccio '70	director	Mario Monicelli
Chairman of the Board (film)	director	Alex Zamm
Jumpin' Jack Flash (film)	director	Penny Marshall
Rembrandt's J'Accuse	director	Peter Greenaway
Gapa Hele Bi Sata	director	Nagen Roy
My Brother's Wedding	director	Charles Burnett
Stolen Heaven	director	George Abbott
Little Treasure	director	Alan Sharp
Moran of the Lady Letty	director	George Melford
Carnage (2011 film)	director	Roman Polanski
Mingus: Charlie Mingus 1968	director	Thomas Reichman
Singed	director	John Griffith Wray
The Least Among You	director	Mark Young
711 Ocean Drive	director	Joseph M. Newman
The Valley of the Giants (1919 film)	director	James Cruze
Expensive Women	director	Hobart Henley
Shubhayathra	director	Kamal (director)
Karate Girl	director	Kimura Yoshikatsu
The Hound of the Baskervilles (2000 film)	director	Rodney Gibbons
Xero (film)	director	Jack the Zipper
The Spirit Moves	director	Mura Dehn
Saladused	director	Anri Rulkov
Saladused	director	Arbo Tammiksaar
Saladused	director	Rando Pettai
Saladused	director	Marianne Kõrver
Saladused	director	Ergo Kuld
Saladused	director	Jan-Erik Nõgisto
Saladused	director	Rain Tolk
Oru Maravathoor Kanavu	director	Lal Jose
Mr. Monk Buys a House	director	Randall Zisk
Life Is a Bed of Roses	director	Alain Resnais
Ennennum Kannettante	director	Fazil
Well-Founded Fear	director	Shari Robertson
Well-Founded Fear	director	Michael Camerini
Mackintosh and T.J.	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
Makaramanju	director	Lenin Rajendran
Ben Elton: The Man from Auntie	director	John Burrows (director)
The Lesser Evil (1998 film)	director	David McKay
Love Shack (film)	director	Michael B. Silver
Housos	director	Paul Fenech
Black Gunn (1972)	director	Robert Hartford-Davis
Vaadamalli	director	Alberrt Antoni
All Flowers in Time	director	Jonathan Caouette
The Rabbi's Cat	director	Joann Sfar
Psychosis (film)	director	Reg Traviss
Marx Reloaded	director	Jason Barker
Écoute voir	director	Hugo Santiago
Cry of the Hunted	director	Joseph H. Lewis
The Key to Reserva	director	Martin Scorsese
Good Advice (TV series)	director	Robby Benson
Good Advice (TV series)	director	Michael Lembeck
Good Advice (TV series)	director	Barnet Kellman
Good Advice (TV series)	director	Alan Rafkin
Shima (2007)	director	Bakhodir Yuldashev
The Affair (1995 film)	director	Paul Seed
Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter (film)	director	Timur Bekmambetov
Chabiwali Pocket Watch	director	Vibhu Puri
Made in Milan	director	Martin Scorsese
The Ice Flood (1926 film)	director	George B. Seitz
Dark shadows (2012)	director	Tim Burton
Eye for Eye (1918 film)	director	Albert Capellani
The Port of Missing Girls (1928 film)	director	Irving Cummings
Two Monkeys and a Panda	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
The Show Off	director	Malcolm St. Clair (filmmaker)
Rêve au coin du feu	director	Charles-Émile Reynaud
The Garden of Earthly Delights (1981 film)	director	Stan Brakhage
6B (Fringe)	director	Thomas Yatsko
Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin	director	Ruel S. Bayani
The Private Life of Cinema	director	Denys Desjardins
The Debt (2007 film)	director	Assaf Bernstein
ArtBakery	director	Goddy Leye
Suddenly (2006 film)	director	Johan Brisinger
I... Dreaming	director	Stan Brakhage
The Trial (2010 film)	director	Gary Wheeler (filmmaker)
Manuale d'amore 3	director	Giovanni Veronesi
The Guidance of Reason	director	Aliocha
God's Gift (film)	director	Master P
Nandhi	director	Thamizhvannan
For the Love of Movies: The Story of American Film Criticism	director	Gerald Peary
Mazhavilkavadi	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Closure of Catharsis	director	Rouzbeh Rashidi
The Great Gatsby (2012 film)	director	Baz Luhrmann
Life of Pi (film)	director	Ang Lee
Yahşi Cazibe	director	Bora Onur
The Twisted Whiskers Show	director	Bill Kopp
Undercurrent (2010 film)	director	Árni Ólafur Ásgeirsson
Shanghai (2011 film)	director	Dibakar Banerjee
Ohh Nooo! Mr. Bill Presents	director	Walter Williams
Real Pests	director	Jože Bevc
Vikatakavi	director	Hariharan (director)
Khel (1992 film)	director	Rakesh Roshan
South Riding (2011 miniseries)	director	Diarmuid Lawrence
That's What I Am	director	Michael Pavone
Sexy (Glee)	director	Ryan Murphy (writer)
Angoor – The Remake	director	Rohit Shetty
The Frontier Boys	director	John Grooters
Primero soy mexicano	director	Joaquín Pardavé
Eettillam	director	Fazil
Happy People: A Year in the Taiga	director	Dmitry Vasyukov
Shadow of a Woman	director	Joseph Santley
Nautical Angels	director	Daniel Foster
Number 13 (short film)	director	Pier Wilkie
Leading television serials in Pakistan	director	Syed Suleman
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Moorat   1	director	Kamran Qureshi
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Makan   1	director	Kamran Qureshi
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Shiddat 2005   1	director	Jawed Fazil
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Dost   1	director	Ahson Talish
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Riyasat   1	director	Kamran Qureshi
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Manzil   1	director	Kamran Qureshi
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Jaal   1	director	Shahid Shafaat
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Jaal   1	director	Ahson Talish
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Koi Tou Baarish   1	director	Ahson Talish
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Sarkar Sahab   1	director	Kamran Qureshi
Leading television serials in Pakistan  Flirting Ke Side Effects   1	director	Ahson Talish
Last Resort (1986 film)	director	Zane Buzby
The Circuit (2002 film)	director	Jalal Merhi
On the Brink	director	Edward Hall (director)
The Circuit 2: The Final Punch (2002 film)	director	Jalal Merhi
Goodbye, Michael	director	Paul Feig
Like Crazy	director	Drake Doremus
Bible Ki Kahaniya	director	Raghunath Paleri
Bible Ki Kahaniya	director	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
Kunwara	director	David Dhawan
Nowhere to Hide (1987 film)	director	Mario Azzopardi
Something Fishy (film)	director	Tonie Marshall
Pilots (film)	director	Rajiv Anchal
Stella í orlofi	director	Þórhildur Þorleifsdóttir
Pani Jaisa Piyar	director	Sarmad Sultan Khoosat
Two Stories (House)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Burnt Evidence	director	Daniel Birt
Inniyenkilum	director	I. V. Sasi
King of Burlesque	director	Sidney Lanfield
Nadakame Ulakam	director	Viji Thampi
Night Work (film)	director	George Archainbaud
Nuclear Strike (Spooks)	director	Sam Miller
Top Man (film)	director	Charles Lamont
Magic Palayok	director	Joel Lamangan
Beware (film)	director	Bud Pollard
The Little Dragons	director	Curtis Hanson
Straight Shooter (1939 film)	director	Sam Newfield
The Night Rider (1932 film)	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
The Night Rider (1932 film)	director	William Nigh
Gun (2011 film)	director	Harish Raj
Molchi, grust... molchi	director	Pyotr Chardynin
Global Steak	director	Anthony Orliange
Temptation (1946 film)	director	Irving Pichel
Indianapolis (Parks and Recreation)	director	Randall Einhorn
Todd Packer (The Office)	director	Randall Einhorn
Drag (film)	director	Frank Lloyd
The Royal Scandal	director	Rodney Gibbons
Wife Wanted (1946 film)	director	Phil Karlson
The Bat People	director	Jerry Jameson
Walking My Baby Back Home (film)	director	Lloyd Bacon
Usagi Drop (film)	director	Sabu (director)
Subject 13	director	Fred Toye
Cloud Stairs	director	Kim Yong-Kyu
Cloud Stairs	director	Sung Do-Joon
Hankyū Densha	director	Yoshishige Miyake
Il bacio di Cirano	director	Carmine Gallone
Ladies vs Ricky Bahl	director	Maneesh Sharma
The Naked Truth (1914 film)	director	Carmine Gallone
Salmon Fishing in the Yemen	director	Lasse Hallström
Senza colpa!	director	Carmine Gallone
Flower of Evil (film)	director	Carmine Gallone
The Wedding March (1915 film)	director	Carmine Gallone
Sotto le tombe	director	Carmine Gallone
La falena (film)	director	Carmine Gallone
Malombra	director	Carmine Gallone
TGS Hates Women	director	Beth McCarthy-Miller
Bad Night for the Blues	director	Chris Shepherd
The Thirteenth Man	director	Carmine Gallone
La storia di un peccato	director	Carmine Gallone
Redenzione (1919 film)	director	Carmine Gallone
A Doll Wife	director	Carmine Gallone
Armed Response (film)	director	Fred Olen Ray
Megamind: The Button of Doom	director	Simon J. Smith
The Star Witness	director	William A. Wellman
Backlash (1947 film)	director	Eugene Forde
Blackmail (1947 film)	director	Lesley Selander
Calcutta (1947 film)	director	John Farrow
The Gangster	director	Gordon Wiles
Fall Guy (1947 film)	director	Reginald Le Borg
Return of the Gunfighter (1967 film)	director	James Neilson (director)
The Sea of Naples	director	Carmine Gallone
On with the Motley	director	Carmine Gallone
The Ides of March (film)	director	George Clooney
Magbalik ka, Hirang	director	Lorenzo P. Tuells
Lambingan	director	Lorenzo P. Tuells
Nang Mahawi ang Ulap	director	Lorenzo P. Tuells
Pangarap	director	Cinema of the Philippines
Lihim ng Lumang Simbahan	director	Tor Villano
Sawing Gantimpala	director	Manuel Conde
Bahaghari	director	Don Dano
Viviré otra vez	director	Roberto Rodríguez (film director)
Allá en el trópico	director	Fernando de Fuentes
El anónimo	director	Fernando de Fuentes
El prisionero trece	director	Fernando de Fuentes
La calandria	director	Fernando de Fuentes
El tigre de Yautepec	director	Fernando de Fuentes
El compadre Mendoza	director	Fernando de Fuentes
El fantasma del convento	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Cruz Diablo	director	Fernando de Fuentes
La familia Dressel	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Desfile deportivo	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Petróleo (1936 film)	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Las mujeres mandan	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Bajo el cielo de México	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Papacito lindo	director	Fernando de Fuentes
La casa del ogro	director	Fernando de Fuentes
El jefe máximo	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Creo en Dios	director	Fernando de Fuentes
La gallina clueca	director	Fernando de Fuentes
¡Así se quiere en Jalisco!	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Hasta que perdió Jalisco	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Esperanza (1946 film)	director	Fernando de Fuentes
La devoradora	director	Fernando de Fuentes
La selva de fuego	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Hipólito, el de Santa	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Por la puerta falsa	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Crimen y castigo (1951 film)	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Los hijos de María Morales	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Canción de cuna (1953 film)	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Tres citas con el destino	director	Fernando de Fuentes
El rey se divierte	director	Fernando de Fuentes
Si Adelita se fuera con otro	director	Chano Urueta
The Challenge (1938 film)	director	Milton Rosmer
The Challenge (1938 film)	director	Luis Trenker
The Moro Affair	director	Giuseppe Ferrara
El Destino (film)	director	Chano Urueta
Profanación (1933 film)	director	Chano Urueta
Enemigos (film)	director	Chano Urueta
El Escándalo	director	Chano Urueta
Una Mujer en venta	director	Chano Urueta
Clemencia (film)	director	Chano Urueta
Canción del alma	director	Chano Urueta
Hombres de mar	director	Chano Urueta
María (film)	director	Chano Urueta
Jalisco nunca pierde	director	Chano Urueta
Mi candidato	director	Chano Urueta
La Noche de los Mayas	director	Chano Urueta
¡Que viene mi marido!	director	Chano Urueta
Los de abajo (film)	director	Chano Urueta
El Conde de Montecristo (film)	director	Chano Urueta
Ave sin nido	director	Chano Urueta
La Liga de las canciones	director	Chano Urueta
El Misterioso señor Marquina	director	Chano Urueta
Guadalajara (film)	director	Chano Urueta
No matarás	director	Chano Urueta
El Camino de los gatos	director	Chano Urueta
Le Corsaire noir	director	Chano Urueta
El Recuerdo de aquella noche	director	Chano Urueta
Camino de Sacramento	director	Chano Urueta
La Noche y tú	director	Chano Urueta
El Superhombre	director	Chano Urueta
Mujer (film)	director	Chano Urueta
De pecado en pecado	director	Chano Urueta
El deseo (1948 film)	director	Chano Urueta
En los altos de Jalisco	director	Chano Urueta
La Carne manda	director	Chano Urueta
La Feria de Jalisco	director	Chano Urueta
Se la llevó el Remington	director	Chano Urueta
La Santa del barrio	director	Chano Urueta
La Norteña de mis amores	director	Chano Urueta
Dos almas en el mundo	director	Chano Urueta
El Abandonado	director	Chano Urueta
El Gran campeón	director	Chano Urueta
No me quieras tanto...	director	Chano Urueta
Rayito de luna	director	Chano Urueta
Yo maté a Juan Charrasqueado	director	Chano Urueta
Al son del mambo	director	Chano Urueta
El Desalmado	director	Chano Urueta
Ventarrón (film)	director	Chano Urueta
La Gota de sangre	director	Chano Urueta
Mi preferida	director	Chano Urueta
Del can-can al mambo	director	Chano Urueta
La Estatua de carne	director	Chano Urueta
Peregrina (film)	director	Chano Urueta
Manos de seda	director	Chano Urueta
Serenata en Acapulco	director	Chano Urueta
El Cuarto cerrado	director	Chano Urueta
Mi campeón (film)	director	Chano Urueta
El Monstruo resucitado	director	Chano Urueta
Música, mujeres y amor	director	Chano Urueta
La Bestia magnifica (Lucha libre)	director	Chano Urueta
Quiéreme porque me muero	director	Chano Urueta
¿Por qué ya no me quieres?	director	Chano Urueta
La Bruja (film)	director	Chano Urueta
La Desconocida	director	Chano Urueta
La Perversa	director	Chano Urueta
El Seductor	director	Chano Urueta
Se solicitan modelos	director	Chano Urueta
El Vendedor de muñecas	director	Chano Urueta
El Túnel 6	director	Chano Urueta
La Rival	director	Chano Urueta
La Ilegítima	director	Chano Urueta
Serenata en México	director	Chano Urueta
El Jinete sin cabeza	director	Chano Urueta
El Ratón (film)	director	Chano Urueta
Furias desatadas	director	Chano Urueta
La Cabeza de Pancho Villa	director	Chano Urueta
La Marca de Satanás	director	Chano Urueta
Secuestro diabólico	director	Chano Urueta
El Jinete negro	director	Chano Urueta
Del suelo no paso	director	Chano Urueta
Cuando se quiere se quiere	director	Chano Urueta
Los Hermanos Diablo	director	Chano Urueta
No soy monedita de oro	director	Chano Urueta
Stray Bullet (1960 film)	director	Chano Urueta
El Torneo de la muerte	director	Chano Urueta
Herencia trágica	director	Chano Urueta
Revolver en guardia	director	Chano Urueta
Las Canciones unidas	director	Chano Urueta
Los Tigres del ring	director	Chano Urueta
Una Bala es mi testigo	director	Chano Urueta
Venganza fatal	director	Chano Urueta
El Hombre de la ametralladora	director	Chano Urueta
Guantes de oro	director	Chano Urueta
Tres Romeos y una Julieta	director	Chano Urueta
Camino de la horca	director	Chano Urueta
El Asaltacaminos	director	Chano Urueta
El Espejo de la bruja	director	Chano Urueta
Pilotos de la muerte	director	Chano Urueta
La Cabeza viviente	director	Chano Urueta
La Muerte en el desfiladero	director	Chano Urueta
Le Baron de la terreur	director	Chano Urueta
Los Chacales	director	Chano Urueta
El Ciclón de Jalisco	director	Chano Urueta
Cinco asesinos esperan	director	Chano Urueta
El Robo al tren correo	director	Chano Urueta
Especialista en chamacas	director	Chano Urueta
Lupe Balazos	director	Chano Urueta
Demonio azul	director	Chano Urueta
Alma grande	director	Chano Urueta
Los Gavilanes negros	director	Chano Urueta
Blue Demon vs. the Satanic Power	director	Chano Urueta
Blue Demon contra cerebros infernales	director	Chano Urueta
El as de oros	director	Chano Urueta
Blue Demon contra las diabólicas	director	Chano Urueta
Los Leones del ring contra la Cosa Nostra	director	Chano Urueta
Tu camino y el mio	director	Chano Urueta
Los Leones del ring	director	Chano Urueta
Q.R.R (Quien resulte responsable)	director	Gustavo Alatriste
Human (1971 film)	director	Gustavo Alatriste
Victorino (Las calles no se siembran)	director	Gustavo Alatriste
Entre violetas	director	Gustavo Alatriste
Los privilegiados	director	Gustavo Alatriste
Las tecnologías pesqueras	director	Gustavo Alatriste
México, México, ra, ra, ra	director	Gustavo Alatriste
En la cuerda del hambre	director	Gustavo Alatriste
La grilla	director	Gustavo Alatriste
The House of Bernarda Alba (1980 film)	director	Gustavo Alatriste
Aquel famoso Remington	director	Gustavo Alatriste
Toña, nacida virgen (Del oficio)	director	Gustavo Alatriste
La combi asesina	director	Gustavo Alatriste
Historia de una mujer escandalosa	director	Gustavo Alatriste
Tiburoneros	director	Luis Alcoriza
El gángster	director	Luis Alcoriza
Amor y sexo	director	Luis Alcoriza
La puerta y la mujer del carnicero	director	Luis Alcoriza
Juego peligroso	director	Luis Alcoriza
El oficio más antiguo del mundo	director	Luis Alcoriza
Mecánica nacional	director	Luis Alcoriza
Paraíso (film)	director	Luis Alcoriza
El muro del silencio	director	Luis Alcoriza
Las fuerzas vivas	director	Luis Alcoriza
A paso de cojo	director	Luis Alcoriza
Semana santa en Acapulco	director	Luis Alcoriza
Tac-tac	director	Luis Alcoriza
El amor es un juego extraño	director	Luis Alcoriza
Terror y encajes negros	director	Luis Alcoriza
Lo que importa es vivir	director	Luis Alcoriza
Día de muertos (film)	director	Luis Alcoriza
La sombra del ciprés es alargada	director	Luis Alcoriza
La hija del engaño	director	Luis Buñuel
La ilusión viaja en tranvía	director	Luis Buñuel
...Y mañana serán mujeres	director	Alejandro Galindo
El río y la muerte	director	Luis Buñuel
A media luz los tres	director	Julián Soler
7000 días juntos	director	Fernando Garcia Rimada
La Vírgen morena	director	Gabriel Soria
El Capitán Malacara	director	Carlos Orellana
El signo de la muerte	director	Chano Urueta
Pobre diablo	director	José Benavides hijo
En defensa Propia	director	Joaquín Coss
Flor marchita	director	Rogelio A. González
The Belgrade Phantom	director	Jovan B. Todorović
God of Love (film)	director	Luke Matheny
Assigned to Danger	director	Budd Boetticher
Race Street	director	Edwin L. Marin
BumRush	director	Michel Jetté
Walk a Crooked Mile	director	Gordon Douglas (director)
Family of Cops 3	director	Sheldon Larry (director)
The Naked Street	director	Maxwell Shane
Destination Murder	director	Edward L. Cahn
Dust of Angels (film)	director	Hsu Hsiao-ming
Murder 2	director	Mohit Suri
In the Shadow of the Wind	director	Yves Simoneau
Masks (film)	director	Claude Chabrol
Hanna's War	director	Menahem Golan
The Reverse Peephole	director	Andy Ackerman
Mr. & Mrs. Incredible	director	Vincent Kok
The Young Warriors (film)	director	John Peyser
The Spine (film)	director	Chris Landreth
Yarigu Helbedi	director	Kodlu Ramakrishna
Hyménée	director	Émile Couzinet
Vettai : Pledged to Hunt	director	Abbas Akbar
Adikkurippu	director	K. Madhu
The Miracle (1987 film)	director	Jean-Pierre Mocky
The Column	director	Mircea Drăgan
Diary for My Lovers	director	Márta Mészáros
The Circuit 3: Street Monk (2006 film)	director	Jalal Merhi
Viva Riva!	director	Djo Tunda Wa Munga
The Greatest Movie Ever Sold	director	Morgan Spurlock
Battles of Chief Pontiac	director	Felix E. Feist
The Pirates! Band of Misfits	director	Peter Lord
The Pirates! Band of Misfits	director	Jeff Newitt
Zoomates	director	Butch Hartman
Jack the Giant Killer (2012 film)	director	Bryan Singer
The Wind in the Willows (1987 film)	director	Arthur Rankin, Jr.
The Wind in the Willows (1987 film)	director	Jules Bass
I want to be a soldier	director	Christian Molina
Louise (animated short)	director	Anita Lebeau
So Many Dreams	director	Heiner Carow
The Death of Empedocles	director	Straub-Huillet
The Union (2011 film)	director	Cameron Crowe
Mula Sa Puso (2011 TV series)	director	Wenn V. Deramas
Sankaranum Mohananum	director	T. V. Chandran
Night in Manhattan	director	Herbert Moulton
My Son Is Guilty	director	Charles Barton
The Hat Squad	director	Rob Bowman (filmmaker)
Heaven with a Barbed Wire Fence	director	Ricardo Cortez
Blondie Plays Cupid	director	Frank R. Strayer
Suicide Battalion	director	Edward L. Cahn
Special Forces (film)	director	Isaac Florentine
Cogan's Trade	director	Andrew Dominik
Bon Appétit (film)	director	David Pinillos
Babies for Sale	director	Charles Barton
Blind Spot (Beverly Hills, 90210)	director	Michael Lange
Days to Remember	director	Jeanine Meerapfel
Men Without Souls	director	Nick Grinde
The Big Year	director	David Frankel
Yo... el aventurero	director	Jaime Salvador
Convicted Woman	director	Nick Grinde
So Ends Our Night	director	John Cromwell
The Courage of Kavik the Wolf Dog	director	Peter Carter (director)
Wolf's Hole	director	Věra Chytilová
A South Sea Bubble	director	T. Hayes Hunter
Thendral Sudum	director	Manobala
Hunting Time	director	Erden Kıral
Funkytown (film)	director	Daniel Roby
The Adventures of Martin Eden	director	Sidney Salkow
Bear Ye One Another's Burden	director	Lothar Warneke
The Return of October	director	Joseph H. Lewis
Crime Without Passion	director	Ben Hecht
Crime Without Passion	director	Charles MacArthur
The Royal Pauper	director	Ben Turbett
Workingman's Death	director	Michael Glawogger
The Doctor and the Girl (1949 film)	director	Curtis Bernhardt
Love, Wedding, Marriage	director	Dermot Mulroney
Appointment in Honduras	director	Jacques Tourneur
Dear Heart	director	Delbert Mann
Tayaramma Bangarayya	director	Kommineni Seshagiri Rao
Ooriki Ichina Maata	director	Mannava Balayya
The Felons	director	Franci Slak
Everything's Different, Nothing's Changed	director	David Warren (director)
Jarrapellejos	director	Antonio Giménez-Rico
The Alpha Caper	director	Robert Lewis (actor)
The Trespassers	director	John Duigan
Mouth to Mouth (1978 film)	director	John Duigan
The Journey of August King	director	John Duigan
Kung-Fu Master (film)	director	Agnès Varda
Molly and Lawless John	director	Gary Nelson (director)
The Boy Who Talked to Badgers	director	Gary Nelson (director)
Jimmy the Kid	director	Gary Nelson (director)
They Got Me Covered	director	David Butler (director)
John Loves Mary	director	David Butler (director)
Look for the Silver Lining (film)	director	David Butler (director)
The Mickey Rooney Show: Hey, Mulligan	director	Leslie H. Martinson
The Daughter of Rosie O'Grady	director	David Butler (director)
The Command (film)	director	David Butler (director)
Jump Into Hell	director	David Butler (director)
Glory (1956 film)	director	David Butler (director)
Playmates (1941 film)	director	David Butler (director)
Prince Vaali (film)	director	Vishnu Tanay
The Right Approach	director	David Butler (director)
C'mon, Let's Live a Little	director	David Butler (director)
Cavedweller (film)	director	Lisa Cholodenko
Chuck Versus the Muuurder	director	Allan Kroeker
Il Giorno prima	director	Giuliano Montaldo
La Bottega dell'orefice	director	Michael Anderson
Xtreme City	director	Paul Schrader
The Mother of Kings	director	Janusz Zaorski
The State I Am In (film)	director	ANdrzej Wajda (director)
Bullhead (film)	director	Michaël R. Roskam
There Are Things You Don't Know	director	Fardin Saheb-Zamani
8th Wonderland	director	Nicolas Alberny
8th Wonderland	director	Jean Mach
We Have a Pope (film)	director	Nanni Moretti
Theofilos (film)	director	Lakis Papastathis
Wohin?	director	Herbert Achternbusch
Sarapancharam	director	Hariharan (director)
There's Only One Sun	director	Wong Kar-wai
The Donald O'Connor Show	director	Donald O'Connor
Blue Dots	director	Eyal Gordin
The County Chairman	director	John G. Blystone
Black Box BRD	director	Andres Veiel
Rhythm Is It!	director	Thomas Grube
Rhythm Is It!	director	Enrique Sánchez Lansch
22 Bullets	director	Alexandre de la Patellière
22 Bullets	director	Matthieu Delaporte
22 Bullets	director	Éric Assous
Ullasapoongattu	director	Vinayan
Senior Year (film)	director	Jerrold Tarog
London School of Commerce	director	Chief executive officer
The Truth (1998 film)	director	Shaji Kailas
Flypaper (2011 film)	director	Rob Minkoff
Tactical Force	director	Adamo Paolo Cultraro
Pinnilavu	director	P. G. Viswambharan
Silver Blaze (1977 film)	director	John Davies
Thachiledathu Chundan	director	Shajoon Kariyal
Stopover Tokyo	director	Richard L. Breen
Moments in the Woods	director	David Grossman (director)
When Hell Broke Loose	director	Kenneth G. Crane
Sarjan Hassan	director	Lamberto V. Avellana
Sarjan Hassan	director	P. Ramlee
Little Boys	director	Rob Greenberg
Malappuram Haji Mahanaya Joji	director	Thulasidas
Bewaqoof	director	I. S. Johar
Stuck Between Stations	director	Brady Kiernan
Live at River Plate	director	David Mallet (director)
Underwater Love	director	Shinji Imaoka
Poonthotta Kaavalkaaran	director	Senthilnathan
Soy gitano	director	Jorge Nisco
Soy gitano	director	Sebastián Pivotto
Society Mugs	director	Edward Bernds
A Tale of Two Cities: The Circuit City Story	director	Tom Wulf
Mr. Monk and Sharona	director	Randall Zisk
Funtoosh	director	Chetan Anand
Mr Prime Minister	director	Dev Anand
Bunker Palace Hôtel	director	Enki Bilal
Malevil (film)	director	Christian de Chalonge
Shor in the City	director	Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K.
Shor in the City	director	Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K.
The Mayors	director	Dickson Iroegbu
Tan-Badan	director	Anand
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star (film)	director	Vayalar Madhavan
Wasao	director	Yoshinari Nishikori
Prayanam (1975 film)	director	Bharathan
The Journalist	director	Sergey Gerasimov
The Legend of the Golden Gun	director	Alan J. Levi
Antony and Cleopatra (1974 TV drama)	director	Jon Scoffield
Lorry (film)	director	Bharathan
Keli (film)	director	Bharathan
Yaro Oral	director	Pavithran
Gang of Four (film)	director	Jacques Rivette
The Doll Squad	director	Ted V. Mikels
Sarphira	director	Ashok Gaekwad
A Royal Divorce (1926 film)	director	Alexander Butler
Fire of Waters	director	Stan Brakhage
Sisid (TV series)	director	Ricky Davao
The Chess Set (short subject)	director	Alex Murawski
Bombshells (House)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Moshidora (film)	director	Makoto Tanaka
Sandhyakku Virinja Poovu	director	P. G. Viswambharan
Badle Ki Aag	director	Rajkumar Kohli
Hoshi Mamoru Inu	director	Tokiyuki Takimoto
Sinking Sands	director	Leila Djansi
Dark Souls (film)	director	César Ducasse
Dark Souls (film)	director	Mathieu Péteul
Dirk Gently (TV series)	director	Damon Thomas (director)
Bankomatt	director	Villi Hermann
Idavela	director	Mohan (director)
The White Girl (film)	director	Tony Brown (journalist)
Riverbend (film)	director	Sam Firstenberg
Food Matters	director	James Colquhoun
Food Matters	director	Carlo Ledesma
Karujaht Pärnumaal	director	Johannes Pääsuke
Shame (2011 film)	director	Steve McQueen (artist)
Karmayogi (2011 film)	director	V. K. Prakash
Kempe Gowda (film)	director	Sudeep
Garage Sale (The Office)	director	Steve Carell
Taipei Exchanges	director	Hsiao Ya-chuan
Fontamara (film)	director	Carlo Lizzani
Umma (1960 film)	director	Kunchacko
Os (Fringe)	director	Brad Anderson (director)
Autumn Crocus (film)	director	Basil Dean
Umma (2011 film)	director	Vijayakrishnan
Vadaka Veedu	director	Mohan (director)
Randu Pen Kuttikal	director	Mohan (director)
Surya Daham	director	Mohan (director)
Vida Parayum Munpe	director	Mohan (director)
Kathayariyathe	director	Mohan (director)
Kochu Kochu Thettukal	director	Mohan (director)
Niram Marunna Nimishangal	director	Mohan (director)
Alolam	director	Mohan (director)
Rachana (film)	director	Mohan (director)
Ilakkangal	director	Mohan (director)
Oru Katha Oru Nunnakkatha	director	Mohan (director)
Mangalam Nerunnu	director	Mohan (director)
Theertham	director	Mohan (director)
Sruthi (film)	director	Mohan (director)
Mukham	director	Mohan (director)
Angene Oru Avadhikkalathu	director	Mohan (director)
Sakshyam	director	Mohan (director)
The Campus (film)	director	Mohan (director)
Loyalties (1933 film)	director	Basil Dean
Neeli Saali	director	Kunchacko
Seeta (1960 film)	director	Kunchacko
Unniyarcha (film)	director	Kunchacko
Rebecca (1963 film)	director	Kunchacko
Kadalamma	director	Kunchacko
Bharya (1962 film)	director	Kunchacko
Ayesha (1964 film)	director	Kunchacko
Shakuntala (1965 film)	director	Kunchacko
Inapraavugal	director	Kunchacko
Tilottama (film)	director	Kunchacko
Jail (1966 film)	director	Kunchacko
Mainatharuvi Kola Case	director	Kunchacko
Kasavuthattam	director	Kunchacko
Thirichadi	director	Kunchacko
Punnapra Vayalar	director	Kunchacko
Kodungalluramma	director	Kunchacko
Susie (film)	director	Kunchacko
Othenente Makan	director	Kunchacko
Dattuputhran	director	Kunchacko
Pearl View	director	Kunchacko
Postmane Kananilla	director	Kunchacko
Panchavan Kaadu	director	Kunchacko
Aromalunni	director	Kunchacko
Thenaruvi	director	Kunchacko
Pavangal Pennungal	director	Kunchacko
Ponnapuram Kotta	director	Kunchacko
Thumbolarcha	director	Kunchacko
Durga (film)	director	Kunchacko
Neela Ponman	director	Kunchacko
Manishada	director	Kunchacko
Cheenavala	director	Kunchacko
Mallanum Mathevanum	director	Kunchacko
Chennaaya Valarthiya Kutty	director	Kunchacko
Dharmakshetre Kurukshetre	director	Kunchacko
Mudiyanaya Puthran	director	Ramu Kariat
Laila Majnu (1962 film)	director	P. Bhaskaran
Snehadeepam	director	P. Subramaniam
Fallada: The Last Chapter	director	Roland Gräf
Kalpadukal	director	K. S. Antony
Puthiya Akasam Puthiya Bhoomi	director	M. S. Mani (director)
Ninamaninja Kalpadukal	director	N. N. Pisharody
Moodupadam	director	Ramu Kariat
Anna (1964 film)	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
The St. Francisville Experiment	director	Ted Nicolaou
The Striker with Number 9	director	Pantelis Voulgaris
Kudumbini	director	P. A. Thomas
Rosie (1965 film)	director	P. N. Menon
To Say I Love You	director	Andrew Wilson
Kavyamela	director	M. Krishnan Nair (director)
Sthanarthi Saramma	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Sheelavathi	director	P. B. Unni
Agniputhri	director	M. Krishnan Nair (director)
Kottayam Kolacase	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Balyakalasakhi (film)	director	J. Sasikumar
Khadeeja	director	M. Krishnan Nair (director)
Anveshichu Kandethiyilla	director	P. Bhaskaran
Pareeksha	director	P. Bhaskaran
Kavalam Chundan (film)	director	J. Sasikumar
American Stories, Food, Family and Philosophy	director	Chantal Akerman
Kadalpalam	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Mooladhanam	director	P. Bhaskaran
Kumara Sambhavam	director	P. Subramaniam
Peut-être	director	Cédric Klapisch
Kuttyedathi	director	P. N. Menon
Sarasayya	director	Thoppil Bhasi
Preethi	director	P. Subramaniam
Chembarathi	director	P. N. Menon
Achanum Bappayum	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Ahana Pellanta	director	Veerabrahmam
Panitheeratha Veedu	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Azhakulla Saleena	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Madhuranombarakattu	director	Kamal (director)
Life Is Beautiful (2000 film)	director	Fazil
Karumadikkuttan	director	Vinayan
Nariman (film)	director	K. Madhu
Saivar Thirumeni	director	Shajoon Kariyal
Meghamalhar	director	Kamal (director)
Thandavam	director	Shaji Kailas
Jalothsavam	director	Sibi Malayil
Boyy Friennd	director	Vinayan
Seelabathi	director	R. Sarath
One Day A Lemming Will Fly	director	Simon Cellan-Jones
Eakantham	director	Madhu Kaithapram
Thakarachenda	director	Avira Rebecca
With Love... from the Age of Reason	director	Yann Samuell
Commingled Containers	director	Stan Brakhage
Stowaway (Fringe)	director	Charles Beeson (director)
Bloodline (Fringe)	director	Dennis Smith (director)
Umoja the village where men are forbidden	director	Jean Crousillac
Umoja the village where men are forbidden	director	Jean-Marc Sainclair
The Last Blitzkrieg	director	Arthur Dreifuss
Before I Forget (film)	director	Jacques Nolot
Brothers in Law (film)	director	Boulting brothers
Twenty Twelve (TV series)	director	John Morton (writer)
Nightjohn (film)	director	Charles Burnett
Endgame (TV series)	director	David Frazee
Dwellings of Men and Women	director	Kwok Wai Sing
IDate a Bad Boy	director	Steve Hoefer
Ivan and Alexandra	director	Ivan Nitchev
I Love, You Love	director	Dušan Hanák
The Malay Chronicles: Bloodlines	director	Yusry
Savate (1995 film)	director	Isaac Florentine
Joan of Arc of Mongolia	director	Ulrike Ottinger
Before the Bat's Flight Is Done	director	Péter Tímár
Boys' Night	director	Chris Koch
Forever Female	director	Irving Rapper
Bad for Each Other	director	Irving Rapper
Strange Intruder	director	Irving Rapper
Pontius Pilate (film)	director	Gian Paolo Callegari
Pontius Pilate (film)	director	Irving Rapper
Koizora (film)	director	Natsuki Imai
The Man from Montana	director	George Marshall (director)
Valley of the Sun (film)	director	George Marshall (director)
True to Life (film)	director	George Marshall (director)
Hold that Blonde	director	George Marshall (director)
Hazard (1948 film)	director	George Marshall (director)
The Second Greatest Sex	director	George Marshall (director)
Pillars of the Sky	director	George Marshall (director)
Dark Purpose	director	George Marshall (director)
Beyond Mombasa	director	George Marshall (director)
Eight on the Lam	director	George Marshall (director)
The Show-Off	director	Harry Beaumont
It's a Great Life	director	Christian Nyby
The Naive Man From Lolliland/ 2 in the AM PM	director	J. G. Quintel
The Naive Man From Lolliland/ 2 in the AM PM  "2 in the AM PM"   1	director	J. G. Quintel
Kaaval Geetham	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Thanthu Vitten Ennai	director	C. V. Sridhar
The Dark Night (film)	director	Carlos Saura
Pestalozzi's Mountain	director	Peter von Gunten
Hello Hemingway	director	Fernando Pérez
Dockers (TV programme)	director	William Anderson
The Servant (1989 film)	director	Vadim Abdrashitov
Dead Tooth (Raising Hope)	director	Michael Fresco
Evangeline (1913 film)	director	Edward P. Sullivan
Evangeline (1913 film)	director	William Cavanaugh
Chernobyl: The Final Warning	director	Anthony Page
Shanghai Blues	director	Tsui Hark
The Shaggy Dog (1994 film)	director	Dennis Dugan
Cocaine (film)	director	Graham Cutts
Thacholi Ambu	director	Appachan
These Girls Are Missing	director	Shari Robertson
These Girls Are Missing	director	Michael Camerini
Where's Raymond?	director	John Rich (director)
Where's Raymond?	director	Sidney Lanfield
Where's Raymond?	director	Marc Daniels
Where's Raymond?	director	William Asher
Lost Freedom	director	Umur Hozatlı
The Hunger Games (film)	director	Gary Ross
At Dolphin Bay	director	Lin He Long
Rokkk	director	Rajesh Ranshinge
Magic City (TV series)	director	Mitch Glazer
TT3D: Closer to the Edge	director	Richard de Aragues
Mary Burns, Fugitive	director	William K. Howard
Ayalathe Adheham	director	Rajasenan
Race to Nowhere	director	Vicki Abeles
Nasihat	director	Aravind Sen
Tiegs for Two	director	Jerry Langford
Wasted on the Young	director	Ben C. Lucas
Batwara	director	J. P. Dutta
Suryaa: An Awakening	director	Esmayeel Shroff
Patthar Aur Payal	director	Harmesh Malhotra
C.I.D. (1990 film)	director	Ajay Goel
Beautiful Boy (film)	director	Shawn Ku
Baazi (1968 film)	director	Moni Bhattacharjee
Bicycle Dreams	director	Stephen Auerbach
Loafer (1973 film)	director	A. Bhimsingh
The Road from Elephant Pass	director	Chandran Rutnam
It's Love Again	director	Victor Saville
Mangamma (film)	director	T. V. Chandran
Kabani Nadi Chuvannappol	director	P. A. Backer
Ormakalundayirikkanam	director	T. V. Chandran
Anhoniyon Ka Andhera	director	Vikram Bhatt
Nokas (film)	director	Erik Skjoldbjærg
Ted (film)	director	Seth MacFarlane
Three for the Road (TV series)	director	Bernard McEveety
Three for the Road (TV series)	director	Hy Averback
Conspirator (1949 film)	director	Victor Saville
IParty with Victorious	director	Steve Hoefer
Angels (film)	director	Jacob Berger
The Asthenic Syndrome	director	Kira Muratova
Split Image (film)	director	Ted Kotcheff
Mela (1980 film)	director	K. G. George
El cónsul de Sodoma	director	Sigfrid Monleón
Uncle Tom's Cabin (1927 film)	director	Harry A. Pollard
Cage (film)	director	Lang Elliott
Swami Ayyappan (film)	director	P. Subramaniam
Padatha Painkili	director	P. Subramaniam
Lava (1980 film)	director	Hariharan (director)
She Couldn't Say No (1939 film)	director	Graham Cutts
Vaidhegi Kaathirunthaal	director	R. Sundarrajan
Padunna Puzha	director	M. Krishnan Nair (director)
Chukkalanti Ammayi Chakkanaina Abbayi	director	Kanmani
The Temporary Widow	director	Gustav Ucicky
Sthithi	director	R. Sarath
Hen Hop	director	Norman McLaren
Anand (1986 film)	director	Singitham Shrinivasarao
Great River (film)	director	Pitchfork Media
Sayahnam	director	R. Sarath
Black Snow (film)	director	Xie Fei (director)
One Sunday Afternoon	director	Stephen Roberts (director)
The Great McGonagall (film)	director	Joseph McGrath
Blackout (1985 film)	director	Douglas Hickox
Limbo (2010 film)	director	Maria Sødahl
Machan (film)	director	Uberto Pasolini
The Scorpion King 3: Rise of the Dead	director	Roel Reiné
The Dilemma (1914 film)	director	George Morgan (screenwriter)
Juan Colorado	director	Miguel Zacarías
Boogie-Woogie Dream	director	Hanus Burger
Nearer My God to Thee (Homicide: Life on the Street)	director	Tim Hunter (director)
Quiet Chaos (film)	director	Antonello Grimaldi
Ghost: In Your Arms Again	director	Taro Otani
When Every Day Was the Fourth of July	director	Dan Curtis
When Every Day Was the Fourth of July  The Long Days of Summer   1	director	Dan Curtis
Sentenced to Death (film)	director	János Zsombolyai
Herzlich willkommen	director	Hark Bohm
Your Cheatin' Heart (film)	director	Gene Nelson
The Guard (1990 film)	director	Aleksandr Rogozhkin
Me, Myself and I (film)	director	Pablo Ferro
Adam and Evil (film)	director	Andrew Van Slee
Din of Celestial Birds	director	E. Elias Merhige
Florian (film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
Ringside Maisie	director	Edwin L. Marin
Intrigue (film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
The Younger Brothers	director	Edwin L. Marin
Fighting Man of the Plains	director	Edwin L. Marin
The Cariboo Trail	director	Edwin L. Marin
Raton Pass (film)	director	Edwin L. Marin
Murph the Surf (film)	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
Attica (film)	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
Welcome to People	director	Alex Kurtzman
Salty O'Rourke	director	Raoul Walsh
A Private's Affair	director	Raoul Walsh
Hitting a New High	director	Raoul Walsh
Cheyenne (film)	director	Raoul Walsh
One Sunday Afternoon (1948 film)	director	Raoul Walsh
Glory Alley	director	Raoul Walsh
Sette baschi rossi	director	Mario Siciliano
Bangkok Knockout	director	Panna Rittikrai
Ships with Wings	director	Sergei Nolbandov
The Kick	director	Prachya Pinkaew
The Secret (1990 film)	director	Francesco Maselli
100% Love	director	Sukumar
La Petite Aurore: l'enfant martyre (film)	director	Jean-Yves Bigras
Il seme dell'uomo	director	Marco Ferreri
Harvest Festival (Parks and Recreation)	director	Dean Holland
Knights (film)	director	Albert Pyun
On Again-Off Again	director	Edward Cline
All the King's Horses (1935 film)	director	Frank Tulle
¡Qué Sorpresa!	director	John Riggi
My Teenage Daughter	director	Herbert Wilcox
Queen of Jordan (30 Rock)	director	Ken Whittingham
Amelia Lópes O'Neill	director	Valeria Sarmiento
The Ballad of the Sad Café (film)	director	Simon Callow
The Mountain (1991 film)	director	Markus Imhoof
Cafe Colette	director	Paul L. Stein
Ghost From The Machine	director	Matt Osterman
Out of the Chute	director	Sanford Bookstaver
Waissman	director	Eduardo Montes-Bradley
Doore Doore Oru Koodu Koottam	director	Sibi Malayil
Bulbulay	director	Rana Rizwan
Brothers & Sisters (Family Guy)	director	Julius Wu
The Conviction	director	Marco Bellocchio
Brigham City Museum-Gallery	director	Kaia Landon
Medallion (film)	director	Simon West
Save a Little Sunshine	director	Norman Lee
Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer	director	John Schultz (director)
Fall from Grace (House)	director	Tucker Gates
China: The Roots of Madness	director	Mel Stuart
The Fourth Estate (film)	director	Paul Rotha
Go, Johnny Go!	director	Paul Landres
The Living Art Museum	director	Gunnhildur Hauksdottir
Osthi	director	S. Dharani
Kick In (1931 film)	director	Richard Wallace (director)
Snake Fang	director	Masoud Kimiai
Success (film)	director	Franz Seitz, Jr.
Fortune Express	director	Olivier Schatzky
A Very School Gyrls Holla-Day (film)	director	Nick Cannon
Vicky the Viking (film)	director	Michael Herbig
Balmaa (1993 film)	director	Lawrence D'Souza
Death from Above (film)	director	Bruce Koelher
Bitch (Law & Order)	director	Constantine Makris
The Man from Beyond	director	Burton L. King
The Beloved (2011 film)	director	Christophe Honoré
Giovanna's Father	director	Pupi Avati
The Lies Ill-Concealed	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Slaves to the Underground	director	Kristine Peterson
The Man with Two Faces (1934 film)	director	Archie Mayo
Song Beneath the Song	director	Tony Phelan
Max et les Ferrailleurs	director	Claude Sautet
Wrong Turn 4: Bloody Beginnings	director	Declan O'Brien
Chuck Versus the Family Volkoff	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
Camping (Parks and Recreation)	director	Rob Schrab
Los únicos	director	Rodolfo Antúnez
Los únicos	director	Sebastián Pivotto
Quiet Days in August	director	Pantelis Voulgaris
When the Stars Were Red	director	Dušan Trančík
Sahara (1995 film)	director	Brian Trenchard-Smith
Training Day (The Office)	director	Paul Lieberstein
The Bully Project	director	Lee Hirsch
The Little Gangster	director	Jacques Doillon
Gentleman's Intermission	director	Don Scardino
Satan (1991 film)	director	Viktor Aristov (director)
Plan B (30 Rock)	director	Jeff Richmond
The Glitter Dome	director	Stuart Margolin
The Invisible Maniac	director	Adam Rifkin
The Nutt House (film)	director	Adam Rifkin
The Nutt House (film)	director	Scott Spiegel
13 Men and a Gun	director	Mario Zampi
The Tango Player	director	Roland Gräf
China (film)	director	John Farrow
Copper Canyon (film)	director	John Farrow
The Train (1973 film)	director	Pierre Granier-Deferre
Ultra (film)	director	Ricky Tognazzi
Mark of the Devil Part II	director	Adrian Hoven
She Loved a Fireman	director	John Farrow
Captain Fracassa's Journey	director	Ettore Scola
The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave	director	Emilio Miraglia
Escape to Glory	director	John Brahm
The Diamond Queen (1953 film)	director	John Brahm
Special Delivery (1955 film)	director	John Brahm
The Red Queen Kills Seven Times	director	Emilio Miraglia
Fat Head	director	Tom Naughton
The Rubber Gun	director	Allan Moyle
Rock of Ages (film)	director	Adam Shankman
I Don't Know How She Does It	director	Douglas McGrath
Manhood (Law & Order)	director	Ed Sherin
Singham (2011 film)	director	Rohit Shetty
Pendulum Drift (film)	director	Shehzad Afzal
Taxi Chor	director	Sushil Vyas
The Piano Lesson (film)	director	Lloyd Richards
Redwood Curtain	director	John Korty
Daruchini Dip	director	Toukir Ahmed
Demon of Paradise	director	Cirio H. Santiago
Prince of Shadows	director	Pilar Miró
Memphis: Direct from Broadway	director	Don Roy King
Bo Kata	director	Shehzad Afzal
Loose Ankles	director	Ted Wilde
A Severed Head (film)	director	Dick Clement
A Vacation in Hell	director	David Greene
The Redeeming Sin	director	Howard Bretherton
The Little Irish Girl	director	Roy Del Ruth
La Mansión de Araucaima	director	Carlos Mayolo
Mannequin (1926 film)	director	James Cruze
The College Widow	director	Archie Mayo
The College Widow	director	Henry Blanke
First Orbit	director	Christopher Riley
Leif (film)	director	Claes Eriksson
Skinner's Dress Suit	director	William A. Seiter
Carnival Magic (film)	director	Al Adamson
The Cruel Truth	director	Phil Rosen
Loafer (2011 film)	director	Ashok Pati
Codename: Kyril	director	Ian Sharp
The Navy vs. the Night Monsters	director	Michael A. Hoey
Allez Hopp	director	Hans Fritz Köllner
Irgendwo in Berlin	director	Gerhard Lamprecht
Berlin im Aufbau	director	Kurt Maetzig
Ehe im Schatten	director	Kurt Maetzig
Blum Affair	director	Erich Engel
1-2-3 Corona	director	Hans Müller (director)
Chemie und Liebe	director	Arthur Maria Rabenalt
Der Auftrag Höglers	director	Gustav von Wangenheim
Bürgermeister Anna	director	Hans Müller (director)
Der Kahn der fröhlichen Leute	director	Hans Reimann (writer)
Heart of Stone (1950 film)	director	Paul Verhoeven (Germany)
Der Rat der Götter	director	Kurt Maetzig
Das verurteilte Dorf	director	Martin Hellberg
Anna Susanna	director	Richard Nicolas
Das Kleine und das große Glück	director	Martin Hellberg
Carola Lamberti - Eine vom Zirkus	director	Hans Müller (director)
Alarm in the Circus	director	Gerhard Klein
Der Fall Dr. Wagner	director	Carl Balhaus
Der Fall Dr. Wagner	director	Harald Mannl
Das geheimnisvolle Wrack	director	Herbert Ballmann
Die Dresdner Philharmoniker	director	Joachim Kunert
52 Wochen sind ein Jahr	director	Richard Groschopp
Das Fräulein von Scuderi	director	Eugen York
A Berlin Romance	director	Gerhard Klein
Damals in Paris	director	Carl Balhaus
The Captain from Cologne	director	Slatan Dudow
Das tapfere Schneiderlein	director	Helmut Spieß
Alter Kahn und junge Liebe	director	Hans Reimann (writer)
Berlin – Ecke Schönhauser…	director	Gerhard Klein
Der Fackelträger	director	Johannes Knittel
Bärenburger Schnurre	director	Ralf Kirsten
Schlösser und Katen	director	Kurt Maetzig
Abenteuer in Bamsdorf	director	Konrad Petzold
The Tinder Box (film)	director	Siegfried Hartmann
The Sailor's Song	director	Kurt Maetzig
The Sailor's Song	director	Günter Reisch
Eine alte Liebe	director	Frank Beyer
Panzer 88	director	Peter Briggs
Brücke zwischen gestern und morgen	director	Fred Mahr
Bevor der Blitz einschlägt	director	Richard Groschopp
The Punch Bowl (1959 film)	director	Günter Reisch
Reportage 57	director	János Veiczi
The Gleiwitz Case	director	Gerhard Klein
The Dress (1961 film)	director	Konrad Petzold
The Dress (1961 film)	director	Egon Günther
Der geteilte Himmel	director	Konrad Wolf
The Story of a Murder	director	Joachim Hasler
Der Frühling braucht Zeit	director	Günter Stahnke
The Rabbit Is Me	director	Kurt Maetzig
Bulletface	director	Albert Pyun
The Bad Bunch	director	Greydon Clark
Wacko (film)	director	Greydon Clark
Uninvited (1988 film)	director	Greydon Clark
Dance Macabre (film)	director	Greydon Clark
Hotel Transylvania	director	Genndy Tartakovsky
Bouncing Cats	director	Nabil Elderkin
Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy (film)	director	Tomas Alfredson
Lysergic Acid Diethylamide (Fringe)	director	Joe Chappelle
6:02 AM EST	director	Jeannot Szwarc
The Day We Died	director	Joe Chappelle
Mortis Rex	director	Peter Briggs
Nazrana (film)	director	C. V. Sridhar
The Caveman (1926 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
The Caveman (1926 film)	director	D. Ross Lederman
Sweet Home (film)	director	Kiyoshi Kurosawa
The Music Never Stopped	director	Jim Kohlberg
Vishwaroopam	director	Kamal Haasan
Hajar Bachhor Dhore	director	Shuchanda
Naga Story: The Other Side of Silence	director	Gopal Menon
1½ Knights – In Search of the Ravishing Princess Herzelinde	director	Til Schweiger
Velli Vizha	director	K. Balachander
Sakka Podu Podu Raja	director	S. P. Muthuraman
Nool Veli	director	K. Balachander
Guppedu Manasu	director	K. Balachander
Gold Heels (1924 film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Pilot (Better with You)	director	James Burrows
Classmates (1924 film)	director	John S. Robertson
Main Street (1923 film)	director	Harry Beaumont
Den store barnedåpen	director	Tancred Ibsen
Desperate Acquaintances	director	Svend Wam
Double-Edged Sword (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
Det drønner gjennom dalen	director	Olav Dalgard
It's Never Too Late for Now	director	John Riggi
School (TV series)	director	Hijikata Masato
School (TV series)	director	Iwata Kazuyuki
School (TV series)	director	Hirano Shin
Det kunne vært deg	director	Kåre Bergstrøm
Det kunne vært deg	director	Henki Kolstad
Pranchiyettan & the Saint	director	Ranjith (director)
CNote (film)	director	Christopher Hinton (animator)
Totally Blonde	director	Andrew Van Slee
Hotath Neerar Jonnyo	director	Subrata Sen
These Wilder Years	director	Roy Rowland (film director)
Bobbed Hair (1925 film)	director	Alan Crosland
Bobbed Hair (1925 film)	director	Gordon Hollingshead
The Vanishing American	director	George B. Seitz
The castle of purity	director	Arturo Ripstein
Arthur 3: The War of the Two Worlds	director	Luc Besson
When Knighthood Was in Flower (1922 film)	director	Robert G. Vignola
Angel (2011 film)	director	Ganesh Acharya
Boogie-Doodle	director	Norman McLaren
The Names of Love	director	Michele Leclerc
The Musical Man	director	Michael Spiller
Covert Action (film)	director	Romolo Guerrieri
Chef's Special	director	Nacho García Velilla
Macabre (1980 film)	director	Lamberto Bava
Pop and Contemporary Fine Art	director	Saskia Joosse
The Ditch	director	Wang Bing (director)
Tatsumi (film)	director	Eric Khoo
A Cinderella Story: Once Upon A Song	director	Damon Santostefano
Just Air	director	Carlos Hernández Vázquez
I'll Swallow Poison on Sunday	director	David Warren (director)
Then I Really Got Scared	director	Larry Shaw (director)
Shoot to Kill (1990 TV drama)	director	Peter Kosminsky
Caillou's Holiday Movie	director	Nick Rijgersberg
Always Kabhi Kabhi	director	Roshan Abbas
Waar	director	Bilal Lashari
Frozen Flashes (film)	director	János Veiczi
Chuck Versus the Wedding Planner	director	Anton Cropper
Stars of Tomorrow	director	Ben Steel
Stars of Tomorrow	director	Lara Kuiperi
Stars of Tomorrow	director	Rodney Tromp
Stars of Tomorrow	director	Hildward Werleman
Why Men Don't Listen and Women Can't Read Maps	director	Leander Haußmann
Orma Mathram	director	Madhu Kaithapram
Kabooliwala	director	Siddique-Lal
Hoshi no Furumachi (film)	director	Koji Kawano
The Theatre Bizarre	director	Douglas Buck
The Theatre Bizarre	director	Buddy Giovinazzo
The Theatre Bizarre	director	David Gregory (filmmaker)
The Theatre Bizarre	director	Karim Hussain
The Theatre Bizarre	director	Tom Savini
The Theatre Bizarre	director	Richard Stanley (film director)
Into the Deep: America, Whaling & the World	director	Ric Burns
Chimera (1991 film)	director	Lawrence Gordon Clark
Kannika	director	S. M. Sriramulu Naidu
Akkare Ninnoru Maran	director	Girish
Ponnar Shankar (film)	director	Thyagarajan
Tales of an Ancient Empire	director	Albert Pyun
Dharti (2011)	director	Navaniat Singh
For Lovers Only (film)	director	The Polish brothers
Rat Rod Rockers!	director	Kill Switch...Klick
Sasneham	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Orikkal Oridathu	director	Jeassy
Pierre Schoendoerffer, the Sentinel of Memory	director	Raphaël Millet
Kool...Sakkath Hot Maga	director	Ganesh (actor)
Elles (film)	director	Malgorzata Szumowska
Whipsaw (film)	director	Sam Wood
The Son of No One	director	Dito Montiel
Appunni	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Kanalkkattu	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Kalikkalam	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Indianapolis Art Center	director	Carter Wolf
Kids Don't Tell	director	Sam O'Steen
Pilot Pitch	director	Seth MacFarlane
Ladies and Gentlemen (film)	director	Rajkumar Santoshi
Allah Made Me Funny	director	Andrea Kalin
People on Wheels	director	Martin Frič
B-Girl	director	Emily Dell
Henry's Crime	director	Malcolm Venville
Thieves by Law	director	Alexander Gentelev
Ikland	director	Cevin Soling
Ikland	director	David Hilbert (film-maker)
Kasargod Khader Bhai	director	Thulasidas
Voices Within: The Lives of Truddi Chase	director	Lamont Johnson
Mimics Parade	director	Thulasidas
The Donner Party (documentary)	director	Ric Burns
Big Boy Rides Again	director	Albert Herman
Big Stakes (1922 film)	director	Clifford S. Elfelt
Black Tights	director	Terence Young
Branded a Coward	director	Sam Newfield
Chase Step by Step	director	Yu Min Sheong
Do You Know the Muffin Man?	director	Gilbert Cates
Fire in Babylon	director	Stevan Riley
Dumb Dicks	director	Ralph Ceder
Dunces and Dangers	director	Larry Semon
Fangs of the Wild (1939 film)	director	Bernard B. Ray
Fighting to Live	director	Edward F. Cline
Gashole	director	Scott Roberts
Gashole	director	Jeremy Wagener
Freckles Comes Home	director	Jean Yarbrough
Fuzzy Settles Down	director	Sam Newfield
Goodbye Love (film)	director	H. Bruce Humberstone
Granddad (1913 film)	director	Thomas H. Ince
Guests Wanted	director	Ralph Ceder
Half a Sinner (1940 film)	director	Al Christie
Maaro (film)	director	Siddique (director)
Julius Sizzer	director	Edward Ludwig
Rock: Wanko no Shima	director	Isamu Nakae
So This Is New York	director	Richard Fleischer
Samooham	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Golanthara Vartha	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Anubandham	director	I. V. Sasi
Kudumbapuranam	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Judgement Day (2011 film)	director	Renji Panicker
Beauty: In the Eyes of the Beheld	director	Liza Figueroa Kravinsky
Physical Attraction, Chemical Reaction (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Tom Verica
My Reincarnation	director	Jennifer Fox
The Lost World of the Crystal Skull (2009)	director	Gabriel Murray
Kala pul	director	Saqib Mausoof
Kickin' the Crown Around	director	Samuel White
Law and Lead	director	Robert F. Hill
Law of the Wolf	director	Bernard B. Ray
Man with Two Lives	director	Phil Rosen
The Belly Dancer and the Politician (film)	director	Sameer saif
Forever Young (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Tom Verica
Minstrel Man (1944 film)	director	Joseph H. Lewis
Minstrel Man (1944 film)	director	Edgar G. Ulmer
Mole Men Against the Son of Hercules	director	Antonio Leonviola
Mathond Madhuvena	director	Dinesh Baboo
Thanatopsis (film)	director	Ed Emshwiller
Irumbu Thirai	director	S. S. Vasan
Gangs of Wasseypur	director	Anurag Kashyap (director)
Bâton rouge (film)	director	Rachid Bouchareb
Emma Smith: My Story	director	T. C. Christensen
Emma Smith: My Story	director	Gary Cook
Son of Darkness: To Die For II	director	David Price
Dust of Life (2009 film)	director	Le-Van Kiet
Deathstalker IV: Match of Titans	director	Howard R. Cohen
Hors-la-loi (1985 film)	director	Robin Davis (director)
Oklahoma Terror	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Lucky Jokers	director	Sunil (Director)
Someone to Watch Over Lily	director	Michael Spiller
Winds of Change (upcoming film)	director	Deepa Mehta
The Gang (film)	director	J. Williams (cinematographer)
Buddha in a Traffic Jam	director	Vivek Agnihotri
Por Derecho de Sangre	director	Salvador Mejia
Por Derecho de Sangre	director	Carlos García Agraz
My Angel My Hero	director	Dan Shor
Rubber Racketeers	director	Harold Young
La Schiava Io Ce L'Ho e Tu No	director	Giorgio Capitani
Pigman (film)	director	Avira Rebecca
Skull and Crown	director	Elmer Clifton
Star Odyssey	director	Alfonso Brescia
Sucker Money	director	Dorothy Davenport
Sucker Money	director	Melville Shyer
Take Heed Mr. Tojo	director	Shamus Culhane
Tall, Tan, and Terrific	director	Bud Pollard
Ten Minutes to Live	director	Oscar Micheaux
The Courageous Avenger	director	Robert N. Bradbury
Cooperative Calligraphy	director	Russo brothers
The Gay Nighties	director	Mark Sandrich
The Great Brain (film)	director	Sidney Levin
The Mysterious Rider (1942 film)	director	Sam Newfield
The Pay-Off	director	Lowell Sherman
The Shadow of Silk Lennox	director	Ray Kirkwood
The Shadow of Silk Lennox	director	Jack Nelson
The Test (1935 film)	director	Bernard B. Ray
The Woman Condemned	director	Dorothy Davenport
The Tall Man (2011 film)	director	Pascal Laugier
Sengadal	director	Leena Manimekalai
The Year Dolly Parton Was My Mom	director	Tara Johns
Moonrise Kingdom	director	Wes Anderson
Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie	director	Tim Heidecker
Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie	director	Eric Wareheim
Waco (film)	director	Rupert Wainwright
Vartul	director	Santosh Ram
The Affairs of Jimmy Valentine	director	Bernard Vorhaus
Vengeance of Rannah	director	Bernard B. Ray
Wrecking Crew (1942 film)	director	Frank McDonald
Kanchana Sita	director	G. Aravindan
Tengoku Kara no Yell	director	Chikato Kumazawa
Debtocracy	director	Katerina Kitidi
Debtocracy	director	Aris Hatzistefanou
Thampu	director	G. Aravindan
Kummatty	director	G. Aravindan
Esthappan	director	G. Aravindan
Oridathu	director	G. Aravindan
Pokkuveyil	director	G. Aravindan
Beverly Hills Chihuahua (film series)	director	Raja Gosnell
Beverly Hills Chihuahua (film series)	director	Adam Zamm
Midas (TV series)	director	Kang Shin Hyo
Midas (TV series)	director	Lee Chang Min
The Nut Farm	director	Melville W. Brown
Flood!	director	Earl Bellamy
Broken Strings (film)	director	Bernard B. Ray
The Basketball Fix	director	Felix E. Feist
Lunch Meat (film)	director	Kirk Alex
Street Kings: Motor City	director	Chris Fisher
Michael's Last Dundies	director	Mindy Kaling
Disturbed (film)	director	Charles Winkler
Carol I (film)	director	Sergiu Nicolaescu
The Magician of Lublin (film)	director	Menahem Golan
Scalps	director	Fred Olen Ray
Dragon's Dogma	director	Hideaki Itsuno
Love Comes Lately	director	Jan Schütte
The Guard (2001 film)	director	Hakim (director)
Vakkalathu Narayanankutty	director	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
Puthooramputhri Unniyarcha	director	P. G. Viswambharan
Kottaram Veettile Apputtan	director	Rajasenan
Physical Education (Community)	director	Russo brothers
Seed of Destruction (Space: 1999)	director	Kevin Connor (director)
Flame (1996 film)	director	Ingrid Sinclair
The Chosen One (2010 film)	director	Rob Schneider
Sahi Dhandhe Galat Bande	director	Parvin Dabas
Hollywood Without Make-Up	director	Rudy Behlmer
Hollywood Without Make-Up	director	Loring d'Usseau
Hollywood Without Make-Up	director	Kenneth Murray
Hysterical History	director	Isadore Sparber
Red Balloon (2010 film)	director	Alexis Wajsbrot
Red Balloon (2010 film)	director	Damien Mace
The Mystical Adventures of Billy Owens	director	Mark McNabb
Ansel Adams: A Documentary Film	director	Ric Burns
Pilot Season (film)	director	Kevin Smith
Pilot Season (film)  Pilot Season 2: The Summer Season   1	director	Kevin Smith
Pilot Season (film)  Pilot Season 2: The Summer Season   1	director	Trevor Moore
Elavamkodu Desam	director	K. G. George
Conspiracy Theories and Interior Design	director	Adam Davidson (director)
The Great Meadow	director	Charles Brabin
House of Tolerance	director	Bertrand Bonello
Footnote (film)	director	Joseph Cedar
Sesham	director	T. K. Rajeev Kumar
Sacrifice (2011 film)	director	Damian Lee
Tropic Holiday	director	Theodore Reed
Fight Life	director	James Z. Feng
Sambhav Asambhav	director	Anant Mahadevan
Bhakthajanangalude Sradhakku	director	Priyanandanan
Evils of the Night	director	Mardi Rustam
L'Épervier	director	Marcel L'Herbier
Étienne (film)	director	Jean Tarride
Pulp (2011 film)	director	Adam Hamdy
Dans les rues	director	Victor Trivas
Le Scandale (1934 film)	director	Marcel L'Herbier
Ponjola	director	Donald Crisp
Ponjola	director	James Young (director)
Infidelity (film)	director	David Lowell Rich
Pater (film)	director	Alain Cavalier
Hanezu	director	Naomi Kawase
The Great White Way (1924 film)	director	E. Mason Hopper
The Dig (House)	director	Matt Shakman
Poliss	director	Maïwenn Le Besco
L'Aventurier (1934 film)	director	Marcel L'Herbier
Freelancers (film)	director	Jessy Terrero
One Summer Love	director	Gilbert Cates
The Source (2011 film)	director	Radu Mihăileanu
Hara-Kiri: Death of a Samurai	director	Takashi Miike
Michael (2011 film)	director	Markus Schleinzer
Les Hommes nouveaux	director	Marcel L'Herbier
Checkered Flag or Crash	director	Alan Gibson (director)
Betrayal (1929 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Nights of Fire	director	Marcel L'Herbier
Chuck Versus Agent X	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
Generation P (film)	director	Victor Ginzburg (director)
Strigoi (film)	director	Faye Jackson
Titeuf (film)	director	Zep
The Hunter (2011 film)	director	Bakur Bakuradze
Stopped on Track	director	Andreas Dresen
Martha Marcy May Marlene	director	Sean Durkin
Le Pavillon brûle	director	Jacques de Baroncelli
Le Lit à colonnes	director	Roland Tual
Memories of Overdevelopment	director	Miguel Coyula
Cornelis (film)	director	Amir Chamdin
Lapland Odyssey	director	Dome Karukoski
Invitation to Hell (1982 film)	director	Michael J. Murphy (film director)
Killer Bean Forever	director	Jeff Lew
L'Éternel retour	director	Jean Delannoy
Song of Scheherazade	director	Walter Reisch
Darling Companion	director	Lawrence Kasdan
Miyar House	director	Ramchandra P. N.
Rank (film)	director	David Yates
Boom Bang-a-Bang: 50 Years of Eurovision	director	Richard Valentine
Reminiscences of Yearning (2011 film)	director	Rouzbeh Rashidi
Boardinghouse (film)	director	John Wintergate
Erotic Nights of the Living Dead	director	Joe D'Amato
Spiders 3D	director	Tibor Takács (director)
Jane By Design	director	Lev L. Spiro
White Lightning (1953 film)	director	Edward Bernds
Zuma Canyon	director	Tom DiCillo
Black Butterflies	director	Paula van der Oest
A Slice of Life (1983 film)	director	John D. Lamond
I Am (2011 film)	director	Tom Shadyac
Masikip sa Dibdib	director	Joyce E. Bernal
Are You a Mason? (1915)	director	Thomas N. Heffron
The $5,000,000 Counterfeiting Plot	director	Bertram Harrison
Never Say Quit	director	Edward Dillon (actor)
In a Woman's Power	director	Herbert Brenon
Seven Sinners (1925 film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Tara Sasankam    1	director	Manapuram Appa Rao
Neelathamara (1979 film)	director	Yusuf Ali Kechery
Pinay Pie	director	José Javier Reyes
Mausoleum (film)	director	Michael Dugan (director)
Contraband (2012 film)	director	Baltasar Kormákur
Kamla (film)	director	Jag Mundhra
The New Klondike	director	Lewis Milestone
Four Nights with Anna	director	Jerzy Skolimowski
Jekyll & Hyde: Direct from Broadway	director	Don Roy King
Snowtown (film)	director	Snowtown (film)
Bhorer Allo	director	Prabhat Roy
Seizure (Law & Order: Criminal Intent)	director	Michael Fields
Puthukottyile Puthu Manavalan	director	Rafi Mecartin
Zoetrope (film)	director	Rouzbeh Rashidi
Faraday & Company	director	Gary Nelson (director)
Voyage sans espoir	director	Christian-Jaque
L'Appel du destin	director	Georges Lacombe (film director)
Rumours (Glee)	director	Tim Hunter (director)
Les Amants de minuit	director	Roger Richebé
Adani Institute of Infrastructure Management	director	Bakul Harshadrai Dholakia
Julietta (1953 film)	director	Marc Allégret
Kings and Desperate Men	director	Alexis Kanner
Le Guérisseur	director	Yves Ciampi
Maytime (1923 film)	director	Louis J. Gasnier
Putting It Together: Direct from Broadway	director	Don Roy King
The Essential Bugs Bunny	director	Chuck Jones
The Essential Bugs Bunny	director	Tex Avery
The Essential Bugs Bunny	director	Bob Clampett
The Essential Bugs Bunny	director	Friz Freleng
The Essential Bugs Bunny	director	James Davis (animator)
The Essential Bugs Bunny	director	Hal Geer
The Essential Bugs Bunny	director	Greg Ford
The Essential Bugs Bunny	director	Terry Lennon
The Essential Bugs Bunny	director	Douglas McCarthy
The Essential Bugs Bunny	director	Peter Shin
The Essential Bugs Bunny	director	Bill Kopp
The Essential Bugs Bunny	director	Phil Monroe
Prom Queen (Glee)	director	Eric Stoltz
Jolly Boy	director	Sabapathy Dekshinamurthy
Vazhakku Enn 18/9	director	Balaji Sakthivel
Ayalvasi Oru Daridravasi	director	Priyadarshan
Amrit (film)	director	Mohan Kumar
Amrit (film)	director	R.Verman Shetty
Wise Girl (film)	director	Leigh Jason
Chuyện Tình Xa Xứ - Passport To Love	director	Victor Vu
Tween Hearts	director	Gina Alajar
Smokey Joe's Cafe: Direct from Broadway	director	Don Roy King
Bolo na tumi amar	director	Sujit Mandal
The Girl Stage Driver	director	Webster Cullison
Red Nose, Black Heart	director	Nicholas Bond
Uthamaputhiran (2010 film)	director	Mithran Jawahar
Shades of Ash	director	Sudath Mahaadivulwewa
Rumi's Kimia (film)	director	Dariush Mehrjui
Hatey Bazarey	director	Tapan Sinha
Soulmates (Parks and Recreation)	director	Ken Whittingham
The Importance of Being Earnest (2011 film)	director	Brian Bedford
Down Terrace	director	Ben Wheatley
Exit: una storia personale	director	Massimiliano Amato
Chuck Versus the Last Details	director	Peter Lauer
Chenab Gandhi	director	Vibhu Puri
Chand Bhai	director	Nikhil Advani
Code of the Secret Service	director	Noel M. Smith
Tharle Nan Maga	director	Upendra
Paris in Spring	director	Lewis Milestone
Gantz (live action films)	director	Shinsuke Sato
Molla Barir Bou	director	Salauddin Lavlu
Dui Duari	director	Humayun Ahmed
Exquisite Corpse (film)	director	Scott David Russell
Mother's Day (Modern Family)	director	Michael Spiller
Asian Population Studies	director	Russo brothers
You Talkin' to Me?	director	Charles Winkler
Shackles (film)	director	Charles Winkler
And the Same to You	director	George Pollock (director)
And Lots of Security...	director	David Grossman (director)
Come on Over for Dinner	director	Larry Shaw (director)
100 (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
The Prophecy (franchise)	director	Gregory Widen
The Prophecy (franchise)	director	Greg Spence
The Prophecy (franchise)	director	Patrick Lussier
The Prophecy (franchise)	director	Joel Soisson
Soch Lo	director	Sartaj Singh Pannu
Kill List	director	Ben Wheatley
Incident at Map Grid 36-80	director	Mikhail Tumanishvili
Everybody Dies But Me	director	Valeriya Guy Germanika
Treasure Island (1982 film)	director	Vladimir Vorobyov
Ajambari Naataa	director	Pradip Shrestha
Nana (1944 film)	director	Roberto Gavaldón
Nana (1944 film)	director	Celestino Gorostiza
These Arms of Mine (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Stephen Cragg
The Nesting	director	Armand Weston
Simba: King of the Beasts	director	Martin and Osa Johnson
The Big Shot	director	Lewis Seiler
Department (film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
HumancentiPad	director	Trey Parker
Ooservelli (2011 film)	director	Surender Reddy
Dog×Police	director	Go Shichitaka
Manzilein Apani Apani	director	Anurag Basu
The Big Bang Theory (Family Guy)	director	Dominic Polcino
The Dirty Picture	director	Milan Luthria
Tartans of Scottish Clans	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
Woman Draped in Patterned Handkerchiefs	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
Spiders on a Web	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
Santa Claus (1898 film)	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
Bombay: Our City	director	Anand Patwardhan
River of Grass	director	Kelly Reichardt
Le Masque de la Méduse	director	Jean Rollin
Everywhere and Nowhere	director	Menhaj Huda
Then Nilavu	director	C. V. Sridhar
Winter Is Coming	director	Tim Van Patten
Foreign Affairs (Family Guy)	director	Pete Michels
Aval (film)	director	P. M. A. Azeez
Patita (1980 film)	director	I. V. Sasi
The Count of Monte Cristo (1954 film)	director	Robert Vernay
Krrish 2	director	Rakesh Roshan
Janmabhoomi (film)	director	John Sankaramangalam
Futures vedettes	director	Marc Allégret
L'Amour, Madame	director	Gilles Grangier
The Old Maid's Valentine	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
Goubbiah, mon amour	director	Robert Darène
The Legend of Pale Male	director	Frederic Lilien
Hemavin Kadhalargal	director	T. V. Chandran
Toute la ville accuse	director	Claude Boissol
Aadum Koothu	director	T. V. Chandran
Susanna (film)	director	T. V. Chandran
The Wedding in Monaco	director	Jean Masson
Die Fälschung	director	Volker Schlöndorff
The X-Rays	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
Old Man Drinking a Glass of Beer	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
Money Money (1995 film)	director	Shiva Nageswara Rao
Dastoor	director	Gurbir Singh Grewal
Sanctuary (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Stephen Cragg
The Big Swallow	director	James Williamson (film pioneer)
Flying the Foam and Some Fancy Diving	director	James Williamson (film pioneer)
The Little Match Seller	director	James Williamson (film pioneer)
Our New Errand Boy	director	James Williamson (film pioneer)
The Kingsroad	director	Tim Van Patten
Comrade (film)	director	Petter Næss
Bbuddah... Hoga Terra Baap	director	Puri Jagannadh
The Supernaturals (horror film)	director	Armand Mastroianni
Attack on a China Mission	director	James Williamson (film pioneer)
Stop Thief!	director	James Williamson (film pioneer)
Ordinary Fascism	director	Mikhail Romm
Tetsujin 28: The Movie	director	Shin Togashi
The Night of Nights	director	Lewis Milestone
Everything Sunny All the Time Always	director	John Riggi
Tween Academy: Class of 2012	director	Mark A. Reyes
Betelnut Beauty (film)	director	Lin Cheng-sheng
An Interesting Story	director	James Williamson (film pioneer)
Living Wigan	director	James Kenyon
Living Wigan	director	Sagar Mitchell
Akashadoothu	director	Sibi Malayil
Morecambe Church Lads' Brigade at Drill	director	James Kenyon
Morecambe Church Lads' Brigade at Drill	director	Sagar Mitchell
Kyaa Kool Hai Hum 2	director	Sachin Yardi
Naughty @ 40	director	Jag Mundhra
Typhon sur Nagasaki	director	Yves Ciampi
Swapnadanam	director	K. G. George
S.O.S. Noronha	director	Georges Rouquier
Amour de poche	director	Pierre Kast
Tell Them Anything You Want: A Portrait of Maurice Sendak	director	Lance Bangs
Tell Them Anything You Want: A Portrait of Maurice Sendak	director	Spike Jonze
American Reunion	director	Jon Hurwitz
American Reunion	director	Hayden Schlossberg
Manimuzhakkam	director	P. A. Backer
Chuvanna Vithukal	director	P. A. Backer
Sanghaganam	director	P. A. Backer
Manninte Maril	director	P. A. Backer
Unarthupattu	director	P. A. Backer
Charam	director	P. A. Backer
Chappa	director	P. A. Backer
Innaleyude Baaki	director	P. A. Backer
La Tour, prends garde !	director	Georges Lampin
Chaque jour a son secret	director	Claude Boissol
Vazhve Mayam	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
A New Life (film)	director	Alan Alda
Jerry's Painting	director	Dean Holland
Aircrash Confidential	director	Nick Davidson
Blubberella	director	Uwe Boll
Boologam	director	N. Kalyanakrishnan
Reema Kagti's Untitled Project	director	Reema Kagti
Chuck Versus the Cliffhanger	director	Robert Duncan McNeill
Petty in Pink	director	Liz Friedlander
The Russian Question	director	Mikhail Romm
Search Committee	director	Jeffrey Blitz
Yakshi (film)	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Satan's Baby Doll	director	Mario Bianchi
Lucky Partners	director	Lewis Milestone
Good Cop Bad Dog	director	Fred Savage
Ali Babavum Naarpathu Thirudargalum (1941 film)	director	Ko. Si. Mani
My Life with Caroline	director	Lewis Milestone
The Hawk (1935 film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Silver (film)	director	Takashi Miike
Television Spy	director	Edward Dmytryk
Emergency Squad (film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Golden Gloves (1940 film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Golden Gloves (1940 film)	director	Felix E. Feist
Mystery Sea Raider	director	Edward Dmytryk
Her First Romance	director	Edward Dmytryk
Punarjanmam	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Under Age (1941 film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
Romano-Germanic Central Museum (Mainz)	director	Falko Daim
Devi (1972 film)	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
Sthree (1970 film)	director	K. S. Sethumadhavan
No eres tú, soy yo	director	Alejandro Springall
Two Days in April	director	Don Argott
Teresa de Jesús (film)	director	Josefina Molina
Our Russian Front	director	Joris Ivens
Our Russian Front	director	Lewis Milestone
No Minor Vices	director	Lewis Milestone
Kokilamma	director	K. Balachander
Sri Kalahastiswara Mahatyam	director	H. L. N. Simha
Tomboy (2011 film)	director	Céline Sciamma
Ikigami	director	Tomoyuki Takimoto
Welcome to Australia	director	Alan Lowery
Death of a Nation: The Timor Conspiracy	director	David Munro
Balkan Bazar	director	Edmond Budina
Prem Katha	director	Gautham Menon
Sweetheart of the Campus	director	Edward Dmytryk
Jaanwar (1983 film)	director	Ali Raza
The Blonde from Singapore	director	Edward Dmytryk
Secrets of the Lone Wolf	director	Edward Dmytryk
Confessions of Boston Blackie	director	Edward Dmytryk
Le Miracle des loups (1961 film)	director	André Hunebelle
A Nightmare on Elm Street 2: Freddy's Revenge	director	Jack Sholder
Melba (film)	director	Lewis Milestone
Funnybot	director	Trey Parker
Can You Hear My Heart	director	Kim Sang Ho
Jihne Mera Dil Luteya (2011)	director	Mandeep Kumar
Prema kadha	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Napoléon II l'Aiglon	director	Claude Boissol
Actor's and Sin	director	Lee Garmes
Actor's and Sin	director	Ben Hecht
Bar-Z Bad Men	director	Sam Newfield
Sons of Steel (1934 film)	director	Charles Lamont
Il ratto delle sabine	director	Richard Pottier
The Ten Gladiators	director	Gianfranco Parolini
Apartheid Did Not Die	director	Alan Lowery
Vulcan, Son of Giove	director	Emimmo Salvi
Sokout/the silence	director	Mohsen Makhmalbaf
Inside Burma: Land of Fear	director	David Munro
Double Deal	director	Arthur Dreifuss
Moon Over Harlem	director	Edgar G. Ulmer
A Romance of Seville	director	Norman Walker
Blazing Frontier	director	Sam Newfield
Bill Cracks Down	director	William Nigh
Man from Music Mountain	director	Joseph Kane
A Scream in the Night	director	Fred C. Newmeyer
The Princesses and the Frog	director	Andrew McCarthy
Nellu (1974 film)	director	Ramu Kariat
Ummachu (film)	director	P. Bhaskaran
Rarichan Enna Pauran	director	P. Bhaskaran
Beau Ideal	director	Herbert Brenon
Kamaladalam	director	Sibi Malayil
Nairu Pidicha Pulivalu	director	P. Bhaskaran
Counter-Espionage	director	Edward Dmytryk
Sonoma Valley Museum of Art	director	Kate Eilertsen
Seven Miles from Alcatraz	director	Edward Dmytryk
Dwight K. Schrute, (Acting) Manager	director	Troy Miller
Kabhi To Milenge	director	Anant Mahadevan
Minamata: The Victims and Their World	director	Noriaki Tsuchimoto
A Romance of Old Baghdad	director	Kenelm Foss
Murali Krishna	director	P. Pullaiah
L'honorable Stanislas, agent secret	director	Jean-Charles Dudrumet
Ek Tha Tiger	director	Kabir Khan (director)
Vietnam: The Last Battle	director	David Munro
Dasharatham	director	Sibi Malayil
Blockade (Stargate Universe)	director	Andy Mikita
Magalir Mattum	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
Poraali	director	Samuthirakani
Savages (2012 film)	director	Oliver Stone
The Falcon Strikes Back	director	Edward Dmytryk
Le Miracle des loups (1924 film)	director	Raymond Bernard
Coney Island (documentary)	director	Ric Burns
The Widow (film)	director	Lewis Milestone
The Stand Up	director	David Wexler (writer/director)
Shubha (film)	director	Chashi Nazrul Islam
The Naxalites	director	Khwaja Ahmad Abbas
Quicksand: No Escape	director	Michael Pressman
Red Dragonflies	director	Liao Jiekai
Two Half Times in Hell	director	Zoltán Fábri
Nooravathu Naal	director	Manivannan
Yagam (1980 film)	director	Sivan (director)
Route 30 (film)	director	John Putch
Indian Rupee (film)	director	Ranjith (director)
Abhayam	director	Sivan (director)
Spin (2004 film)	director	James Redford
I'm Losing You (film)	director	Bruce Wagner
My Mother's Curse	director	Anne Fletcher
Snehaseema	director	S. S. Rajan
Randidangazhi (film)	director	P. Subramaniam
Hack Job	director	James Balsamo
Mone Prane Acho Tumi	director	Jakir Hossain Raju
Damarukam	director	Srinivasa Reddy
Tumbok	director	Topel Lee
Respawn (30 Rock)	director	Don Scardino
Wilde Salome	director	Al Pacino
C.I.D. (1955 film)	director	M. Krishnan Nair (director)
Minnunnathellam Ponnalla	director	R. Velappan Nair
Prabhakaran (film)	director	Prabhu Deva
Chittoor Rani Padmini	director	Chitrapu Narayana Rao
Uppu	director	Pavithran
Shanks (film)	director	William Castle
Yo amo a Paquita Gallego	director	Aurelio Valcárcel Carrol
Yo amo a Paquita Gallego	director	Juan Pablo Posada
Behzat Ç. Bir Ankara Polisiyesi	director	Serdar Akar
Behzat Ç. Bir Ankara Polisiyesi	director	Doğan Ümit Karaca
Dead Awake	director	Omar Naim
Young Adult (film)	director	Jason Reitman
The Artist (film)	director	Michel Hazanavicius
A Fistful of Paintballs	director	Russo brothers
Outside Satan	director	Bruno Dumont
Playing the Field (film)	director	Gabriele Muccino
The Snows of Kilimanjaro (2011 film)	director	Robert Guédiguian
Museum of Human Evolution	director	Javier Vicente
Beauty (2011 film)	director	Oliver Hermanus
Bonsai (film)	director	Cristián Jiménez
Safe (2011 film)	director	Boaz Yakin
Loverboy (2011 film)	director	Cătălin Mitulescu
Miss Bala	director	Gerardo Naranjo
Hard Labor (film)	director	Juliana Rojas
Hard Labor (film)	director	Marco Dutra
Resistance (2011 film)	director	Amit Gupta
Broadway Gondolier	director	Lloyd Bacon
Knockout (2011 film)	director	Anne Wheeler
Remember Me? (film)	director	Nick Hurran
Free and Easy	director	George Sidney
Pacific Rendezvous	director	George Sidney
The Swinger	director	George Sidney
A Ticklish Affair	director	George Sidney
Mantecoza	director	Kevin R. Phipps
Mantecoza	director	Joel Kaye
The Caribbean Mystery	director	Robert D. Webb
The Glory Brigade	director	Robert D. Webb
The Way to the Gold	director	Robert D. Webb
Guns in the Heather	director	Robert Butler (director)
Scandalous John	director	Robert Butler (director)
Underground Aces	director	Robert Butler (director)
False Identity	director	James Keach
Food of Love (1997 film)	director	Stephen Poliakoff
Du Barry, Woman of Passion	director	Sam Taylor (director)
The Branded Woman	director	Albert Parker (director)
Vietnam, Vietnam (film)	director	Sherman Beck
The Actress (1928 film)	director	Sidney Franklin (director)
By Right of Purchase	director	Charles Miller (director)
La Tulipe noire	director	Christian-Jaque
Presidential Reunion	director	Ron Howard
Corpus: A Home Movie About Selena	director	Lourdes Portillo
A Test of Violence	director	Stuart Cooper
The San Antonio Kid	director	Howard Bretherton
Born to Battle (1935 film)	director	Harry S. Webb
Shadow Ranch (film)	director	Louis King
Code of the Mounted	director	Sam Newfield
The Isle of Conquest	director	Edward José
See You Next Fall	director	Steven Levitan
Isle of Escape	director	Howard Bretherton
Durgaa	director	Shibu Mitra
A Passion for Churches	director	Edward Mirzoeff
The Mad Whirl	director	William A. Seiter
Pitar Ason	director	F I Manik
Masterji	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
Masterji	director	Bhaskara Raju
Fine Manners	director	Richard Rosson (filmmaker)
Fine Manners	director	Lewis Milestone
Virtuous Wives	director	George Loane Tucker
Stanley Ka Dabba	director	Amole Gupte
Royal Pudding	director	Trey Parker
Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things	director	Brian Kirk
Allahu Akbar (film)	director	Moidu Padiyath
Violet Wister's Damsels in Distress	director	Whit Stillman
Lincoln (2012 film)	director	Steven Spielberg
Her Excellency, the Governor	director	Albert Parker (director)
Osmondagi bolalar	director	Zulfiqor Musoqov
Veetilekkulla Vazhi	director	Biju (director)
The First Grader	director	Justin Chadwick
Y2K – World in Crisis	director	Warren Chaney
Rhinos Season	director	Bahman Ghobadi
Battle of the Brides	director	Victor Vu
Those Merry Souls	director	Lau Kar-wing
Those Merry Souls	director	Yuen Biao
Those Merry Souls	director	Yuen Wah
Heartstrings (TV series)	director	Pyo Min Soo
Ginza Cosmetics	director	Mikio Naruse
The Blackguard	director	Graham Cutts
Basic Rocket Science	director	Russo brothers
Truth and Consequence	director	Jan Troell
Accounting for Lawyers	director	Russo brothers
Anthropology 101	director	Russo brothers
The Psychology of Letting Go	director	Russo brothers
Mixology Certification	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
Intermediate Documentary Filmmaking	director	Russo brothers
Critical Film Studies	director	Richard Ayoade
Intro to Political Science	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
Paradigms of Human Memory	director	Tristram Shapeero
Applied Anthropology and Culinary Arts	director	Jay Chandrasekhar
For a Few Paintballs More	director	Russo brothers
Heroine (film)	director	Madhur Bhandarkar
Cosmopolis (film)	director	David Cronenberg
Lily Festival	director	Sachi Hamano
Reel Love (2011 film)	director	Brian K. Roberts
The Nevadan	director	Gordon Douglas
Krovim Krovim	director	Yitzchak Shauli
Punky (animated series)	director	Simon Crane
Oonche Log	director	Braj
Rajapattai	director	Suseenthiran
Venus Flytrap (film)	director	Gerardo de León
Venus Flytrap (film)	director	Eddie Romero
Set Up (film)	director	Mike Gunther
Changes (House)	director	David Straiton
The Fix (House)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Yearning (1964 film)	director	Mikio Naruse
Mother (1952 film)	director	Mikio Naruse
Vishwanatha Nayakudu	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
Unlawful Killing (film)	director	Keith Allen (actor)
Gauntlet (Stargate Universe)	director	Andy Mikita
Esdi, Escola Superior de Disseny	director	Antoni Garrell i Guiu
The Business Man (film)	director	Puri Jagannadh
Les aventuriers (1967 film)	director	Robert Enrico
Denmark (short film)	director	Daniel Fickle
Evil Weed	director	David Wexler (writer/director)
My First Kiss (film)	director	David Wexler (writer/director)
American Gothic (short film)	director	David Wexler (writer/director)
Politics of Love	director	William Dear
Barravento	director	Glauber Rocha
Blind Wives	director	Charles Brabin
Blind Hearts	director	Rowland V. Lee
New York (Glee)	director	Brad Falchuk
Time Runner	director	Michael Mazo
Peregrina (soap opera)	director	Miguel Córcega
A Wanderer's Notebook	director	Mikio Naruse
Divine: The Series	director	Ivan Hayden
Chanakya Chandragupta	director	N. T. Rama Rao
Mondo (film)	director	Tony Gatlif
Chatriyan (film)	director	K. Subash
Toomelah (film)	director	Ivan Sen
The Bop Decameron	director	Woody Allen
The Last Supper (1976 film)	director	Tomás Gutiérrez Alea
Bailout (film)	director	Michael Winterbottom
Small Town Murder Songs	director	Ed Gass-Donnelly
Elena Undone	director	Nicole Conn
Older Brother, Younger Sister	director	Mikio Naruse
Eagleton (Parks and Recreation)	director	Nicole Holofcener
Do Paise Ki Dhoop, Chaar Aane Ki Baarish	director	Deepti Naval
Identification Marks: None	director	Jerzy Skolimowski
Sweet Rush (film)	director	Andrzej Wajda
Marianne (2011 film)	director	Filip Tegstedt
The Playboy Club	director	Alan Taylor (director)
Sodoma's Ghost	director	Lucio Fulci
Killjoy (franchise)	director	Charles Band
Monte Carlo: C'est La Rose	director	Michael Pfleghar
Badai Pasti Berlalu (film)	director	Teguh Karya
From up on Poppy Hill	director	Gorō Miyazaki
Banarsi Thug	director	Lekhraj Bhakri
Payanangal Mudivathillai	director	R. Sundarrajan
Karma Aur Holi	director	Manish Gupta
Words for Battle	director	Humphrey Jennings
Sharada (1973 film)	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Atashi wa juice	director	Toshiki Satō
Pleins feux sur Stanislas	director	Jean-Charles Dudrumet
Prometheus (film)	director	Ridley Scott
Wives and Lovers (film)	director	John Rich (director)
The New Interns	director	John Rich (director)
Le Saint prend l'affût	director	Christian-Jaque
Arbitrage (film)	director	Nicholas Jarecki
Den starkaste	director	Axel Lindblom
Den starkaste	director	Alf Sjöberg
They Staked Their Lives	director	Alf Sjöberg
Hanazakari no Kimitachi e (2011 TV series)	director	Hidetomo Matsuda
Den blomstertid	director	Alf Sjöberg
Manik Jodi	director	Prabhat Mukherjee
Killer (1991 film)	director	Fazil
Hem från Babylon	director	Alf Sjöberg
The Heavenly Play	director	Alf Sjöberg
Kungajakt	director	Alf Sjöberg
Shadows of Silence	director	Pradeepan Raveendran
Resan bort	director	Alf Sjöberg
Saptasajya	director	Kalyan Gupta
Gambit (2012 film)	director	Michael Hoffman (American director)
Rolls - 28	director	Kalyan Gupta
Iris and the Lieutenant	director	Alf Sjöberg
Amari Gann Jhia	director	Binaya Banarjee
Kedar Gouri	director	Nitai Palit
The Greatest Love	director	Park Hong-kyun
The Greatest Love	director	Lee Dong-yoon
Dinocroc vs. Supergator	director	Jim Wynorski
T.M.I.	director	Trey Parker
Freaky Chakra (film)	director	V. K. Prakash
The Three Must-Get-Theres	director	Max Linder
Escape Me Never (1947 film)	director	Peter Godfrey (director)
In the Land of Blood and Honey	director	Angelina Jolie
Chiru Navvuto	director	Ram Prasad
The Wolf and the Lion	director	Brian Kirk
Bhai Bhai	director	Nitai Palit
Veeraputhran	director	P. T. Kunju Muhammed
Sol Goode	director	Danny Comden
Step Up 4ever	director	Scott Speer
Vice Guide to Travel	director	Shane Smith
Étoile (film)	director	Peter Del Monte
Drool (film)	director	Nancy Kissam
Yuwakusha	director	Shunichi Nagasaki
The Fight (Parks and Recreation)	director	Randall Einhorn
Road Trip (Parks and Recreation)	director	Troy Miller
Happi (film)	director	Bhavna Talwar
Mundhanai Mudichu	director	K. Bhagyaraj
Kante Koothurne Kanu	director	Dasari Narayana Rao
A Film by Aravind	director	Sekhar Suri
Gaku: Minna no Yama (film)	director	Osamu Katayama
ParaNorman	director	Sam Fell
ParaNorman	director	Chris Butler (director)
Cry Macho	director	Brad Furman
Breakaway (2011 film)	director	Robert Lieberman
Red Rose (1980 film)	director	P. Bharathiraja
Young April	director	Donald Crisp
C.C. and Company	director	Seymour Robbie
The New York Idea (1920 film)	director	Herbert Blaché
Suburgatory	director	Michael Fresco
How to Be a Gentleman	director	Pamela Fryman
Heedless Moths	director	Robert Z. Leonard
My Trip Back to the Dark Side (film)	director	Shane Stanley
Darna, Kuno?	director	Luciano B. Carlos
Black Beauty (1946 film)	director	Max Nosseck
The River (U.S. TV series)	director	Jaume Collet-Serra
Sept hommes et une garce	director	Bernard Borderie
Le Paria	director	Claude Carliez
This England (film)	director	David MacDonald (director)
Israel vs Israel	director	Terje Carlsson
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan (film)	director	Wayne Wang
Little Old New York (1923 film)	director	Sidney Olcott
Odessa in Flames	director	Carmine Gallone
Nua Bou	director	Prabhat Mukherjee
The Tunnel (2011 film)	director	Carlo Ledesma
Badla Jatti Da	director	Indian Idol
A pestering journey	director	K.R. Manoj
The Shortcut	director	Nicholaus Goossen
Baller Blockin' (film)	director	Birdman (rapper)
Baller Blockin' (film)	director	Ronald "Slim" Williams
Baller Blockin' (film)	director	Steven Estab
La bohème (2009 film)	director	Werner Herzog
33 Postcards	director	Pauline Chan (actress)
Mama Loves Papa (1945 film)	director	Frank R. Strayer
Mama Loves Papa (1933 film)	director	Norman Z. McLeod
La Provocation	director	André Charpak
Sevens (film)	director	Joshi (director)
The Minister	director	Pierre Schöller
Oslo, August 31st	director	Joachim Trier
Elena (2011 film)	director	Andrey Zvyagintsev
Le Jouet criminel	director	Adolfo Arrieta
Vaincre à Olympie	director	Michel Subiela
Jack (2011 film)	director	Brad Anderson (director)
Trabbi goes to Hollywood	director	Jon Turteltaub
24 Hours (ER)	director	Rod Holcomb
Tokaido Yotsuya kaidan	director	Nobuo Nakagawa
Yuriko, Dasvidaniya	director	Sachi Hamano
O' Faaby	director	K. Sreekuttan
The Chambermaid on the Titanic	director	Bigas Luna
Gangster's Den	director	Sam Newfield
The Lone Rider in Frontier Fury	director	Sam Newfield
Three Brave Men	director	Philip Dunne (writer)
Arizona Gunfighter	director	Sam Newfield
Lover Boy (film)	director	Geoffrey Wright
Four Sons (1940 film)	director	Archie Mayo
The Great American Broadcast	director	Archie Mayo
Charley's Aunt (1941 film)	director	Archie Mayo
Sweet and Low-Down	director	Archie Mayo
The Sacred Flame (film)	director	Archie Mayo
Wives Never Know	director	Elliott Nugent
See How They Fall	director	Jacques Audiard
Allie & Me	director	Michael Rymer
Billy Galvin	director	John Gray (director)
White Irish Drinkers	director	John Gray (director)
Sleeping with Charlie Kaufman	director	J Roland Kelly
The Powers Girl	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Pelleedu Pillalu	director	Bapu (artist)
Karin Månsdotter (film)	director	Alf Sjöberg
Wild Birds	director	Alf Sjöberg
Eight Iron Men	director	Edward Dmytryk
The Blue Angel (1959 film)	director	Edward Dmytryk
He Is My Brother	director	Edward Dmytryk
House of Fears	director	Ryan Little
Rising to the Bait	director	Vadim Glowna
Eolomea	director	Hermann Zschoche
The Prince and the Surfer	director	Arye Gross
The Lady (2011 film)	director	Luc Besson
Li'l Sebastian	director	Dean Holland
Fair Lady (film)	director	Kenneth Webb
The Teaser	director	William A. Seiter
The Wrong Goodbye (Gossip Girl)	director	Patrick Norris
Daivathinte Vikrithikal	director	Lenin Rajendran
Sarovaram (film)	director	Jeassy
Crack Baby Athletic Association	director	Trey Parker
Mannu	director	K. G. George
Special Education (film)	director	Goran Marković
This Week of Grace	director	Maurice Elvey
Drapchi (film)	director	Arvind Iyer
Dangerous Innocence (film)	director	William A. Seiter
Chantons sous l'Occupation	director	André Halimi
Keiko (film)	director	Claude Gagnon
Bokura ga Ita (film)	director	Takahiru Miki
Listen Lester	director	William A. Seiter
Kaadu (film)	director	Gireesh Karnad
Kavak Yelleri	director	Kerem Çakıroğlu
Arakawa Under the Bridge (film)	director	Iizuka Ken
Malamukalile Daivam	director	P. N. Menon
Shinjuku Boys	director	Jano Williams
Shinjuku Boys	director	Kim Longinotto
Zankoku onna jōshi	director	Shōgorō Nishimura
Agnisakshi (1999 film)	director	Shyamaprasad
A Golden Crown	director	Daniel Minahan
Harry Enfield's Brand Spanking New Show	director	Dewi Humphreys
Céline (film)	director	Jean-Claude Brisseau
Sweet Emma, Dear Böbe	director	István Szabó
Raat Hone Ko Hai	director	B. P. Singh
And Then What?	director	Özcan Deniz
Balls to the Wall (film)	director	Penelope Spheeris
The Yankee Consul (film)	director	James W. Horne
Crazy Thunder Road	director	Gakuryū Ishii
Passione (film 2010)	director	John Turturro
Pilot (White Collar)	director	Bronwen Hughes
Teta, Alf Marra	director	Mahmoud Kaabour
Piranha 3DD	director	John Gulager
Aloma of the South Seas (1941 film)	director	Alfred Santell
Deiva Thirumagal	director	A. L. Vijay
Little Miss Hoover	director	John S. Robertson
You Win or You Die	director	Daniel Minahan
Let Me Dream Again	director	George Albert Smith (film pioneer)
Jonny Quest (TV series)	director	William Hanna
Jonny Quest (TV series)	director	Joseph Barbera
Mother Fish	director	Khoa Do
Dharmputra	director	Yash Chopra
Blackfriars Bridge (film)	director	Robert W. Paul
Invisible (film)	director	Michal Aviad
A Sea Cave Near Lisbon	director	Henry Short
A Pound of Flesh	director	Tony Urban
A Railway Collision	director	Walter R. Booth
Subhodayam	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Secret Passage (film)	director	Ademir Kenović
To Aru Hikūshi e no Tsuioku	director	Jun Shishido
Sex & Philosophy	director	Mohsen Makhmalbaf
The Blessed Ones	director	Ingmar Bergman
Truth about Lies (film)	director	Robin Shepperd
Magrib (film)	director	P. T. Kunju Muhammed
Jon Benjamin Has a Van	director	John Lee (producer)
Jon Benjamin Has a Van	director	Leo Allen
Gyakuten Saiban (film)	director	Takashi Miike
Veeranjaneya	director	Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao
Fear no Evil (1945 film)	director	Giuseppe Maria Scotese
Upside Down; or, the Human Flies	director	Walter R. Booth
Undressing Extraordinary	director	Walter R. Booth
The Waif and the Wizard	director	Walter R. Booth
What Price Vengeance?	director	Del Lord
Cosmo Jones, Crime Smasher	director	James Tinling
Stagecoach to Denver	director	R. G. Springsteen
Total Recall (2012 film)	director	Len Wiseman
Forever and a Day (2011 film)	director	Cathy Garcia Molina
Gudrun (1992 film)	director	Hans W. Geißendörfer
Luminous Moss (film)	director	Kei Kumai
Curtain at Eight	director	E. Mason Hopper
Infinitas	director	Marlen Khutsiev
An Over-Incubated Baby	director	Walter R. Booth
Cheese Mites; or, Lilliputians in a London Restaurant	director	Walter R. Booth
The Countryman and the Cinematograph	director	Robert W. Paul
Once Upon a Time in Mumbaai 2	director	Milan Luthria
My Nanny's Secret	director	Douglas Jackson
Paul Merton's Birth of Hollywood	director	Paul Merton
City Sushi	director	Trey Parker
Professional Soldier (film)	director	Tay Garnett
The Tanks Are Coming (1951 film)	director	D. Ross Lederman
The Tanks Are Coming (1951 film)	director	Lewis Seiler
Artistic Creation	director	Walter R. Booth
The Haunted Curiosity Shop	director	Walter R. Booth
The Magic Sword (1901 film)	director	Walter R. Booth
The Beloved (1991 film)	director	Mikheil Kalatozishvili (born 1959)
Winners Take All (film)	director	Fritz Kiersch
Surveillance (2006 film)	director	Fritz Kiersch
The Hunt (2006 film)	director	Fritz Kiersch
To Have & to Hold (film)	director	John Hillcoat
Shredder (film)	director	Greg Huson
Here Come the Waves	director	Mark Sandrich
The Extraordinary Waiter	director	Walter R. Booth
An Extraordinary Cab Accident	director	Walter R. Booth
The '?' Motorist	director	Walter R. Booth
Actingclassof1977.com	director	Sally McKenzie
Tyler Perry's For Better Or Worse	director	Tyler Perry
Good Deeds	director	Tyler Perry
Ovosodo	director	Paolo Virzì
Nothing But Lies	director	Paule Muret
Nippu	director	Gunasekhar
Neeraba Jhada	director	Manmohan Mahapatra
Moving On (House)	director	Greg Yaitanes
Ormakkayi	director	Bharathan
Njattadi	director	Bharath Gopi
Is Spiritualism a Fraud?	director	Walter R. Booth
The Twins' Tea Party	director	Robert W. Paul
Come Along, Do!	director	Robert W. Paul
The Cheese Mites	director	F. Martin Duncan
Hanuman Junction (film)	director	M. Raja
New Tale of Zatoichi	director	Tokuzô Tanaka
Good Shepherd Cathedral School	director	Rev. Fr. Albert N. Delvo
Dil-E-Nadan	director	C. V. Sridhar
Dil-E-Nadan	director	Umesh Sharma
Dil-E-Nadan	director	Bhaskara Raju
Destry Rides Again (1932 film)	director	Benjamin Stoloff
The Cement Garden (film)	director	Andrew Birkin
Life According to Agfa	director	Assi Dayan
Irakal	director	K. G. George
Just a Matter of Duty	director	Thomas Mitscherlich
Nenjathai Killathe (1980 film)	director	J. Mahendran
The Man of the Year (2003 film)	director	Jose Henrique Fonseca
Morgen (2010 film)	director	Marian Crișan
Les Parents terribles (1980 film)	director	Yves-André Hubert
Prototype (1992 film)	director	Phillip J. Roth
Antoki no Inochi	director	Takahisa Zeze
Yamanam	director	Bharath Gopi
Losers' Club	director	Tolga Örnek
Kolpaçino: Bomba	director	Şafak Sezer
Red Lights (film)	director	Rodrigo Cortés
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2	director	David Yates
Roadhouse Nights	director	Hobart Henley
Alexander Armstrong's Big Ask	director	Geraldine Dowd
Diary of a Maniac	director	Marco Ferreri
Whoops (film)	director	Gyula Maár
Return to El Salvador	director	Jamie Moffett
Beats, Rhymes & Life: The Travels of a Tribe Called Quest	director	Michael Rapaport
Kamen Rider OOO Wonderful: The Shogun and the 21 Core Medals	director	Koichi Sakamoto
Hard Luck Duck	director	William Hanna
To Demonstrate How Spiders Fly	director	F. Percy Smith
The Acrobatic Fly	director	F. Percy Smith
The Strength and Agility of Insects	director	F. Percy Smith
The Convincer (film)	director	Jill Sprecher
Fascinating Youth	director	Sam Wood
Wuthering Heights (1998 film)	director	David Skynner
Blinded (1997 film)	director	Daniel Calparsoro
Cher menteur	director	Alexandre Tarta
Mate Bohu Kari Nei Jaa	director	Bikash Das
The Girls on Film	director	Jeff Hammond (actor)
Le Jeune Werther	director	Jacques Doillon
Rabun	director	Yasmin Ahmad
American Strays	director	Michael Covert
Black Friday (2009 film)	director	Jeff Hammond (actor)
Helldriver	director	Yoshihiro Nishimura
Doodlebug (film)	director	Christopher Nolan
Up and at 'Em	director	William A. Seiter
Szerelmesfilm	director	István Szabó
Max Schmeling (film)	director	Uwe Boll (director)
Les Enfants du naufrageur	director	Jérôme Foulon (director)
Strawberries and Cream (The Mentalist)	director	Chris Long (director)
The Master (2012 film)	director	Paul Thomas Anderson
Eternity (2010 film)	director	M.L. Pundhevanop Dhewakul
Swayamsiddha	director	Sudhanshu Sahu
Never on Tuesday	director	Adam Rifkin
The Conjugal Bed (1993 film)	director	Mircea Daneliuc
A Better Life	director	Chris Weitz
Three Blind Mice (film)	director	Matthew Newton
Oh! My Girl!!	director	Hiroshi Yoshino
Oh! My Girl!!	director	Mitsuru Kubota
Love (2012 film)	director	Michael Haneke
Khwab	director	Shakti Samanta
Kasturi (1980 film)	director	Bimal Dutta
Aakhri Insaaf	director	Kālidāsa
Arsenio (TV series)	director	John Fortenberry
Arsenio (TV series)	director	Thomas Schlamme
Whispers and Moans (film)	director	Herman Yau
Mee Sindhutai Sapkal	director	Anant Mahadevan
Duniya (film)	director	Tatineni Prakash Rao
Amok (1934 film)	director	Fyodor Otsep
Through the Fire (1988 film)	director	Gary Marcum
Blood and Lace	director	Philip Gilbert
Unees-Bees	director	Swaroop Kumar
Kismet (1980 film)	director	Bhisham Kohli
Sameera	director	Vinay Shukla
Institute of Business Studies	director	N. Sadiq Ali
Dikkatra Parvathi	director	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
Lalbaug Parel	director	Mahesh Manjrekar
Flames of the Islands	director	Edward Ludwig
Kisses for Breakfast	director	Yves Mirande
Sonny Boy (2011 film)	director	Maria Peters
Again Dracula	director	Vinayan
The Place at the Coast	director	George Ogilvie
Uuno Turhapuro muuttaa maalle	director	Ere Kokkonen
Lucky Luciano (film)	director	Francesco Rosi
Hoodwink (1981 film)	director	Claude Whatham
Young People (film)	director	Allan Dwan
Up in Mabel's Room	director	Allan Dwan
The Kunoichi: Ninja Girl	director	Seiji Chiba
Glue (film)	director	Alexis Dos Santos
Road to Life (1931 film)	director	Nikolai Ekk
Deiva Magan (1969 film)	director	A. C. Tirulokchandar
Mahatma (Telugu film)	director	Pasupuleti Krishna Vamsi
Kokhono Megh Kokhono Brishti	director	Moushumi
Love Dot Com	director	Raqhat Quddusi
The Little Apocalypse (1993 film)	director	Costa-Gavras
Sanju Aau Sanjana	director	Ashok Pati
The Russian Singer	director	Morten Arnfred
Jadehay sard	director	Masoud Jafari Jozani
The Pointy End	director	Daniel Minahan
Gnana Oli	director	P. Madhavan
The Heat's On	director	Gregory Ratoff
Who's Counting? Marilyn Waring on Sex, Lies and Global Economics	director	Terre Nash
The Little Things (film)	director	Neil McGregor (film director)
Lien de parenté	director	Willy Rameau
Maa (1959 film)	director	Nitai Palit
Mixed Doubles (film)	director	Rajat Kapoor
ITM-IFM	director	Dr. K. S. Murthy
The Words (film)	director	Brian Klugman
The Words (film)	director	Lee Sternthal
You're Getting Old	director	Trey Parker
Antonia and Jane	director	Beeban Kidron
Two of a Kind (soundtrack)  Twist of Fate   1	director	Brian Grant (director)
Two of a Kind (soundtrack)  Twist of Fate   1	director	David Mallet (director)
Blind Company	director	Alkinos Tsilimidos
Amaradeepam (1977 film)	director	Kovelamudi Raghavendra Rao
We Are the Night (film)	director	Dennis Gansel
Sandhya Mayangum Neram	director	Bharathan
Samantharam	director	John Sankaramangalam
Manthrika Kuthira	director	Viji Thampi
The Sun of the Sleepless	director	Temur Babluani
No More Mr. Nice Guy (film)	director	Detlev Buck
Those Glory Glory Days	director	Philip Saville
Chak De Phatte	director	Smeep Kang
Main Aur Mera Haathi	director	R. Thiagaraj
Kalankini Kankabati	director	Uttam Kumar
Jeene Ki Arzoo	director	Rajashekhar
Ek Nadir Galpo (Tale of A River)	director	Samir Chanda
Here and Now (1992 TV series)	director	John Bowab
Local Boys	director	Ron Moler
Hum Se Badkar Kaun	director	Deepak Bahry
Connected: An Autoblogography About Love, Death & Technology	director	Tiffany Shlain
Sinner or Saint (TV series)	director	Don Michael Perez
Milice, film noir	director	Alain Ferrari
Black & White & Sex	director	John Winter (producer)
Yarmouth Fishing Boats Leaving Harbour	director	Birt Acres
Crude Set Drama	director	Birt Acres
The Arrest of a Pickpocket	director	Birt Acres
Adima Changala	director	A. B. Raj
Housefull 2	director	Sajid Khan (director)
Shree Shree Mahalaxmi Puja	director	Biswanath Nayak
Yearning (1993 film)	director	Bandō Tamasaburō V
Juan y la Borrega	director	J. Xavier Velasco
Performing Animals; or, Skipping Dogs	director	Birt Acres
Dhuaan	director	Dulal Guha
Sahhas (1981 film)	director	Ravikant Nagaich
Taqdeer Ka Badshah	director	Babbar Subhash
Babe Comes Home	director	Ted Wilde
Aamne Samne (1981 film)	director	Ashim S. Samanta
Aamne Samne (1982 film)	director	Ashim S. Samanta
See What I'm Saying: The Deaf Entertainers Documentary	director	Hilari Scarl
Seeking a Friend for the End of the World	director	Lorene Scafaria
Injustice (TV series)	director	Colm McCarthy
Landing at Low Tide	director	Birt Acres
Blue Like Jazz: The Movie	director	Steve Taylor
My Man Adam	director	Roger L. Simon
On the Far Side of the Tunnel	director	Jaime de Armiñán
Der letzte Zug	director	Joseph Vilsmaier
Der letzte Zug	director	Dana Vávrová
The Magician (1898 film)	director	Georges Méliès
Sun Sajna (1982 film)	director	Chander Bahl
The Famous Box Trick	director	Georges Méliès
Woh Jo Hasina	director	Deepak Bahry
Adventures of William Tell	director	Georges Méliès
Wanted: Dead or Alive (1984 Hindi film)	director	Ambrish Sangal
Enamorada (1946 film)	director	Emilio Fernández
The Empty Star	director	Tito Davison
The Empty Star	director	Emilio Gomez Muriel
Taqdeer (1983 film)	director	Braj
Pasand Apni Apni	director	Basu Chatterjee
V poiskakh kapitana Granta	director	Stanislav Govorukhin
Nadodi Thendral	director	P. Bharathiraja
Kodai Vidumurai	director	Kathir
Film in Which There Appear Edge Lettering, Sprocket Holes, Dirt Particles, Etc.	director	George Landow (filmmaker)
The War Zone 3D (film)	director	Matthew Dickens
Baelor	director	Alan Taylor (director)
Back to Square One (film)	director	Reinhard Münster (director)
Lia Larentia	director	Chito Roño
Das häßliche Mädchen	director	Henry Koster
Paradise Kiss (film)	director	Takehiko Shinjo
A Holiday Engagement	director	Jim Fall
Godfather (2011 film)	director	P. C. Sreeram
In with the Flynns	director	Dominic Brigstocke
Swing Shift Maisie	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Blackbird (film)	director	Stefan Ruzowitzky
The Blue One	director	Lienhard Wawrzyn
Dear Goddamned Friends	director	Mario Monicelli
Akiba (film)	director	Yuichi Onuma
I Was an Adventuress	director	Gregory Ratoff
Sexual Dependency (film)	director	Rodrigo Bellott
Academy (film)	director	Gavin Youngs
World's Craziest Fools	director	Lucy Forbes
Never Wave at a WAC	director	Norman Z. McLeod
Public Pigeon No. 1	director	Norman Z. McLeod
My Heart Is That Eternal Rose	director	Patrick Tam (film director)
Critical Assembly (film)	director	Eric Laneuville
Granny Get Your Gun	director	George Amy
The Gender War	director	Evin Rubar
Six Cylinder Love	director	Elmer Clifton
Lal Chunariya (film)	director	Sundershan Lal
Sara Akash	director	Basu Chatterjee
Rich Girl (film)	director	Joel Bender
Dharti Kahe Pukarke	director	Dulal Guha
The Window Over the Way	director	Jesús Garay (director)
Exile (1994 film)	director	Paul Cox
Law of Courage	director	Alessandro Di Robilant
The Year of the Dog (film)	director	Semyon Aranovich
The George McKenna Story	director	Eric Laneuville
Parinam	director	Biswanath Nayak
Carry on, Sergeant!	director	Bruce Bairnsfather
Knife Fight	director	Bill Guttentag
Yomigaeri	director	Akihiko Shiota
The Palace (film)	director	Anthony Maras
Jayadeb	director	Byomkesh Tripathi
Old School New School (film)	director	Steven Fischer
Cloud Dancer	director	Barry Brown (director)
I Am the Law (1938 film)	director	Alexander Hall
Naneun Gasuda	director	Shin Jung-su
Naneun Gasuda	director	Kim Yu-gon
Naneun Gasuda	director	Lee Beong-huk
Naneun Gasuda	director	Jun Sung-ho
Naneun Gasuda	director	Kim Ming-jong
Blondie Meets the Boss	director	Frank R. Strayer
Wreck-It Ralph	director	Rich Moore
Ghayal Returns	director	Ashwini Chaudhary
Pawn Queens	director	Bryan Stratte
This Delicate Film We've Made	director	Richard Cullen
The Temptation of Saint Anthony (film)	director	Georges Méliès
Hum Se Hai Zamana	director	Deepak Bahry
Sharara (film)	director	S.V. Rajendra Singh
Rakta Bandhan	director	Rajat Rakshit
Jaag Utha Insan (1983 film)	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Hanste Khelte (1984 film)	director	Dayanand
Jaag Utha Insan (1984 film)	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
The Last Mountain	director	Bill Haney
Hawaiian Vacation	director	Gary Rydstrom
Make a Wish (2011 film)	director	Romana Carén
On the Roof	director	Georges Méliès
The Last Cartridges	director	Georges Méliès
Sea Fighting in Greece	director	Georges Méliès
The Virgin Queen (1923 film)	director	J. Stuart Blackton
Akai Ito (film)	director	Shosuke Murakami
Last Days Here	director	Don Argott
Last Days Here	director	Demian Fenton
Dashyu Ratnakar	director	Prabhat Mukherjee
Lakshmi (1962 film)	director	Sharada Prasanna Nayak
Jeevan Sathi	director	Prabhat Mukherjee
Korkoro	director	Tony Gatlif
The Loft (2012 film)	director	Erik Van Looy
Gestoorde hengelaar	director	M.H. Laddé
Where the Wild Roses Grow (film)	director	Romana Carén
Sujatha (1980 film)	director	Vasudevan
Boxer (1984 film)	director	Raj N. Sippy
The Fair Co-Ed	director	Sam Wood
The School for Scandal (1923 film)	director	Bertram Phillips
Ghar Ek Mandir (1984 film)	director	Kovelamudi Bapayya
Rock of Ages (1918 film)	director	Bertram Phillips
Baazi (1984 film)	director	Raj N. Sippy
Good Mourning (Grey's Anatomy)	director	Edward Ornelas
Japanese Horror Anthology: Legends	director	Kiyomi Yada
Small Apartments	director	Jonas Åkerlund
The King & the Commissioner	director	Shaji Kailas
The Disappearance of Finbar	director	List of Coronation Street characters (1985)#Sue Clayton
Jayne Mansfield's Car	director	Billy Bob Thornton
Sparkling Fox	director	Wu Ziniu
Jagir (1984 film)	director	Pramod Chakravorty
Never the Twain Shall Meet (1931 film)	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Karm Yudh (1985 film)	director	Swaroop Kumar
Karishma Kudrat Kaa	director	Sunil Hingorani
Aar Paar (1985 film)	director	Shakti Samanta
The Grey (film)	director	Joe Carnahan
Odd Thomas (film)	director	Stephen Sommers
F. est un salaud	director	Marcel Gisler
The Taming of the Shrew (1929 film)	director	Sam Taylor (director)
Gerry (2011 film)	director	Alain Desrochers
Perras	director	Guillermo Ríos
Young and Beautiful (film)	director	Joseph Santley
Christmas at Castlebury Hall	director	Michael Damian
Curiosity & the Cat	director	Christian Alvart
It Came Upon the Midnight Clear (TV film)	director	Peter H. Hunt
Foetus (film)	director	Márta Mészáros
Afghan Knights	director	Allan Harmon
Music in the Air (film)	director	Joe May
Raman Abdullah	director	Balu Mahendra
Old Lady 31	director	John Ince (actor)
A Fantastic Fear of Everything	director	Crispian Mills
Rishyasringar (1941 film)	director	S. Soundararajan
Higher Ground (film)	director	Vera Farmiga
Pranayam	director	Blessy
Most Wanted (2011 film)	director	Sushant Mani
Lion, London Zoological Gardens	director	Alexandre Promio
Tigers, London Zoological Gardens	director	Alexandre Promio
Pelicans, London Zoological Gardens	director	Alexandre Promio
Virodhi	director	G. Neelakanta Reddy
A Short Vision	director	Peter Foldes
The Dean Martin Celebrity Roast	director	Greg Garrison
School of Our Lady of Atocha	director	Monsignor
Jackpot (1993 film)	director	Jomon (director)
Panic Button (1964 film)	director	George Sherman
Panic Button (1964 film)	director	Giuliano Carnimeo
Ranjana Ami Ar Ashbona	director	Anjan Dutta
Inner City (film)	director	Jean-François Richet
Cousin Liz	director	Paul Bogart
All About Love (2001 film)	director	Jean-François Richet
Nine Lives Are Not Enough	director	A. Edward Sutherland
The Navy Comes Through	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Coming Through	director	A. Edward Sutherland
Dear Brat	director	William A. Seiter
Belle of the Yukon	director	William A. Seiter
The Trip (2010 film)	director	Michael Winterbottom
Welcome to Blood City	director	Peter Sasdy
Willing to Kill: The Texas Cheerleader Story	director	David Greene (director)
The People Next Door (1970 film)	director	David Greene (director)
Two Jacks	director	Bernard Rose (director)
Too Young the Hero	director	Buzz Kulik
The Broken Tower (film)	director	James Franco
Web Therapy	director	Don Roos
Tokyo Koen	director	Shinji Aoyama
Five and Ten (film)	director	Robert Z. Leonard
Kartoos	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Khauff	director	Sanjay Gupta (director)
Champion (2000 film)	director	Padam Kumar
Bhai Bhauja	director	Sarathi(director)
Milan (1995 film)	director	Mahesh Bhatt
Malajahna	director	Nitai Palit
The Iron Claw (1916 serial)	director	George B. Seitz
The Iron Claw (1916 serial)	director	Edward José
Rogues and Romance	director	George B. Seitz
Vadakakku Oru Hridayam	director	I. V. Sasi
Desert Gold (1926 film)	director	George B. Seitz
The Last Frontier (1926 film)	director	George B. Seitz
Pals in Paradise	director	George B. Seitz
Jim, the Conqueror	director	George B. Seitz
The Blood Ship	director	George B. Seitz
Great Mail Robbery	director	George B. Seitz
Comes a Bright Day	director	Simon Aboud
The Isle of Forgotten Women	director	George B. Seitz
Bandhanam	director	M. T. Vasudevan Nair
Journalist (1993 film)	director	Viji Thampi
Red Dirt (film)	director	Tag Purvis
Kamen Rider Fourze	director	Koichi Sakamoto
Fire and Blood (Game of Thrones)	director	Alan Taylor (director)
Happy Birthday, Mr. Monk	director	Tawnia McKiernan
Willy Nilly	director	Mike Smith (director)
Arundhati (1967 film)	director	Prafulla Sengupta
Assa (film)	director	Sergei Solovyov
The Tigress (1927 film)	director	George B. Seitz
The Warning (film)	director	George B. Seitz
After the Storm (1928 film)	director	George B. Seitz
Ransom (1928 film)	director	George B. Seitz
Beware of Blondes	director	George B. Seitz
The Circus Kid	director	George B. Seitz
Leon (TV series)	director	Alexandre So
Paheli (1977 film)	director	Prashanta Nanda
Velutha Kathreena	director	J. Sasikumar
Velluvili	director	K. G. Rajasekharan
Chilika Teerey	director	Biplab Roy Choudhury
Gold Mine in the Sky	director	Joseph Kane
Varusham Padhinaaru	director	Fazil
Avenging Waters	director	Spencer Gordon Bennet
Diary of a Wimpy Kid (film series)	director	Thor Freudenthal
Diary of a Wimpy Kid (film series)	director	David Bowers (director)
José and Pilar	director	Miguel Gonçalves Mendes
Blockade (1928 film)	director	George B. Seitz
Hey Rube!	director	George B. Seitz
Black Magic (1929 film)	director	George B. Seitz
Les Portes de la Nuit	director	Marcel Carné
Murder on the Roof	director	George B. Seitz
Guilty?	director	George B. Seitz
Deep Space (film)	director	Fred Olen Ray
Je vous aime	director	Claude Berri
Geetha (film)	director	Shankar Nag
Face 2 Face (film)	director	Katherine Brooks
Casta diva (film)	director	Carmine Gallone
Carne (film)	director	Gaspar Noé
Aandhi-Toofan	director	Babbar Subhash
Yaadon Ki Kasam	director	Vinod Dewan
To Bina Mo Kahani Adha	director	Sanjay Nayak
Mr. Muggs Rides Again	director	Wallace Fox
How Kitchener Was Betrayed	director	Percy Nash
Midnight Mystery	director	George B. Seitz
The Lion and the Lamb	director	George B. Seitz
Shanghaied Love	director	George B. Seitz
Heart of a Siren	director	Phil Rosen
Betty (film)	director	Claude Chabrol
Live and Learn (Falling Skies)	director	Carl Franklin
You're Fired (1919 film)	director	James Cruze
Don't Think About White Monkeys	director	Yuri Mamin
The Armory (Falling Skies)	director	Greg Beeman
They Gave Him a Gun	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Circus Days	director	Edward F. Cline
The Conquest of Canaan	director	Roy William Neill
Roads of Destiny	director	Frank Lloyd
Manhandled (1924 film)	director	Allan Dwan
The Blue Danube (1928 film)	director	Paul Sloane
Samraat (film)	director	Mohan Segal
Footpads	director	Robert W. Paul
Body Complete	director	Lukas Sturm
Pyari Behna (1985 film)	director	Bapu (artist)
It Was Raining That Night (2005 film)	director	Mahesh Manjrekar
Baadal (1985 film)	director	Anand Sagar
Ezhupunna Tharakan	director	P. G. Viswambharan
The First Circus	director	Tony Sarg
Night Beat (1931 film)	director	George B. Seitz
Conan O'Brien Can't Stop	director	Rodman Flender
Sally of the Subway	director	George B. Seitz
Temptation's Workshop	director	George B. Seitz
Docks of San Francisco	director	George B. Seitz
Quelques jours avec moi	director	Claude Sautet
Anatomy of a Marriage: My Days with Françoise	director	André Cayatte
Anatomy of a Marriage: My Days with Jean-Marc	director	André Cayatte
Friday (series)	director	F. Gary Gray
Friday (series)	director	Steve Carr
Friday (series)	director	Marcus Raboy
Sunny (1984 film)	director	Raj Khosla
Manzil Manzil	director	Nasir Hussain
Zabardast	director	Nasir Hussain
Saveray Wali Gaadi	director	Bharathi Rajaa
Fellini: A Director's Notebook	director	Federico Fellini
Raja Ko Rani Se Pyar Ho Gaya	director	Rajeev Kumar
Maa Kasam (1985 film)	director	Shibu Mitra
Nee Manasu Naaku Telusu	director	Jyothi Krishna
One-Eyed Monster (film)	director	Adam Fields
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Bugs Bunny: Wascally Wabbit	director	Friz Freleng
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Bugs Bunny: Wascally Wabbit	director	Robert McKimson
Looney Tunes Super Stars' Bugs Bunny: Wascally Wabbit	director	Chuck Jones
Orchids and Ermine	director	Alfred Santell
Tianxia Diyi	director	Ching Siu-tung
Sin's Pay Day	director	George B. Seitz
Passport to Paradise	director	George B. Seitz
The Widow in Scarlet	director	George B. Seitz
Treason (1933 film)	director	George B. Seitz
The Thrill Hunter	director	George B. Seitz
Maryada (film)	director	Aravind Sen
Do Kaliyaan	director	R. Krishnan (Vasudevanallur MLA)
Do Kaliyaan	director	S. Panju
Tulsi (2008 film)	director	Ajay Kumar
Chakravakam (film)	director	V. Madhusudhan Rao
Main Balwaan (1985 film)	director	Mukul S. Anand
Hobgoblin (TV series)	director	Darren Aronofsky
Give Me a Sailor	director	Elliott Nugent
Just for You (film)	director	Elliott Nugent
Parking (1985 film)	director	Jacques Demy
The Skipper Surprised His Wife	director	Elliott Nugent
The Crystal Ball (film)	director	Elliott Nugent
My Girl Tisa	director	Elliott Nugent
Up in Arms	director	Elliott Nugent
Welcome Stranger (film)	director	Elliott Nugent
Clando	director	Jean-Marie Teno
Where the Red Fern Grows (1974 film)	director	Norman Tokar
Pretty Baby (1950 film)	director	Bretaigne Windust
The Familiar Stranger	director	Alan Metzger
Sorority Wars	director	James Hayman
Inside (2012 film)	director	Daryn Tufts
The Devil's Rock	director	Paul Campion (film director)
A Question of Trust	director	Maurice Elvey
South Beach Tow	director	Jennifer Lopez
Flying Fish (film)	director	Sanjeewa Pushpakumara
Pups (film)	director	Ash Baron-Cohen
Loyalty of Love	director	Guido Brignone
Akbari Asghari	director	Haissam Hussain
Kunal Kohli's Next'	director	Kunal Kohli
The Women in His Life	director	George B. Seitz
Lazy River (film)	director	George B. Seitz
The Fighting Ranger (1934 film)	director	George B. Seitz
Daddy Does His Thing	director	William Asher
Frontier - Prelude to Darkness	director	Lewis Roscoe
A Romance of Wastdale	director	Maurice Elvey
The Man In The Maze	director	Mitesh Kumar Patel (director)
Main Balwaan (1986 film)	director	Mukul S. Anand
The Gay Lord Quex (film)	director	Maurice Elvey
Jaal (1986 film)	director	Umesh Mehra
Prisoner of War (Falling Skies)	director	Greg Beeman
Pan (1995 film)	director	Henning Carlsen
Africa United (2010 film)	director	Deborah Gardner-Paterson
Cars (franchise)	director	John Lasseter
Cars (franchise)	director	Joe Ranft
Cars (franchise)	director	Brad Lewis
Van de koele meren des doods (film)	director	Nouchka van Brakel
Tous les soleils	director	Philippe Claudel
Blame (film)	director	Michael Henry
Thillaanaa Mohanambal	director	A. P. Nagarajan
Bhadrakali (1976 film)	director	A. C. Tirulokchandar
When the Bough Breaks (1993 film)	director	Michael Cohn
A Sixth Part of the World	director	Dziga Vertov
Dakota Incident	director	Lewis R. Foster
Kunjaliyan	director	Saji Surendran
Ek Tho Chance	director	Saeed Akhtar Mirza
I'll Be Home for Christmas (1988 film)	director	Marvin J. Chomsky
Pain & Gain	director	Michael Bay
The Flying Machine (film)	director	Geoff Lindsey
Muni 2: Kanchana	director	Lawrence Raghavendra
Vanangamudi	director	P. Pullaiah
Sasura Ghara Zindabad	director	Sanjay Nayak
Box Cutter (Breaking Bad)	director	Adam Bernstein
Synthetic Sin	director	William A. Seiter
The Perfect Flapper	director	John Francis Dillon (director)
Samundar	director	Rahul Rawail
Dacait	director	Rahul Rawail
Veerta	director	Shibu Mitra
Yateem	director	J. P. Dutta
Inteqam	director	Rajkumar Kohli
Paap Ki Duniya	director	Shibu Mitra
Nigahen: Nagina Part II	director	Harmesh Malhotra
Joshilaay	director	Sibte Hassan Rizvi
Long Gone (film)	director	Martin Davidson
A.Q. Miller School of Journalism and Mass Communications	director	Angela Powers
Screwed in Tallinn	director	Tomas Alfredson
Giraftaar (film)	director	Rajendra Upreti
Ami Shubhash Bolchi	director	Mahesh Manjrekar
Erotikon	director	Mauritz Stiller
The Bamboo Blonde	director	Anthony Mann
The Gal Who Took the West	director	Frederick de Cordova
Nicholas' Gift	director	Robert Markowitz
Voices (1979 film)	director	Robert Markowitz
La Musique concrète et sa descendance	director	Jérémie Carboni
Naughty but Nice (film)	director	Millard Webb
To the Boy in the Blue Knit Cap	director	Jean de Segonzac
Not a Love Story (2011 film)	director	Ram Gopal Varma
Biktima	director	R.D. Alba
Run, Angel, Run!	director	Jack Starrett
The Strange Vengeance of Rosalie	director	Jack Starrett
The Gravy Train	director	Jack Starrett
I, Superbiker	director	Mark Sloper
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 3D	director	John Luessenhop
The Virgin and the Macho Man	director	José Mojica Marins
Milyonaryong Mini (2006 TV series)	director	R.D. Alba
The Shock Labyrinth	director	Takashi Shimizu
Dharmaa (2010 film)	director	Dipendra K. Khanal
Futbolilits	director	Mike Tuviera
Revolution (1968 film)	director	Jack O'Connell (filmmaker)
Manika	director	R. Asrar
Tanha (TV series)	director	Paresh Kamdar
Bartleby en coulisses	director	Jérémie Carboni
Rowdy Rathore	director	Prabhu Deva
The Falling	director	Deran Sarafian
A Classic Story	director	Pankaj Yadav
The Fifth Dimension of Sex	director	José Mojica Marins
Here Comes the Boom	director	Frank Coraci
Friends with Kids	director	Jennifer Westfeldt
Lay the Favorite	director	Stephen Frears
Bare Behind Bars	director	Oswaldo de Oliveira (director)
Frownland (film)	director	Ronald Bronstein
Bringing Up Bobby (2011 film)	director	Famke Janssen
The Inconvenient Truth Behind Waiting for Superman	director	Julie Cavanagh
The Inconvenient Truth Behind Waiting for Superman	director	Darren Marelli
The Inconvenient Truth Behind Waiting for Superman	director	Norm Scott
The Inconvenient Truth Behind Waiting for Superman	director	Mollie Bruhn
The Inconvenient Truth Behind Waiting for Superman	director	Lisa Donlan
Group Sex (film)	director	Lawrence Trilling
War of the Worlds - The True Story	director	Timothy Hines
Aa Okkati Adakku	director	E. V. V. Satyanarayana
Five Weeks in a Balloon (film)	director	Irwin Allen
A Pay by the Wayside	director	Tomotaka Tasaka
The Set (1970 film)	director	Frank Brittain
Ore Thooval Pakshikal	director	Chintha Ravi
World War Z (film)	director	Marc Forster
Mehmoodabad Ki Malkain	director	Nain Maniar
Beeswax (film)	director	Andrew Bujalski
Fire with Fire (2012 film)	director	David Barrett
Michael, Tuesdays and Thursdays	director	Don McKellar
Michael, Tuesdays and Thursdays	director	Alison MacLean
Michael, Tuesdays and Thursdays	director	Patricia Rozema
Pelé: The Master and his Method	director	Sal Lanza
Do Ankhen Barah Hath	director	Kirti Kumar
Illalu	director	Gudavalli Ramabrahmam
Adventures of Sinbad the Sailor	director	Karel Zeman
The First Time (2012 film)	director	Jon Kasdan
Rough Aunties	director	Kim Longinotto
Sue Lost in Manhattan	director	Amos Kollek
You Got Served: Beat the World	director	Robert Adetuyi
Sadie Love	director	John S. Robertson
Strawberry and Chocolate	director	Tomás Gutiérrez Alea
Strawberry and Chocolate	director	Juan Carlos Tabío
The Misleading Widow	director	John S. Robertson
Los Amantes del Señor de la Noche	director	Isela Vega
Force the Movie	director	Nishikant Kamat
And the Word Was Made Flesh	director	Duson Marek
Sabse Bada Rupaiya (TV series)	director	Sunil Salgia
Muhammad bin Tughluq (film)	director	Cho Ramaswamy
U R My Jaan	director	Aron Govil
The Automatic Motorist	director	Walter R. Booth
Bobby Fischer Against the World	director	Liz Garbus
Bought and Paid For	director	William C. deMille
Judy of Rogue's Harbor	director	William Desmond Taylor
Morte di un matematico napoletano	director	Mario Martone
Furtivos	director	José Luis Borau
Comic Costume Race	director	Robert W. Paul
Tommy Atkins in the Park	director	Robert W. Paul
Tres mujeres	director	Rual Araiza
Tres mujeres	director	Gustavo Hernandez
Sadhurangam (1978 film)	director	V. Z. Durai
Ziddi (1964 film)	director	Pramod Chakravorty
Öyle Bir Geçer Zaman Ki	director	Zeynep Günay Tan
Ebb Tide (1922 film)	director	George Melford
Sher Khan (2012 film)	director	Sohail Khan
Smoked (Law & Order: Special Victims Unit)	director	Helen Shaver
Twinkletoes	director	Charles Brabin
Sapthapadi (film)	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Andy Hardy Gets Spring Fever	director	W. S. Van Dyke
Guelwaar	director	Ousmane Sembène
Somebody Help Me 2	director	Chris Stokes (record producer)
I Dreamed of Africa	director	Hugh Hudson
Terrible Joe Moran	director	Joseph Sargent
Crime and Punishment (1998 film)	director	Joseph Sargent
Mandela and de Klerk	director	Joseph Sargent
Det perfekte mord	director	Eva Isaksen
Waltz of the Toreadors (film)	director	John Guillermin
Det store varpet	director	Nils R. Müller
Det største spillet	director	Knut Bohwim
Det var en gang	director	Ketil Jakobsen
Cry for Me, Billy	director	William A. Graham (director)
Together Brothers	director	William A. Graham (director)
See You in September (film)	director	Tamara Tunie
Cielito Lindo (film)	director	Alejandro Alcondez
Bin Bulaye Baraati	director	Chandrakant Singh
Made in Romania	director	Guy J. Louthan
Takhan Teish	director	Atanu Ghosh
College Girl	director	Tatineni Prakash Rao
Les Démoniaques	director	Jean Rollin
Pal Chhin	director	Neena Gupta
Cold Fish	director	Sion Sono
I Love New Year	director	Radhika Rao
I Love New Year	director	Vinay Sapru
Lawrence Leung's Unbelievable	director	Craig Melville
Bhookailas (1940 film)	director	Sundar Rao Nadkarni
Pilate and Others	director	Andrzej Wajda
Kumki (film)	director	Prabu Solomon
Pony Express (1925 film)	director	James Cruze
Sinful (film)	director	Rafael Baledón
Bye, Bye Bluebeard	director	Arthur Davis (animator)
The Busher	director	Jerome Storm
Make Haste to Live	director	William A. Seiter
The Ring (1952 film)	director	Kurt Neumann (director)
Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger the Movie: The Flying Ghost Ship	director	Katsuya Watanabe
The Macadam Flower Tour - live concert in Athens DVD	director	Didier Massot (director)
Zoom Up: Rape Site	director	Kōyū Ohara
You Never Can Tell (1951 film)	director	Lou Breslow
Yours (film)	director	Ivan Mazza
Nexus (film)	director	Neil Coombs
Hank Williams: The Show He Never Gave	director	David Acomba
Paranormal Activity 2: Tokyo Night	director	Toshikazu Nagae
Annadammula Anubandham	director	S. D. Lal
Ezhai Jaathi	director	Liyakath Ali Khan
The Sergeant (film)	director	John Flynn (director)
Buck (film)	director	Cindy Meehl
Willie's Magic Wand	director	Walter R. Booth
The Hand of the Artist	director	Walter R. Booth
Humain, trop humain	director	Louis Malle
Humain, trop humain	director	René Vautier
A Hoosier Romance	director	Colin Campbell (director)
Horny House of Horror	director	Jun Tsugita
I Not Stupid Too (TV serial)	director	Jack Neo
Robbery (1897 film)	director	Robert W. Paul
A Switchback Railway	director	Robert W. Paul
My Little Pony: Twinkle Wish Adventure	director	John Grusd
Dearie (1927 film)	director	Archie Mayo
Dearie (1927 film)	director	Henry Blanke
Dreams (2004 film)	director	Kasthuri Raja
Be Yourself (film)	director	Thornton Freeland
Scarlet Pages	director	Ray Enright
Rodea the Sky Soldier	director	Yuji Naka
Une ravissante idiote	director	Édouard Molinaro
Kora Kagaz (TV series)	director	Asha Parekh
Yuvathurki	director	Bhadran
Manushyamrugam	director	Baburaj (actor)
Escape Velocity (film)	director	Lloyd A. Simandl
Escape: Human Cargo	director	Simon Wincer
Point Blank (2010 film)	director	Fred Cavayé
This Angry Age	director	René Clément
Shri Datta Darshanam	director	Kamalakara Kameshwara Rao
Le glaive et la balance	director	André Cayatte
The Eden Formula	director	John Carl Buechler
The Essential Daffy Duck	director	Chuck Jones
The Essential Daffy Duck	director	Tex Avery
The Essential Daffy Duck	director	Bob Clampett
The Essential Daffy Duck	director	Friz Freleng
The Essential Daffy Duck	director	Frank Tashlin
The Essential Daffy Duck	director	Greg Ford
The Essential Daffy Duck	director	Terry Lennon
The Essential Daffy Duck	director	Kent Butterworth
The Essential Daffy Duck	director	Rich Moore
The Essential Daffy Duck	director	Spike Brandt and Tony Cervone
The Essential Daffy Duck	director	Spike Brandt and Tony Cervone
Total Dhamaal	director	Indra Kumar
The Egg Crate Wallop	director	Jerome Storm
Dwarkadheesh bhagwaan shree krishn	director	Bhushan Patel
There's Only One Way to Try a Case	director	Todd A. Kessler
F.I.R (1999 film)	director	Shaji Kailas
Aaltra	director	Gustave de Kervern
Aaltra	director	Benoît Delépine
Her Bridal Nightmare	director	Al Christie
A Roman Scandal (film)	director	Al Christie
Aur Devdas	director	Sudhir Mishra
Oz: The Great and Powerful	director	Sam Raimi
13 Flowers of Nanjing (film)	director	Zhang Yimou
Dinty (film)	director	Marshall Neilan
Latibaer en LazyTown	director	Magnús Scheving
Pyar Kiya Hai Pyar Karenge	director	Vijay Reddy
Eeshwar (1989 film)	director	Kasinadhuni Viswanath
Eeshwar (1989 film)	director	Rajesh Malik
Abhimanyu (movie)	director	Tony Juneja
Sa Sandaling Kailangan Mo Ako	director	Olivia M. Lamasan
Rod Santiago's The Sisters	director	Joyce E. Bernal
Army Life; or, How Soldiers Are Made: Mounted Infantry	director	Robert W. Paul
The Valley of the Giants (1927 film)	director	Charles Brabin
The Flame of the Yukon	director	George Melford
The Story Without a Name	director	Irvin Willat
The Gangster Squad	director	Ruben Fleischer
Je suis né d'une cigogne	director	Tony Gatlif
Los tramposos	director	Pedro Lazaga
I Am a Camera (film)	director	Henry Cornelius
Hothat Brishti	director	Basu Chatterjee
Grace (Falling Skies)	director	Fred Toye
Adventure in Dairyland	director	William Beaudine
L'espoir	director	André Malraux
L'espoir	director	Boris Peskine
The Eternal City (film)	director	Jason Goodman
The Eternal City (film)	director	Arianna De Giorgi
Rooster (TV film)	director	Russ Mayberry
Onnu Muthal Poojyam Vare	director	Raghunath Paleri
R.I.P.D.	director	Robert Schwentke
Cat Run	director	John Stockwell
Kanakatara    1	director	H. V. Babu
Boulevard du Rhum	director	Robert Enrico
A Chess Dispute	director	Robert W. Paul
The Royal Oak (film)	director	Maurice Elvey
Silent Kill	director	Fred Toye
The Blizzard (1923 film)	director	Mauritz Stiller
The Field (film)	director	Jim Sheridan
Scenes from a Gay Marriage	director	Matt Riddlehoover
Piranhaconda	director	Jim Wynorski
Daß ein gutes Deutschland blühe	director	Joop Huisken
Hochmut kommt vor dem Knall	director	Kurt Jung-Alsen
Die Liebe und der Co-Pilot	director	Richard Groschopp
Der Arzt von Bothenow	director	Johannes Knittel
Septemberliebe	director	Kurt Maetzig
Beschreibung eines Sommers	director	Ralf Kirsten
Geheimarchiv an der Elbe	director	Kurt Jung-Alsen
Dr. med. Sommer II	director	Lothar Warneke
Powers (FX TV series)	director	Michael Dinner
Stasis (The Outer Limits)	director	Brian Giddens
22nd of May	director	Koen Mortier
Field of Honor (1986 film)	director	Dae-hie Kim
Field of Honor (1986 film)	director	Hans Scheepmaker
Siski	director	Neena Gupta
Kukaracha	director	Armen Adilkhanyan
Hot Pepper (1933 film)	director	John G. Blystone
Dumb-Hounded	director	Tex Avery
Highway to Heaven	director	William F. Claxton
Highway to Heaven	director	Victor French
Highway to Heaven	director	Dan Gordon
Highway to Heaven	director	Kevin Inch
Highway to Heaven	director	Michael Landon
Drifters (1929 film)	director	John Grierson
The Dawn of a Tomorrow	director	George Melford
Revenge (2007 film)	director	Anton Megerdichev
Suzie (2007 film)	director	Warren Matthews
Her Market Value	director	Paul Powell (director)
For Those We Love	director	Arthur Rosson
The Old Lady and the Pigeons	director	Sylvain Chomet
The Young Girl	director	Souleymane Cissé
A mort l'arbitre	director	Jean-Pierre Mocky
500 Miles North	director	Luke Massey
Sanctuary (Falling Skies)	director	Sergio Mimica-Gezzan
Mr. Fix-It (1918 film)	director	Allan Dwan
Caprice (1913 film)	director	J. Searle Dawley
Trick or Treat (Tales from the Darkside)	director	Bob Balaban
A Good Little Devil	director	Edwin Stanton Porter
Such a Little Queen	director	Edwin Stanton Porter
Such a Little Queen	director	Hugh Ford
Nammina Bantu	director	Adurthi Subba Rao
Third Star	director	Hattie Dalton
Jomfru Trofast	director	Rasmus Breistein
FAUX	director	Christopher Michael Beer
La que no podia amar	director	Salvador Garcini
Dark Tide	director	John Stockwell (actor)
Mistress Nell	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
Sweet Kitty Bellairs (1916 film)	director	James Young (director)
Bayly (show)	director	Jaime Bayly
Bound in Morocco	director	Allan Dwan
The Dawn of a Tomorrow (1915 film)	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
Scary or Die	director	Maneater
Scary or Die	director	Dean Cain
Oolkatal	director	K. G. George
Haiti: Harvest of Hope	director	Kevin Pina
Usha Parinayam    1	director	Kadaru Nagabhushanam
Amar Bondhu Rashed	director	Morshedul Islam
Looney Tunes Platinum Collection: Volume 1	director	Chuck Jones
Looney Tunes Platinum Collection: Volume 1	director	Robert McKimson
Looney Tunes Platinum Collection: Volume 1	director	Friz Freleng
Looney Tunes Platinum Collection: Volume 1	director	Bob Clampett
Masters (film)	director	Johny Antony
The Captains (film)	director	William Shatner
International Triennial of Graphic Art	director	Vlado Goreski
You Deserve To Be Single	director	Cai Xin
Husbands (Web series)	director	Jeff Greenstein
A Tale of Two Audreys	director	T. W. Peacocke
Idol Puerto Rico	director	WAPA-TV
Fall (1997 film)	director	Eric Schaeffer
Hitler (1962 film)	director	Stuart Heisler
Esmerelda (1915 film)	director	James Kirkwood, Sr.
Seven Dead Men	director	Brett Koonce
End of Watch	director	David Ayer
Barnyard (franchise)	director	Steve Oedekerk
Black Lightning (film)	director	Alexandr Voitinsky
Land of Dreams (film)	director	Jan Troell
Untitled Sathyan Anthikad film	director	Sathyan Anthikad
Dost (1944 film)	director	Syed Shaukat Hussain Rizvi
El crack (1982)	director	José Luis Garci
Rise of the Gargoyles	director	Bill Corcoran
Days Gone Bye	director	Frank Darabont
The Custom Mary	director	Matt Dunnerstick
Maa avida Collector (film)	director	Kodi Ramakrishna
Sarah T. - Portrait of a Teenage Alcoholic	director	Richard Donner
Eye of the Storm (1991 film)	director	Yuri Zeltser
Fireball (2009 film)	director	Thanakorn Pongsuwan
Scout's Honor (TV film)	director	Henry Levin
Color Me Obsessed	director	Gorman Bechard
The Secret Garden (1987 film)	director	Alan Grint
We of the Never Never (film)	director	Igor Auzins
The Fallen (2004 film)	director	Ari Taub
Believe Again (movie)	director	Noriko M Kambara
Bandipotu Dongalu	director	Kovelamudi Surya Prakash Rao
Midhya (film)	director	I. V. Sasi
Shagird (2011)	director	Tigmanshu Dhulia
Karyam nissaram	director	Balachandra Menon
Trollied	director	Paul Walker
The Shell Seekers (1989 film)	director	Waris Hussein
Keyhole (film)	director	Guy Maddin
The Pink Circle Story	director	Prashant Bhilare
Boy Meets Girl (1984 film)	director	Leos Carax
Fareb (1996 film)	director	Vikram Bhatt
House of the Rising Sun (film)	director	Brian Miller
Akka Chellelu	director	Akkineni Sanjeevi
Family Life (1971 British film)	director	Ken Loach
Mounam Sammadham	director	K. Madhu
