Candide	illustrator	Jean-Michel Moreau
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn	illustrator	E. W. Kemble
Stuart Little	illustrator	Garth Williams
The Hobbit	illustrator	J. R. R. Tolkien
Through the Looking-Glass	illustrator	John Tenniel
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea	illustrator	Alphonse-Marie-Adolphe de Neuville
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea	illustrator	Édouard Riou
Vanity Fair (novel)	illustrator	William Makepeace Thackeray
Around the World in Eighty Days	illustrator	Alphonse-Marie-Adolphe de Neuville
Around the World in Eighty Days	illustrator	Léon Benett
Space Cadet	illustrator	Clifford Geary
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland	illustrator	John Tenniel
The Magician's Nephew	illustrator	Pauline Baynes
The Patchwork Girl of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz	illustrator	William Wallace Denslow
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory	illustrator	Quentin Blake
1066 and All That	illustrator	John Reynolds
1066 and All That	illustrator	Steven Appleby
Red Planet (novel)	illustrator	Clifford Geary
Kim (novel)	illustrator	H. R. Millar
David Copperfield (novel)	illustrator	Hablot Knight Browne
The Little Prince	illustrator	Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Solaris (novel)	illustrator	Jack Gaughan
The Adventures of Pinocchio	illustrator	Enrico Mazzanti
Smith of Wootton Major	illustrator	Pauline Baynes
Uncle Tom's Cabin	illustrator	Hammatt Billings
A Christmas Carol	illustrator	John Leech (caricaturist)
Flatland	illustrator	Edwin Abbott Abbott
Coraline	illustrator	Dave McKean
My World and Welcome to It  My World — And Welcome To It   1	illustrator	James Thurber
Warhammer 40,000	illustrator	John Blanche
Warhammer 40,000	illustrator	Jes Goodwin
Mister Roberts (novel)	illustrator	Samuel Hanks Bryant
Dangerous Visions	illustrator	Leo and Diane Dillon
Little Dorrit	illustrator	Hablot Knight Browne
Oliver Twist	illustrator	George Cruikshank
The Pearl (novel)	illustrator	Cover Design: Micheal Ian Kaye
Gray's Anatomy	illustrator	Henry Vandyke Carter
The Phantom Tollbooth	illustrator	Jules Feiffer
The Hundred and One Dalmatians	illustrator	Janet and Anne Grahame Johnstone
Stardust (novel)	illustrator	Charles Vess
The Sword in the Stone	illustrator	Robert Lawson (author)
Goodnight Moon	illustrator	Clement Hurd
The Adventures of Captain Underpants	illustrator	Dav Pilkey
Magic Tree House series	illustrator	Salvatore Murdocca
Magic Tree House series	illustrator	Ayana Amako
The Jungle Book	illustrator	John Lockwood Kipling
Horrible Histories	illustrator	Martin Brown (artist)
Horrible Histories	illustrator	Philip Reeve
Horrible Histories	illustrator	Mike Phillips
The Velveteen Rabbit	illustrator	William Nicholson (artist)
Just William	illustrator	Thomas Henry
The Second Jungle Book	illustrator	John Lockwood Kipling
The Small House at Allington	illustrator	John Everett Millais
Tree and Leaf	illustrator	Pauline Baynes
Framley Parsonage	illustrator	John Everett Millais
Phineas Finn	illustrator	John Everett Millais
Little Lord Fauntleroy	illustrator	Reginald Bathurst Birch
Phineas Redux	illustrator	Frank Holl
The BFG	illustrator	Quentin Blake
Frindle	illustrator	Brian Selznick
Prince Caspian	illustrator	Pauline Baynes
The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe	illustrator	Pauline Baynes
From the Earth to the Moon	illustrator	Henri de Montaut
The Magic School Bus at the Waterworks	illustrator	Bruce Degen
The Magic School Bus Lost in the Solar System	illustrator	Bruce Degen
The Adventures of Tom Bombadil	illustrator	Pauline Baynes
Charlotte's Web	illustrator	Garth Williams
Exalted	illustrator	Brian Glass
Exalted	illustrator	UDON Comics
Winnie-the-Pooh (book)	illustrator	E. H. Shepard
The Emerald City of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
The Road to Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
The Last Battle	illustrator	Pauline Baynes
The Call of the Wild	illustrator	Nolan Gadient
Sketches by Boz	illustrator	George Cruikshank
The Marvelous Land of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
Ozma of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
Tik-Tok of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
The Scarecrow of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
Rinkitink in Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
The Lost Princess of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
The Magic of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator	illustrator	Michael Foreman (author/illustrator)
Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator	illustrator	Quentin Blake
Glinda of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
The Story of Mankind	illustrator	Hendrik Willem van Loon
Redwall (novel)	illustrator	Gary Chalk (illustrator)
Redwall (novel)  Redwall: The Graphic Novel   1	illustrator	Bret Blevins
Redwall (novel)  Redwall: The Graphic Novel   1	illustrator	Richard Starkings
The Secret of the Old Clock	illustrator	Russell H. Tandy
The Horse and His Boy	illustrator	Pauline Baynes
The Book of Merlyn	illustrator	Trevor Stubley
A Daughter of the Snows	illustrator	Frederick Coffay Yohn
The Pickwick Papers	illustrator	Robert Seymour (illustrator)
The Pickwick Papers	illustrator	Robert William Buss
The Pickwick Papers	illustrator	Hablot Knight Browne
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader	illustrator	Pauline Baynes
Bleak House	illustrator	Hablot Knight Browne
Bridge to Terabithia (novel)	illustrator	Donna Diamond
Dancing Barefoot (book)	illustrator	Ben Claassen III
Matilda (novel)	illustrator	Quentin Blake
Jumanji	illustrator	Chris Van Allsburg
Five Children and It	illustrator	H. R. Millar
2061: Odyssey Three	illustrator	Michael Whelan
A Walk in the Woods	illustrator	David Cook (illustrator)
River Out of Eden	illustrator	Lalla Ward
I Like Pumpkins	illustrator	Jerry Smath
The Tao of Pooh	illustrator	E. H. Shepard
The Troll	illustrator	David Roberts (illustrator)
Lemony Snicket: The Unauthorized Autobiography	illustrator	Brett Helquist
A Wrinkle in Time	illustrator	Ellen Raskin
A Wrinkle in Time	illustrator	Leo and Diane Dillon
Jimmy Corrigan, the Smartest Kid on Earth	illustrator	Chris Ware
Palestine (comics)	illustrator	Joe Sacco
Like a Velvet Glove Cast in Iron	illustrator	Daniel Clowes
Flat Stanley	illustrator	Tomi Ungerer
Decline and Fall	illustrator	Evelyn Waugh
Titan (John Varley)	illustrator	Connor Freff Cochran
Comics and Sequential Art	illustrator	Will Eisner
Elidor	illustrator	Charles Keeping
The Mystery of Edwin Drood	illustrator	Luke Fildes
Fallen Angels (science fiction novel)	illustrator	Stephen Hickman
The Witches (book)	illustrator	Quentin Blake
The Sibley Guide to Birds	illustrator	David Allen Sibley
The Story of Little Black Sambo	illustrator	Helen Bannerman
The Bad Beginning	illustrator	Brett Helquist
The Reptile Room	illustrator	Brett Helquist
The Wide Window	illustrator	Brett Helquist
The Ersatz Elevator	illustrator	Brett Helquist
The Austere Academy	illustrator	Brett Helquist
The Miserable Mill	illustrator	Brett Helquist
The Vile Village	illustrator	Brett Helquist
The Hostile Hospital	illustrator	Brett Helquist
The Grim Grotto	illustrator	Brett Helquist
The Carnivorous Carnival	illustrator	Brett Helquist
The Slippery Slope	illustrator	Brett Helquist
Eldest	illustrator	John Jude Palencar
A Journey to the Center of the Earth	illustrator	Édouard Riou
The Indian in the Cupboard	illustrator	Brock Cole
Totto-Chan: The Little Girl at the Window	illustrator	Chihiro Iwasaki
Stig of the Dump	illustrator	Edward Ardizzone
William in Trouble (story collection)	illustrator	Thomas Henry
Ruins of Adventure	illustrator	Jim Holloway (artist)
The Giving Tree	illustrator	Shel Silverstein
The House at Pooh Corner	illustrator	E. H. Shepard
Martin Chuzzlewit	illustrator	Hablot Knight Browne
A Journey in Other Worlds	illustrator	Daniel Carter Beard
The Art of Computer Game Design	illustrator	Chris Crawford %28game designer%29
Abarat	illustrator	Clive Barker
The Sword of Shannara	illustrator	Brothers Hildebrandt
The Elfstones of Shannara	illustrator	Darrell K. Sweet
The Mysterious Island	illustrator	Jules Férat
The Last Chronicle of Barset	illustrator	George Housman Thomas
Barnaby Rudge	illustrator	George Cattermole
Barnaby Rudge	illustrator	Hablot Knight Browne
The Old Curiosity Shop	illustrator	George Cattermole
The Old Curiosity Shop	illustrator	Hablot Knight Browne
The Old Curiosity Shop	illustrator	Samuel Williams (illustrator)
The Old Curiosity Shop	illustrator	Daniel Maclise
The Worm Ouroboros	illustrator	Keith Henderson (artist)
The Edge Chronicles	illustrator	Chris Riddell
Bohnanza	illustrator	Uwe Rosenberg
Up the Junction	illustrator	Susan Benson
The Tale of Peter Rabbit	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
Island of the Blue Dolphins	illustrator	Ted Lewin
In Search of the Castaways	illustrator	Édouard Riou
Boy (book)	illustrator	Quentin Blake
James and the Giant Peach	illustrator	Nancy Ekholm Burkert
City (novel)	illustrator	Frank Kelly Freas
The Royal Book of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
Death's Domain	illustrator	Paul Kidby
Nicholas Nickleby	illustrator	Hablot Knight Browne
Skipping Christmas	illustrator	Andrew Davidson (illustrator)
A Light in the Attic	illustrator	Shel Silverstein
Junie B. Jones	illustrator	Denise Brunkus
In Death Ground	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
The Polar Express	illustrator	Chris Van Allsburg
The Dune Encyclopedia	illustrator	Matt Howarth
Evelina	illustrator	Thomas Lowndes
Fungus the Bogeyman	illustrator	Raymond Briggs
A Princess of Mars	illustrator	Frank Schoonover
Carpathian Castle	illustrator	Léon Benett
West of Eden	illustrator	Winnipeg municipal election, 1992
Dombey and Son	illustrator	Hablot Knight Browne
The Leopard's Spots	illustrator	C. D. Williams
The Angel's Command	illustrator	David Elliot
Castaways of the Flying Dutchman	illustrator	Ian Schoenherr
Thuvia, Maid of Mars	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
Rupert of Hentzau	illustrator	Charles Dana Gibson
The Twits	illustrator	Quentin Blake
George's Marvellous Medicine	illustrator	Quentin Blake
Esio Trot	illustrator	Quentin Blake
The Vicar of Nibbleswicke	illustrator	Quentin Blake
Mossflower	illustrator	Gary Chalk (illustrator)
Johnny Tremain	illustrator	Lynd Ward
Martin the Warrior	illustrator	Gary Chalk (illustrator)
Cycle of the Werewolf	illustrator	Bernie Wrightson
Climbing Mount Improbable	illustrator	Lalla Ward
The Source (novel)	illustrator	Jean-Paul Tremblay
The Phoenix and the Carpet	illustrator	H. R. Millar
The Circus of Dr. Lao	illustrator	Boris Artzybasheff
Mirette on the High Wire	illustrator	Emily Arnold McCully
Space Crusade	illustrator	Jim Burns
Space Crusade	illustrator	David Sque
The Railway Series	illustrator	Reginald Payne
The Railway Series	illustrator	Clarence Reginald Dalby
The Railway Series	illustrator	John T. Kenney
The Railway Series	illustrator	The Railway Series
The Railway Series	illustrator	Clive Spong
The Skylark of Space	illustrator	Charles Schneeman
Where the Wild Things Are	illustrator	Maurice Sendak
Fantasy Warlord	illustrator	Gary Chalk (illustrator)
Everyone Poops	illustrator	Tarō Gomi
The Chimes	illustrator	Daniel Maclise
The Chimes	illustrator	Richard Doyle (illustrator)
The Chimes	illustrator	John Leech (caricaturist)
The Chimes	illustrator	Clarkson Frederick Stanfield
The Cricket on the Hearth	illustrator	Daniel Maclise
The Cricket on the Hearth	illustrator	John Leech (caricaturist)
The Cricket on the Hearth	illustrator	Richard Doyle (illustrator)
The Cricket on the Hearth	illustrator	Clarkson Frederick Stanfield
The Cricket on the Hearth	illustrator	Edwin Henry Landseer
Michael Strogoff	illustrator	Jules Férat
Celebrated Cases of Judge Dee	illustrator	Robert van Gulik
Triss	illustrator	David Elliot
The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy & Other Stories	illustrator	Tim Burton
Mattimeo	illustrator	Gary Chalk (illustrator)
A Night in the Lonesome October	illustrator	Gahan Wilson
The Thief of Always	illustrator	Clive Barker
Mariel of Redwall	illustrator	Gary Chalk (illustrator)
Boy in Darkness	illustrator	P. J. Lynch
Salamandastron	illustrator	Gary Chalk (illustrator)
Flanimals	illustrator	Rob Steen
Rakkety Tam	illustrator	David Elliot
The Poison Belt	illustrator	Harry Rountree
Tom Sawyer Abroad	illustrator	Daniel Carter Beard
Abarat: Days of Magic, Nights of War	illustrator	Clive Barker
Desert Solitaire	illustrator	Peter Parnall
Why Mosquitoes Buzz in People's Ears	illustrator	Leo and Diane Dillon
Gathering Blue	illustrator	Lois Lowry
Loamhedge	illustrator	David Elliot
Make Way for Ducklings	illustrator	Robert McCloskey
Ninety-Three	illustrator	Émile Bayard
Les Enfants Terribles	illustrator	Jean Cocteau
Inkheart	illustrator	Cornelia Funke
The Discworld Companion	illustrator	Stephen Briggs
Queen Zixi of Ix	illustrator	Frederick Richardson
The Very Hungry Caterpillar	illustrator	Eric Carle
Sylvester and the Magic Pebble	illustrator	William Steig
The Lair of the White Worm	illustrator	Pamela Colman Smith
Again, Dangerous Visions	illustrator	Ed Emshwiller
Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72	illustrator	Ralph Steadman
The Story of Tracy Beaker	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
Chainmail (game)	illustrator	Don Lowry
Zathura	illustrator	Chris Van Allsburg
The Notting Hill Mystery	illustrator	George du Maurier
The Twenty-One Balloons	illustrator	William Pène du Bois
Son of a Witch	illustrator	Douglas Smith
The Edge of the Cloud	illustrator	Victor Ambrus
Flambards in Summer	illustrator	Victor Ambrus
Master Humphrey's Clock	illustrator	George Cattermole
Master Humphrey's Clock	illustrator	Hablot Knight Browne
Master Humphrey's Clock	illustrator	Samuel Williams (illustrator)
Master Humphrey's Clock	illustrator	Daniel Maclise
The Great Redwall Feast	illustrator	Christopher Denise
The Apes of God	illustrator	Wyndham Lewis
A Wish for Wings That Work	illustrator	Berkeley Breathed
The Medium Is the Massage	illustrator	Quentin Fiore
Good-bye, Chunky Rice	illustrator	Craig Thompson
The Iron Man (novel)	illustrator	George Adamson (illustrator)
Mathias Sandorf	illustrator	Léon Benett
Continuum (role-playing game)	illustrator	Michael Kaluta
Mister God, This Is Anna	illustrator	William Papas
The Unadulterated Cat	illustrator	Gray Jolliffe
The Story of Doctor Dolittle	illustrator	Hugh Lofting
The Tao of Programming	illustrator	Gloria Garland
Doctor Dolittle's Return	illustrator	Hugh Lofting
Doctor Dolittle and the Secret Lake	illustrator	Hugh Lofting
High Rhulain	illustrator	David Elliot
The Lonely Doll	illustrator	Dare Wright
The Snow Queen (novel)	illustrator	Michael Whelan
The Trumpet of the Swan	illustrator	Fred Marcellino
The Trumpet of the Swan	illustrator	Edward Frascino
Chris Crawford on Game Design	illustrator	Chris Crawford (game designer)
A Contract with God	illustrator	Will Eisner
Danny, the Champion of the World	illustrator	Quentin Blake
Marianne Dreams	illustrator	Marjorie-Ann Watts
The Eagle of the Ninth	illustrator	C. Walter Hodges
The Lantern Bearers (Sutcliff novel)	illustrator	Charles Keeping
Expedition (book)	illustrator	Wayne Barlowe
Barlowe's Guide to Extraterrestrials	illustrator	Wayne Barlowe
My Many Colored Days	illustrator	Steve Johnson (illustrator)
The Story of the Amulet	illustrator	H. R. Millar
Sylvie and Bruno	illustrator	Harry Furniss
Tom's Midnight Garden	illustrator	Susan Einzig
Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing	illustrator	Roy Doty
The Boy Who Kicked Pigs	illustrator	David Roberts (illustrator)
The Enormous Crocodile	illustrator	Quentin Blake
Stuck Rubber Baby	illustrator	Howard Cruse
Fantastic Mr Fox	illustrator	Jill Bennett
Fantastic Mr Fox	illustrator	Tony Ross
Fantastic Mr Fox	illustrator	Quentin Blake
The Minpins	illustrator	Patrick Benson
Space (novel)	illustrator	Cartography
Kabumpo in Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
Red Nails	illustrator	George Barr (artist)
The People of the Black Circle	illustrator	David Ireland (artist)
The Gruffalo	illustrator	Axel Scheffler
Eloise (books)	illustrator	Hilary Knight
Murderous Maths	illustrator	Philip Reeve
I Want a Dog	illustrator	Dayal Kaur Khalsa
Tribulations of a Chinaman in China	illustrator	Léon Benett
Horrible Science	illustrator	Tony De Saulles
The Tale of Samuel Whiskers or The Roly-Poly Pudding	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
Miss Rumphius	illustrator	Barbara Cooney
Scorpia (novel)	illustrator	Jack Pare
.hack//AI buster	illustrator	Rei Izumi
.hack//Another Birth	illustrator	Kazunori Itō
Goodnight Opus	illustrator	Berkeley Breathed
The Gnome King of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
Can You Forgive Her?	illustrator	Hablot Knight Browne
The Cowardly Lion of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
Grampa in Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
The Lost King of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
The Hungry Tiger of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
The Giant Horse of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
Jack Pumpkinhead of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
Handy Mandy in Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
Ozoplaning with the Wizard of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
Merry Go Round in Oz	illustrator	Dick Martin (artist)
The Hidden Valley of Oz	illustrator	Dirk Gringhuis
The Magical Mimics in Oz	illustrator	Frank Kramer (artist)
The Shaggy Man of Oz	illustrator	Frank Kramer (artist)
The Wonder City of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
The Scalawagons of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
The Halloween Tree	illustrator	Joseph Mugnaini
Julie of the Wolves	illustrator	John Schoenherr
The Runaway in Oz	illustrator	Eric Shanower
The Streets of Ankh-Morpork	illustrator	Stephen Player
Tales from the Perilous Realm	illustrator	Alan Lee (illustrator)
Five Weeks in a Balloon	illustrator	Édouard Riou
Five Weeks in a Balloon	illustrator	Henri de Montaut
The Widow's Broom	illustrator	Chris Van Allsburg
The King of Ireland's Son	illustrator	Willy Pogany
Bentley's Miscellany	illustrator	George Cruikshank
Bentley's Miscellany	illustrator	John Leech (caricaturist)
Mr. Popper's Penguins (book)	illustrator	Robert Lawson (author)
Joyful Noise: Poems for Two Voices	illustrator	Eric Beddows
Hitty, Her First Hundred Years	illustrator	Dorothy P. Lathrop
Waterless Mountain	illustrator	Sidney Armer
Waterless Mountain	illustrator	Laura Adams Armer
The Shrinking of Treehorn	illustrator	Edward Gorey
Treehorn's Treasure	illustrator	Edward Gorey
Mother Goose in Prose	illustrator	Maxfield Parrish
When the Robbers Came to Cardamom Town	illustrator	Thorbjørn Egner
The Wheel on the School	illustrator	Maurice Sendak
Strawberry Girl	illustrator	Lois Lenski
The Poky Little Puppy	illustrator	Gustaf Tenggren
Gub-Gub's Book	illustrator	Hugh Lofting
A Year Down Yonder	illustrator	Ashlea Shaffer
Falling Up (book)	illustrator	Shel Silverstein
Dorothy Vernon of Haddon Hall	illustrator	Howard Chandler Christy
Summer of the Swans	illustrator	Constantinos Coconis
Why Kings and Queens Don't Wear Crowns	illustrator	Svein Nyhus
The Simulacra	illustrator	Ed Emshwiller
Tom Brown at Oxford	illustrator	Sydney Prior Hall
Hop on Pop	illustrator	Dr. Seuss
A Redwall Winter's Tale	illustrator	Christopher Denise
The Penultimate Peril	illustrator	Brett Helquist
The Tale of Despereaux	illustrator	Timothy B. Ering
Looking for Jake	illustrator	Liam Sharp
The Atlas of the Land	illustrator	Karen Wynn Fonstad
Where the Sidewalk Ends (book)	illustrator	Shel Silverstein
Cat and Mouse (novella)	illustrator	Günter Grass
Brisingr	illustrator	John Jude Palencar
Captain Underpants and the Attack of the Talking Toilets	illustrator	Dav Pilkey
Captain Underpants and the Invasion of the Incredibly Naughty Cafeteria Ladies from Outer Space (and the Subsequent Assault of the Equally Evil Lunchroom Zombie Nerds)	illustrator	Dav Pilkey
Captain Underpants and the Perilous Plot of Professor Poopypants	illustrator	Dav Pilkey
Captain Underpants and the Wrath of the Wicked Wedgie Woman	illustrator	Dav Pilkey
Captain Underpants and the Big, Bad Battle of the Bionic Booger Boy	illustrator	Dav Pilkey
Zia (novel)	illustrator	Ted Lewin
I Capture the Castle	illustrator	Ruth Steed
Dr. Seuss's Sleep Book	illustrator	Dr. Seuss
War Game (novel)	illustrator	Michael Foreman (author/illustrator)
The Brightonomicon	illustrator	Robert Rankin
More Flanimals	illustrator	Rob Steen
Fattypuffs and Thinifers	illustrator	Jean Bruller
The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus	illustrator	Mary Cowles Clark
Varjak Paw	illustrator	Dave McKean
The Enchanted Castle	illustrator	H. R. Millar
The Enchanted Castle	illustrator	Cecil Mary Leslie
The Enchanted Castle	illustrator	Paul O. Zelinsky
Gamiani	illustrator	Édouard-Henri Avril
Robur the Conqueror	illustrator	Léon Benett
Deathbird Stories	illustrator	Leo and Diane Dillon
The Silver Branch (Sutcliff novel)	illustrator	Charles Keeping
The Wright 3	illustrator	Brett Helquist
Call It Courage	illustrator	Armstrong Sperry
The Brief and Frightening Reign of Phil	illustrator	Benjamin F. Gibson
The Last Basselope	illustrator	Berkeley Breathed
Unearthed Arcana	illustrator	Jeff Easley
Unearthed Arcana	illustrator	Jim Roslof
Unearthed Arcana	illustrator	Roger Raupp
Unearthed Arcana	illustrator	Timothy Truman (writer)
Dark Watch	illustrator	Larry Rostant
Abel's Island	illustrator	William Steig
The Maze of the Beast	illustrator	Deltora Quest (series)
Peter and the Starcatchers	illustrator	Greg Call
The Green Ray	illustrator	Léon Benett
HaJaBaRaLa	illustrator	Sukumar Ray
A Tale of Two Cities	illustrator	Hablot Knight Browne
Drummer Hoff	illustrator	Ed Emberley
Clovis Dardentor	illustrator	Léon Benett
Dot and Tot of Merryland	illustrator	William Wallace Denslow
John Henry (novel)	illustrator	J. J. Lankes
Garden of Kama	illustrator	Byam Shaw
Off on a Comet	illustrator	Paul Philippoteaux
The World of The Dark Crystal	illustrator	Brian Froud
Puckoon	illustrator	Spike Milligan
Tomorrow, the Stars	illustrator	Richard Powers
Freckle Juice	illustrator	Sonia O. Lisker
Captain Underpants and the Preposterous Plight of the Purple Potty People	illustrator	Dav Pilkey
Etidorhpa	illustrator	J. Augustus Knapp
Empire Star	illustrator	Jack Gaughan
.hack//AI buster 2	illustrator	Rei Izumi
The House of Sixty Fathers	illustrator	Maurice Sendak
The Day My Bum Went Psycho	illustrator	Nicole Arroyo
The Color Kittens	illustrator	Alice and Martin Provensen
Texar's Revenge, or, North Against South	illustrator	Léon Benett
Superman: Doomsday & Beyond	illustrator	Dan Jurgens
Superman: Doomsday & Beyond	illustrator	José Luis García-López
Voyage of Slaves	illustrator	David Elliot
Best Friends	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
The Madness of King George (book)	illustrator	Matt Wuerker
Comet in Moominland	illustrator	Tove Jansson
Finn Family Moomintroll	illustrator	Tove Jansson
The Twins at St. Clare's	illustrator	W. Lindsay Cable
The O'Sullivan Twins	illustrator	W. Lindsay Cable
Summer Term at St. Clare's	illustrator	W. Lindsay Cable
The Lighthouse at the End of the World	illustrator	Georges Roux
The Last of the Sky Pirates	illustrator	Chris Riddell
Midnight Over Sanctaphrax	illustrator	Chris Riddell
The Stone Pilot	illustrator	Chris Riddell
Vox (The Edge Chronicles)	illustrator	Chris Riddell
The Thief Lord	illustrator	Christian Burmingham
Hooray for Diffendoofer Day!	illustrator	Lane Smith (illustrator)
The Witch's Daughter	illustrator	Shirley Hughes
The Simpsons Library of Wisdom	illustrator	Matt Groening
The Tale of The Flopsy Bunnies	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
Lavondyss	illustrator	Alan Lee (illustrator)
The Child of the Cavern	illustrator	Jules Férat
Spy High	illustrator	Lee Gibbons
Revolting Rhymes	illustrator	Quentin Blake
The Beatrice Letters	illustrator	Brett Helquist
The 13 Clocks	illustrator	Marc Simont
Two Years' Vacation	illustrator	Léon Benett
The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Mr. Jeremy Fisher	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Mrs. Tittlemouse	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Ginger and Pickles	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
The Tailor of Gloucester	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Tom Kitten	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
The Tale of Mr. Tod	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
The Curse of Lono	illustrator	Ralph Steadman
Ginger Pye	illustrator	Eleanor Estes
The Adventures of Super Diaper Baby	illustrator	Dav Pilkey
The Tale of the Pie and the Patty-Pan	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
Voice of the Fire	illustrator	José Villarrubia
Horrible Geography	illustrator	Mike Phillips
Many Moons	illustrator	Louis Slobodkin
The Redwall Cookbook	illustrator	Christopher Denise
Eric, or, Little by Little	illustrator	Gordon Browne
The Little Endless Storybook	illustrator	Jill Thompson
Lexiko	illustrator	Alfred Mosher Butts
The Other (Animorphs)	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
The Showgirl Princess	illustrator	Swan Park
The Whipping Boy	illustrator	Peter Sís
Out from Boneville	illustrator	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
The Tale of Little Pig Robinson	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
The Great Cow Race	illustrator	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
Eyes of the Storm	illustrator	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
The Dragonslayer	illustrator	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
Rock Jaw: Master of the Eastern Border	illustrator	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
Old Man's Cave	illustrator	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
Ghost Circles	illustrator	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
Crown of Horns (book)	illustrator	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
Safe Area Goražde	illustrator	Joe Sacco
The Sissy Duckling	illustrator	Henry Cole (illustrator)
Who's in a Family?	illustrator	Laura Nienhaus
Chicka Chicka Boom Boom	illustrator	Lois Ehlert
The Tale of Johnny Town-Mouse	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
The Eleventh Hour (book)	illustrator	Graeme Base
From the Ashes (Dungeons & Dragons)	illustrator	Ken Frank
From the Ashes (Dungeons & Dragons)	illustrator	Valerie Valusek
The Pain and the Great One	illustrator	Irene Trivas
The One in the Middle Is the Green Kangaroo	illustrator	Amy Aitken
The Silver Sword	illustrator	C. Walter Hodges
Vertebrate Palaeontology (Benton)	illustrator	John Sibbick
It's Like This, Cat	illustrator	Emil Weiss
Ashanti to Zulu: African Traditions	illustrator	Leo and Diane Dillon
The Garden of Abdul Gasazi	illustrator	Chris Van Allsburg
Asimov's Guide to Shakespeare	illustrator	Rafael Palacios (artist)
The Foundling and Other Tales from Prydain	illustrator	David Wyatt
The Foundling and Other Tales from Prydain	illustrator	Margot Zemach
The Stranger (Chris Van Allsburg book)	illustrator	Chris Van Allsburg
The Begum's Fortune	illustrator	Léon Benett
Around the Moon	illustrator	Émile Bayard
Around the Moon	illustrator	Alphonse-Marie-Adolphe de Neuville
The Day of the Dog	illustrator	Harrison Fisher
Fairy Tales (Terry Jones book)	illustrator	Michael Foreman (author/illustrator)
Freckles (novel)	illustrator	E. Stetson Crawford
Ealdwood	illustrator	David A. Cherry
The Frog Prince, Continued	illustrator	Steve Johnson (illustrator)
Un Lun Dun	illustrator	China Miéville
The Hammer and the Cross	illustrator	Winnipeg municipal election, 1992
An Urchin in the Storm	illustrator	David Levine
Facing the Flag	illustrator	Léon Benett
Together (book)	illustrator	Jennifer Gwynne Oliver
Murder on the Midnight Plane	illustrator	Graham Round
The Convent of Hell	illustrator	Ignacio Noe
The Curse of the Gloamglozer	illustrator	Chris Riddell
Shadows on the Stars	illustrator	David Elliot
Mitch and Amy	illustrator	Bob Marstall
Kermit the Hermit	illustrator	Bill Peet
Stanley Yelnats' Survival Guide to Camp Green Lake	illustrator	Jeff Newman
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas	illustrator	Ralph Steadman
Faiths and Pantheons	illustrator	Glen Angus
Tutinama	illustrator	Abd al-Samad
A Visit to William Blake's Inn	illustrator	Alice and Martin Provensen
...And Now Miguel	illustrator	Jean Charlot
Amos Fortune, Free Man	illustrator	Nora S. Unwin
Rabbit Hill	illustrator	Robert Lawson (author)
Adam of the Road	illustrator	Robert Lawson (author)
The White Stag	illustrator	Kate Seredy
Young Fu of the Upper Yangtze	illustrator	Kurt Wiese
Young Fu of the Upper Yangtze	illustrator	Ed Young (illustrator)
The Cat Who Went to Heaven	illustrator	Lynd Ward
Gay Neck, the Story of a Pigeon	illustrator	Boris Artzybasheff
The Hello, Goodbye Window	illustrator	Chris Raschka
Kitten's First Full Moon	illustrator	Kevin Henkes
Officer Buckle and Gloria	illustrator	Peggy Rathmann
Batman Animated	illustrator	Bruce Timm
Flanimals of the Deep	illustrator	Rob Steen
Energy and Power	illustrator	Weimer Pursell
Energy and Power	illustrator	Fred Eng
The Wheels of Chance	illustrator	J. Ayton Symington
Engines (children's book)	illustrator	Jack Coggins
Man and Power	illustrator	Roman Vishniac
Man and Power	illustrator	Alton Tobey
The Story of Science in America	illustrator	Leonard Everett Fisher
The Ragged Edge of Science	illustrator	Don Simpson (cartoonist)
Great Cities of the Ancient World	illustrator	Rafael Palacios (artist)
Great Cities of the Ancient World	illustrator	Roy Krenkel
Reborn (novel)	illustrator	Stephen Gervais
Reprisal (novel)	illustrator	John and Laura Lakey
The Keep (comics)	illustrator	Matthew Dow Smith
The Bears' Famous Invasion of Sicily	illustrator	Dino Buzzati
The Cricket in Times Square	illustrator	Garth Williams
Tarzan the Untamed	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
The Coming of Conan the Cimmerian	illustrator	Mark Schultz (comics)
The Miscast Barbarian	illustrator	George Barr (artist)
The Miscast Barbarian	illustrator	Roy Krenkel
The Bloody Crown of Conan	illustrator	Gary Gianni
The Conquering Sword of Conan	illustrator	Gregory Manchess
Wizardology: The Book of the Secrets of Merlin	illustrator	John Howe (illustrator)
Lonesome Traveler	illustrator	Larry Rivers
The Man Who Walked Between the Towers	illustrator	Mordicai Gerstein
The Queen of Zamba	illustrator	Jack Gaughan
The Ruby in the Smoke	illustrator	Fred Booth
The Silly Book	illustrator	Stoo Hample
The Hand of Zei	illustrator	Edd Cartier
Weslandia	illustrator	Kevin Hawkes
Peter and the Shadow Thieves	illustrator	Greg Call
Phantoms and Fancies	illustrator	Tim Kirk
The Second Form at St. Clare's	illustrator	W. Lindsay Cable
The Snowy Day	illustrator	Ezra Jack Keats
Heroes and Hobgoblins	illustrator	Tim Kirk
César Cascabel	illustrator	Georges Roux
The Doll People	illustrator	Brian Selznick
Joseph Had a Little Overcoat	illustrator	Simms Taback
Years in the Making: the Time-Travel Stories of L. Sprague de Camp	illustrator	Bob Eggleton
A Choice of Magic	illustrator	Robin Jacques
Tales from Gavagan's Bar	illustrator	Inga Stephens Pratt Clark
Five on a Treasure Island	illustrator	Enid Blyton's illustrators
The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain	illustrator	John Tenniel
The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain	illustrator	Frank Stone
The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain	illustrator	Clarkson Frederick Stanfield
The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain	illustrator	John Leech
Bears Can't Run Downhill	illustrator	Sarah Nayler
The Soap Lady	illustrator	Renée French
The Skystone	illustrator	Ellisa Mitchell
The Birds of America	illustrator	John James Audubon
Confessions of an Heiress	illustrator	Jeff Vespa
A Book of Ogres and Trolls	illustrator	Robin Jacques
Ox-Cart Man	illustrator	Barbara Cooney
L'Encyclopédie Du Savoir Relatif Et Absolu	illustrator	Guillaume Aretos
So You Want to Be President?	illustrator	David Small
Treasure Hunters (book)	illustrator	Jeff Smith (cartoonist)
A Book of Spooks and Spectres	illustrator	Robin Jacques
Under the Sunset	illustrator	W. Fitzgerald
Under the Sunset	illustrator	W. V. Cockburn
Conan and the Spider God	illustrator	Tim Kirk
The Magic City (novel)	illustrator	H. R. Millar
Agent Arthur's Desert Challenge	illustrator	Paddy Mounter
Sir Nigel	illustrator	Arthur Twidle
Cthulhu Mythos anthology  Cthulhu 2000   1	illustrator	Bob Eggleton
Song and Dance Man	illustrator	Stephen Gammell
A Book of Enchantments and Curses	illustrator	Robin Jacques
A Book of Sorcerers and Spells	illustrator	Robin Jacques
Peter and the Piskies: Cornish Folk and Fairy Tales	illustrator	Raymond Briggs
A Book of Giants	illustrator	Robin Jacques
The 13½ Lives of Captain Bluebear	illustrator	Walter Moers
The Thief Queen's Daughter	illustrator	Jason Chan (illustrator)
Conan the Liberator	illustrator	Tim Kirk
A Book of Devils and Demons	illustrator	Robin Jacques
Rise of the Ogre	illustrator	Jamie Hewlett
Wolf Brother	illustrator	Geoff Taylor
The Little House	illustrator	Virginia Lee Burton
The Gods of Pegāna	illustrator	Sidney Sime
A Book of Wizards	illustrator	Robin Jacques
A Book of Dragons	illustrator	Robin Jacques
The Fox and the Hound (novel)	illustrator	John Schoenherr
A Book of Monsters	illustrator	Robin Jacques
A Book of Mermaids	illustrator	Robin Jacques
The Beginning (Animorphs)	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
A Book of Dwarfs	illustrator	Robin Jacques
Conan the Swordsman	illustrator	Tim Kirk
The Answer (Animorphs)	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
A Book of Witches	illustrator	Robin Jacques
A Book of Cats and Creatures	illustrator	Robin Jacques
A Book of Ghosts and Goblins	illustrator	Robin Jacques
A Book of Princes and Princesses	illustrator	Robin Jacques
A Book of Magic Animals	illustrator	Robin Jacques
The Red King and the Witch: Gypsy Folk and Fairy Tales	illustrator	Victor Ambrus
A Book of Charms and Changelings	illustrator	Robin Jacques
A Book of Kings and Queens	illustrator	Robin Jacques
The Hallo-Wiener	illustrator	Dav Pilkey
A Book of Magic Horses	illustrator	Robin Jacques
A Book of Magical Beasts	illustrator	Raymond Briggs
The Adventures of Captain Hatteras	illustrator	Édouard Riou
The Adventures of Captain Hatteras	illustrator	Henri de Montaut
Gil Braltar	illustrator	Georges Roux
Jonnikin and the Flying Basket: French Folk and Fairy Tales	illustrator	Victor Ambrus
William the Detective	illustrator	Thomas Henry
The Predator (Animorphs)	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
The Treasure of Tranicos (collection)	illustrator	Esteban Maroto
The Flame Knife	illustrator	Esteban Maroto
The Glass Man and the Golden Bird: Hungarian Folk and Fairy Tales	illustrator	Victor Ambrus
Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, Theory and Technique	illustrator	Ricardo Azoury
Gianni and the Ogre	illustrator	William Stobbs
The Return of Tarzan	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning	illustrator	Leonard Rosoman
A Tree Is Nice	illustrator	Marc Simont
The Fifth Form at St. Dominic's	illustrator	Gordon Browne
Time of Wonder	illustrator	Robert McCloskey
Visser (novel)	illustrator	Romas Kukalis
The Penguins of Doom	illustrator	Greg R. Fishbone
Girl Genius: The Works	illustrator	Phil Foglio
Girl Genius: The Works	illustrator	James Ernest
The Egg Tree	illustrator	Katherine Milhous
Dimsie Goes to School	illustrator	Wal Paget
Dimsie Moves Up	illustrator	Wal Paget
Doctor De Soto	illustrator	William Steig
Bridge of Souls	illustrator	Bettina Guthridge
Myrren's Gift	illustrator	Bettina Guthridge
The Sherwood Ring	illustrator	Evaline Ness
The Conan Reader	illustrator	Roy Krenkel
The Landry News	illustrator	Salvatore Murdocca
The Landry News	illustrator	Brian Selznick
Smoky Night	illustrator	David Díaz (illustrator)
The Lottie Project	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
Rite: Short Work	illustrator	Mark Nelson (artist)
Larklight	illustrator	David Wyatt
Owl Moon	illustrator	John Schoenherr
Toons For Our Times	illustrator	Berkeley Breathed
Penguin Dreams and Stranger Things	illustrator	Berkeley Breathed
The Birds of Africa	illustrator	Martin Woodcock
Loose Tails	illustrator	Berkeley Breathed
Sam, Bangs and Moonshine	illustrator	Evaline Ness
May I Bring a Friend?	illustrator	Beni Montresor
Always Room for One More	illustrator	Nonny Hogrogian
The Cat Inside	illustrator	Brion Gysin
A Riddle of Roses	illustrator	Kasia Charko
Peter Pan in Scarlet	illustrator	Scott M. Fischer
The Runaway Bunny	illustrator	Clement Hurd
A Dog's Life: The Autobiography of a Stray	illustrator	Scholastic Corporation
An Introduction to Old Norse	illustrator	E. V. Gordon
Dark Wraith of Shannara	illustrator	Edwin David
The Illustrated Mum	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
The Composer Is Dead	illustrator	Carson Ellis
A Bad Case of Stripes	illustrator	David Shannon
My Year	illustrator	Quentin Blake
Rhyme Stew	illustrator	Quentin Blake
Elfangor's Secret (Megamorphs)	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
Back to Before (Megamorphs)	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
The First Journey (Alternamorphs)	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
The Next Passage (Alternamorphs)	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
Billy and the Boingers Bootleg	illustrator	Berkeley Breathed
Mr. Tall	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
Blueberries for Sal	illustrator	Robert McCloskey
The Hockey Book for Girls	illustrator	Bill Slavin
Damian and the Dragon: Modern Greek Folk-Tales	illustrator	William Papas
Swords and Sorcery	illustrator	Virgil Finlay
The Spell of Seven	illustrator	Virgil Finlay
Danny and the Dinosaur	illustrator	Syd Hoff
Prayer for a Child	illustrator	Elizabeth Orton Jones
Golem (book)	illustrator	David Wisniewski
Arrow to the Sun	illustrator	Gerald McDermott
Bloom County Babylon	illustrator	Berkeley Breathed
The Survivors of the Chancellor	illustrator	Édouard Riou
Tales Too Ticklish to Tell	illustrator	Berkeley Breathed
War of the Twins	illustrator	Valerie Valusek
I Am a Barbarian	illustrator	Jeffrey Catherine Jones
The Night of the Mary Kay Commandos	illustrator	Berkeley Breathed
The Little White Horse	illustrator	C. Walter Hodges
Black Hearts in Battersea	illustrator	Pat Marriott
Black Hearts in Battersea	illustrator	Robin Jacques
Eight Hundred Leagues on the Amazon	illustrator	Léon Benett
The Wizard of the Emerald City	illustrator	Leonid Vladimyrsky
Cool Gardens	illustrator	Sako Shahinian
Ethel and Ernest	illustrator	Raymond Briggs
Anastasia at Your Service	illustrator	Diane De Groat
Anastasia, Ask Your Analyst	illustrator	Diane De Groat
The Report Card	illustrator	Brian Selznick
A Barrel of Laughs, a Vale of Tears	illustrator	Jules Feiffer
The Biggest Bear	illustrator	Lynd Ward
American Fairy Tales	illustrator	Ralph Fletcher Seymour
A Theory of Fun for Game Design	illustrator	Raph Koster
Scottish Folk Tales	illustrator	William Stobbs
Conan and the Sorcerer	illustrator	Esteban Maroto
Conan the Mercenary	illustrator	Esteban Maroto
The Sea Fairies	illustrator	John R. Neill
Sky Island (novel)	illustrator	John R. Neill
Alligator Pie	illustrator	Frank Newfeld
The Enchanted Island of Yew	illustrator	F. Y. Cory
He Knew He Was Right	illustrator	Marcus Stone
Clash of the Sky Galleons	illustrator	Chris Riddell
You Wouldn't Want To Be	illustrator	David Antram
The Emerald Wand of Oz	illustrator	William Stout
Trouble Under Oz	illustrator	William Stout
Hot House Flowers	illustrator	Marina Tsesarkaya
Awful End	illustrator	David Roberts (illustrator)
Fantasy Realms	illustrator	Niko Geyer
Pictures from Italy	illustrator	Samuel Palmer
No Place for Grubbs! (Aussie Bites)	illustrator	Peter Viska
Stella by the Sea (Aussie Chomps)	illustrator	Michelle Katsouranis
The Tasmanian Babes Fiasco	illustrator	Darren Roach
Where's Wally? (book)	illustrator	Martin Handford
Where's Wally in Hollywood?	illustrator	Martin Handford
Where's Wally?: The Great Picture Hunt	illustrator	Martin Handford
Where's Wally?: The Ultimate Fun Book	illustrator	Martin Handford
Where's Wally?: The Magnificent Poster Book!	illustrator	Martin Handford
The Attack (Animorphs)	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
The Exposed (Animorphs)	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
The Experiment (Animorphs)	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
Eulalia!	illustrator	David Elliot
The Wreck of the Zephyr	illustrator	Chris Van Allsburg
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (novel)	illustrator	Ralph Barton
City of a Thousand Suns	illustrator	Jack Gaughan
The Ballad of Beta-2	illustrator	Jack Gaughan
The First Sir Percy	illustrator	Leo Bates
The Big Orange Splot	illustrator	Daniel Pinkwater
Red Indian Folk and Fairy Tales	illustrator	C. Walter Hodges
The Tale of Benjamin Bunny	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
Kiki's Delivery Service (novel)	illustrator	Akiko Hayashi
Drunter und Drüber	illustrator	Franz Vohwinkel
A Drama in Livonia	illustrator	Léon Benett
My Senator and Me: A Dog's-Eye View of Washington, D.C.	illustrator	David Small
All in a Day	illustrator	Mitsumasa Anno
All in a Day	illustrator	Eric Carle
All in a Day	illustrator	Raymond Briggs
All in a Day	illustrator	Nicolai Ye. Popov
All in a Day	illustrator	Akiko Hayashi
All in a Day	illustrator	Gian Calvi
All in a Day	illustrator	Leo and Diane Dillon
All in a Day	illustrator	Zhu Chengliang
All in a Day	illustrator	Ron Brooks
Roads (novel)	illustrator	Virgil Finlay
Test of the Twins	illustrator	Valerie Valusek
Poems for Midnight	illustrator	Howard Wandrei
The Second Generation	illustrator	Ned Dameron
The Long Winter (novel)	illustrator	Garth Williams
Three Tales of Horror	illustrator	Lee Brown Coye
Chaos Marauders	illustrator	John Blanche
The World of Karl Pilkington	illustrator	Karl Pilkington
In Mayan Splendor	illustrator	Stephen Fabian
Born to Exile	illustrator	Stephen Fabian
In the Mist and Other Uncanny Encounters	illustrator	Stephen Fabian
Wings of War	illustrator	Vincenzo Auletta
Wings of War	illustrator	Dario Calì
Necropolis (1980 novel)	illustrator	Stephen Fabian
The Third Grave	illustrator	Stephen Fabian
Why Paint Cats	illustrator	Heather Busch
Old Witch Boneyleg	illustrator	Kilmeny Niland
Collected Poems (Richard L. Tierney)	illustrator	Jason Van Hollander
Blooded on Arachne	illustrator	Glennray Tutor
The Darkling	illustrator	Jason Van Hollander
The House of the Wolf	illustrator	Stephen Fabian
Tales of the Quintana Roo	illustrator	Glennray Tutor
The Higher Power of Lucky	illustrator	Matt Phelan
Flotsam (book)	illustrator	David Wiesner
Dragonfly (Durbin novel)	illustrator	Jason Van Hollander
The Separation (Animorphs)	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
In Re: Sherlock Holmes	illustrator	Ronald Clyne
The Gruffalo's Child	illustrator	Axel Scheffler
Deathrealms	illustrator	Mike Bohatch
Animals of the Bible	illustrator	Dorothy P. Lathrop
Mei Li	illustrator	Thomas Handforth
Abraham Lincoln (Parin d'Aulaire book)	illustrator	Ingri and Edgar Parin d'Aulaire
The Rooster Crows	illustrator	Maud and Miska Petersham
The Big Snow	illustrator	Berta and Elmer Hader
White Snow, Bright Snow	illustrator	Roger Duvoisin
Song of the Swallows	illustrator	Leo Politi
Finders Keepers (book)	illustrator	Nicholas Mordvinoff
Madeline's Rescue	illustrator	Ludwig Bemelmans
Cinderella, or the Little Glass Slipper	illustrator	Marcia Brown
Frog Went A-Courtin' (book)	illustrator	Feodor Stepanovich Rojankovsky
Nine Days to Christmas	illustrator	Marie Hall Ets
Nine Days to Christmas	illustrator	Aurora Labastida
Baboushka and the Three Kings	illustrator	Nicolas Sidjakov
Once a Mouse	illustrator	Marcia Brown
A Story a Story	illustrator	Gail E. Haley
The Funny Little Woman	illustrator	Blair Lent
One Fine Day (book)	illustrator	Nonny Hogrogian
Duffy and the Devil	illustrator	Margot Zemach
The Girl Who Loved Wild Horses	illustrator	Paul Goble
Fables (book)	illustrator	Arnold Lobel
Shadow (Marcia Brown book)	illustrator	Marcia Brown
The Glorious Flight: Across the Channel with Louis Bleriot	illustrator	Alice and Martin Provensen
Saint George and the Dragon (book)	illustrator	Trina Schart Hyman
Hey, Al	illustrator	Richard Egielski
Black and White (book)	illustrator	David Macaulay
Lon Po Po: A Red-Riding Hood Story from China	illustrator	Ed Young (illustrator)
Tuesday (book)	illustrator	David Wiesner
Grandfather's Journey	illustrator	Allen Say
Rapunzel (book)	illustrator	Paul O. Zelinsky
Snowflake Bentley (book)	illustrator	Mary Azarian
The Three Pigs	illustrator	David Wiesner
My Friend Rabbit	illustrator	Eric Rohmann
The Son of Tarzan	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
Tarzan the Terrible	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
Tarzan and the Golden Lion	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
Tarzan, Lord of the Jungle (novel)	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
Tarzan and the Lost Empire	illustrator	Armstrong Sperry
Tarzan at the Earth's Core	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
Tarzan and the City of Gold	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
Tarzan and the Lion Man	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
Tarzan and the Leopard Men	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
Tarzan's Quest	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
Tarzan and the Forbidden City	illustrator	John Coleman Burroughs
Tarzan the Magnificent (novel)	illustrator	John Coleman Burroughs
Tarzan and the Foreign Legion	illustrator	John Coleman Burroughs
Tarzan and the Madman	illustrator	Reed Crandall
Tarzan and the Castaways	illustrator	Frank Frazetta
Bigger Deal: A Year Inside the Poker Boom	illustrator	Gerald Scarfe
Daughters of Digital Alchemy	illustrator	Jason Beam
The Paper Bag Princess	illustrator	Michael Martchenko
Prince Zaleski and Cummings King Monk	illustrator	Frontispiece
In Lovecraft's Shadow	illustrator	Stephen Fabian
Beezus and Ramona	illustrator	Tracy Dockray
The Book about Moomin, Mymble and Little My	illustrator	Tove Jansson
The Tale of Two Bad Mice	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
The Story of Miss Moppet	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
Festivals (1973 book)	illustrator	Raymond Briggs
Peter and the Secret of Rundoon	illustrator	Greg Call
The Tale of Timmy Tiptoes	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
The God Beneath the Sea	illustrator	Charles Keeping
The Story of a Fierce Bad Rabbit	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
Lola Rose	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
Appley Dapply's Nursery Rhymes	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
Cecily Parsley's Nursery Rhymes	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
Clean Break (novel)	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
The Magic School Bus In the Time of the Dinosaurs	illustrator	Bruce Degen
Tarzan and the Tarzan Twins	illustrator	Roy Krenkel
The School Story	illustrator	Brian Selznick
Bambi's Children	illustrator	Erna Pinner
The Mighty Orinoco	illustrator	Georges Roux
A City in Winter	illustrator	Chris Van Allsburg
Rumo and His Miraculous Adventures	illustrator	Walter Moers
Beyond the Deepwoods	illustrator	Chris Riddell
Introducing Kafka	illustrator	Robert Crumb
The Crown Snatchers	illustrator	F. K. Waechter
American Born Chinese	illustrator	Gene Yang
A Floating City	illustrator	Jules Férat
Propeller Island	illustrator	Léon Benett
The Little Island (book)	illustrator	Leonard Weisgard
Here Be Monsters!	illustrator	Alan Snow
Born Free and Equal	illustrator	Ansel Adams
The Fool of the World and the Flying Ship (book)	illustrator	Uri Shulevitz
UnderSurface	illustrator	Peter I. Chang
From the Place in the Valley Deep in the Forest	illustrator	Peter I. Chang
Lego board games	illustrator	Unknown
Lego board games  Lego Racers   1	illustrator	Unknown
Lego board games  Lego Time Cruisers   1	illustrator	Unknown
Lego board games  Orient Expedition   1	illustrator	Unknown
Skurken i muminhuset	illustrator	Per Olov Jansson
Eye Against Eye	illustrator	Sally Mann
Clockwork (novel)	illustrator	Peter Bailey (illustrator)
Jeffrey and Sloth	illustrator	Ben Hodson
The Fur Country	illustrator	Jules Férat
The Fur Country	illustrator	Alfred Quesnay de Beaurépaire
Five Go Adventuring Again	illustrator	Enid Blyton's illustrators
Paths of Glory (board game)	illustrator	Mark Simonitch
Jacky Daydream	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
The First Four Years (novel)	illustrator	Garth Williams
The Tale of Pigling Bland	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
Eve's Diary	illustrator	Lester Ralph
The Barn Owl's Wondrous Capers	illustrator	Sarnath Banerjee
Sacred Stone	illustrator	Larry Rostant
The Dark Secret of Weatherend	illustrator	Edward Gorey
The Lamp from the Warlock's Tomb	illustrator	Edward Gorey
Shattered Visage	illustrator	Dean Motter
John Dough and the Cherub	illustrator	John R. Neill
Niagara Falls, or Does It?	illustrator	Jesse Joshua Watson
Tribes (novel)	illustrator	Saskatchewan
The Bad Book	illustrator	Terry Denton
The Grouchy Ladybug	illustrator	Eric Carle
City of Light, City of Dark	illustrator	Brian Floca
.hack//Cell	illustrator	Akira Mutsuki
Pellucidar (novel)	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
A Mystery for Mr. Bass	illustrator	Leonard Shortall
Time and Mr. Bass	illustrator	Fred H. Meise
Freeglader	illustrator	Chris Riddell
The Vanished Diamond	illustrator	Léon Benett
Allan's Wife & Other Tales	illustrator	Charles Kerr
Allan's Wife & Other Tales	illustrator	Maurice Greiffenhagen
The Graveyard Book	illustrator	Dave McKean
The Eternal Flame	illustrator	David Elliot
The Joke's Over	illustrator	Ralph Steadman
Handbook of British Birds	illustrator	Marinus Adrianus Koekkoek
Handbook of British Birds  The Popular Handbook of Rarer British Birds   1	illustrator	David Morrison Reid Henry
The People of the Mist	illustrator	Arthur Layard
The Heathen's Guide to World Religions	illustrator	William Hopper (author)
Rainbow Magic	illustrator	Georgie Ripper
Five Are Together Again	illustrator	Enid Blyton's illustrators
The Course of Time	illustrator	John Tenniel
The Course of Time	illustrator	Myles Birket Foster
List of Transformers books	illustrator	William Schmidt (illustrator)
List of Transformers books  Battle Drive   1	illustrator	William Schmidt (illustrator)
List of Transformers books  The Invisibility Factor   1	illustrator	William Schmidt (illustrator)
List of Transformers books  Battle for Cybertron   1	illustrator	Earl Norem
List of Transformers books  Jaws of Terror   1	illustrator	Pablo Marcos
List of Transformers books  Jaws of Terror   1	illustrator	Judith Marcos
List of Transformers books  Autobots' Lightning Strike   1	illustrator	Mike Collins (comics)
List of Transformers books  Autobots' Lightning Strike   1	illustrator	Mark Farmer
List of Transformers books  Megatron's Fight For Power   1	illustrator	Mike Collins (comics)
List of Transformers books  Megatron's Fight For Power   1	illustrator	Mark Farmer
List of Transformers books  Autobots Fight Back   1	illustrator	Mike Collins (comics)
List of Transformers books  Autobots Fight Back   1	illustrator	Mark Farmer
List of Transformers books  Laserbeak's Fury   1	illustrator	Mike Collins (comics)
List of Transformers books  Laserbeak's Fury   1	illustrator	Mark Farmer
List of Transformers books  Galvatron's Air Attack   1	illustrator	Richard Dunn (illustrator)
List of Transformers books  Decepticon Hideout   1	illustrator	Graham Potts
List of Transformers books  Decepticons at the Pole   1	illustrator	Barry Rowell
List of Transformers books  Autobots Strike Oil   1	illustrator	Barry Rowell
List of Transformers books  Decepticons Underground   1	illustrator	Glenn Stewart
List of Transformers books  Autobot Hostage   1	illustrator	Glenn Stewart
List of Transformers books  Battle for Earth   1	illustrator	Brad Joyce
List of Transformers books  Battle for Earth   1	illustrator	Roberta Edelman
List of Transformers books  The Invasion of the Decepticon Camp   1	illustrator	Steve Ditko
List of Transformers books  The Invasion of the Decepticon Camp   1	illustrator	Brad Joyce
List of Transformers books  The Lost Treasure of Cybertron   1	illustrator	Frank Springer
List of Transformers books  The Lost Treasure of Cybertron   1	illustrator	Phil Lord and Chris Miller
Bill Badger and the Pirates	illustrator	Denys Watkins-Pitchford
Time and the Gods	illustrator	Sidney Sime
The Survivors of the 'Jonathan'	illustrator	Georges Roux
Eye (Frank Herbert)	illustrator	Jim Burns
Sir Green Hat and the Wizard	illustrator	William Stobbs
The Plucker	illustrator	Gerald Brom
The Giant Jam Sandwich	illustrator	John Vernon Lord
The Sword of Welleran and Other Stories	illustrator	Sidney Sime
Gilda Joyce: The Ladies of the Lake	illustrator	Greg Swearingen
Darker Than You Think	illustrator	Edd Cartier
Death in Silver (Doc Savage)	illustrator	Paul Orban
The John Riddell Murder Case	illustrator	Miguel Covarrubias
Folk and Fairy Tales	illustrator	Robin Jacques
The Dot	illustrator	Peter H. Reynolds
Starcross (novel)	illustrator	David Wyatt
A Dreamer's Tales	illustrator	Sidney Sime
Grimble	illustrator	Frank Francis
The Book of Wonder	illustrator	Sidney Sime
Mr. Tucket	illustrator	Noel Sickles
Swordbird	illustrator	Mark Zug
More William	illustrator	Thomas Henry
Cugel's Saga	illustrator	Stephen Fabian
The King of the Copper Mountains	illustrator	Gillian Hume
The King of the Copper Mountains	illustrator	Babs Van Wely
The King of the Copper Mountains	illustrator	Sally J. Collins
Claudine at St.Clare's	illustrator	W. Lindsay Cable
Kensuke's Kingdom	illustrator	Michael Foreman (author/illustrator)
To Court the King	illustrator	Volkan Baga
House of Meetings	illustrator	Peter Mendelsund
House of Meetings	illustrator	Chip Kidd
The Haunted Castle (book)	illustrator	Kilmeny Niland
The Dare Game	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
The Pirates! in an Adventure with Napoleon	illustrator	Dave Senior
Just Tricking	illustrator	Terry Denton
Irish Gold	illustrator	Ellisa H. Mitchell
La Dentellière	illustrator	George Crowther
Bert Fegg's Nasty Book for Boys and Girls	illustrator	Martin Honeysett
Bert Fegg's Nasty Book for Boys and Girls	illustrator	Lolly Honeysett
Bert Fegg's Nasty Book for Boys and Girls	illustrator	Frank Bellamy
Nadia Wheatley  Going Bush   1	illustrator	Ken Searle
The Ellimist Chronicles	illustrator	Romas Kukalis
Curse of the Mummy's Tomb (board game)	illustrator	Gary Chalk (illustrator)
English Botany	illustrator	James Sowerby
The Watertower	illustrator	Steve Woolman
Emus Can't Walk Backwards	illustrator	Sarah Nayler
Flora Londinensis	illustrator	James Sowerby
The Twelve Kingdoms: Sea of Shadow	illustrator	Akihiro Yamada
Off Armageddon Reef	illustrator	Ellisa Mitchell
List of Mr. Men	illustrator	Adam Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Brave   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Bump   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Busy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Chatterbox   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Cheerful   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Clever   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Clumsy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Cool   1	illustrator	Adam Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Daydream   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Dizzy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Forgetful   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Funny   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Fussy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Good   1	illustrator	Adam Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Greedy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Grumble   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Grumpy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Happy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Impossible   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Jelly   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Lazy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Mean   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Messy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Mischief   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Muddle   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Nobody   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Noisy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Nonsense   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Nosey   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Perfect   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Persnickety   1	illustrator	The Mr. Men Show
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Quiet   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Rude   1	illustrator	Adam Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Rush   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Silly   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Skinny   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Slow   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Small   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Sneeze   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Snow   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Strong   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Tall   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Tickle   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Topsy-Turvy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Uppity   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Worry   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Mr. Men  Mr. Wrong   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
Mauve Gloves & Madmen, Clutter & Vine	illustrator	Tom Wolfe
An Antarctic Mystery	illustrator	Georges Roux
Mind Fields	illustrator	Jacek Yerka
The Prophecy (Animorphs)	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
The Arrival (Animorphs)	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
The Hidden (Animorphs)	illustrator	David Burroughs Mattingly
File Under Popular	illustrator	Graham Keatley
File Under Popular	illustrator	Mary Thomas
Flora Graeca	illustrator	Ferdinand Bauer
Sir Harold and the Gnome King	illustrator	Stephen Fabian
Farmer Boy	illustrator	Garth Williams
Wolves (book)	illustrator	Emily Gravett
Ug (book)	illustrator	Raymond Briggs
Dawn Wind	illustrator	Charles Keeping
Anansi the Spider (book)	illustrator	Gerald McDermott
Bloodstained Oz	illustrator	Glenn Chadbourne
The Book of Animal Ignorance	illustrator	Ted Dewan
And the Devil Will Drag You Under	illustrator	Darrell K. Sweet
The Load of Unicorn	illustrator	Cynthia Harnett
The Encyclopædia of Ball Juggling	illustrator	Charlie Dancey
The Encyclopædia of Ball Juggling  Charlie Dancey's Compendium of Club Juggling   1	illustrator	Charlie Dancey
Yankee in Oz	illustrator	Dick Martin (artist)
Scuppers The Sailor Dog	illustrator	Garth Williams
Under the Sea Wind	illustrator	Robert W. Hines
When I Was Young in the Mountains	illustrator	Diane Goode
The Armourer's House	illustrator	C. Walter Hodges
October Dreams	illustrator	Glenn Chadbourne
October Dreams	illustrator	Stacy Drum
October Dreams	illustrator	Jason Van Hollander
October Dreams	illustrator	Keith Minnion
October Dreams	illustrator	Allen Koszowski
Jennifer, Hecate, Macbeth, William McKinley, and Me, Elizabeth	illustrator	E. L. Konigsburg
The Tenth Circle	illustrator	Dustin Weaver
Babar's Museum of Art	illustrator	Laurent de Brunhoff
Just Annoying!	illustrator	Terry Denton
The Winter Knights	illustrator	Chris Riddell
Nightmare Academy (novel)	illustrator	Brandon Dorman
Tomoe Gozen (novel)	illustrator	Wendy Adrian Shultz
Pipiolo and the Roof Dogs	illustrator	Perky Edgerton
The Monster Bed	illustrator	Susan Varley
The Bully: A Discussion and Activity Story	illustrator	Jon Ljungberg
City of Gold (book)	illustrator	Michael Foreman (author/illustrator)
Doomwyte	illustrator	David Elliot
Just Disgusting!	illustrator	Terry Denton
Just Stupid!	illustrator	Terry Denton
Just Crazy!	illustrator	Terry Denton
Just Shocking!	illustrator	Terry Denton
Lost and Found (book)	illustrator	Oliver Jeffers
Man on the Moon (book)	illustrator	Simon Bartram
Aristotle (book)	illustrator	Bob Graham (author / illustrator)
The Adventures of Three Englishmen and Three Russians in South Africa	illustrator	Jules Férat
The Lost Barkscrolls	illustrator	Chris Riddell
Little Man Little Man: A Story of Childhood	illustrator	Yoran Cazac
The Adventures of Danny Meadow Mouse	illustrator	Harrison Cady
Vampire Hunter D Volume 1	illustrator	Yoshitaka Amano
Vampire Hunter D: Raiser of Gales	illustrator	Yoshitaka Amano
Vampire Hunter D: Mysterious Journey to the North Sea	illustrator	Yoshitaka Amano
Vampire Hunter D: Throng of Heretics	illustrator	Yoshitaka Amano
Sound Bites: Eating on Tour with Franz Ferdinand	illustrator	Andy Knowles
Dr. Adder	illustrator	Matt Howarth
Jungle Girl (novel)	illustrator	Studley O. Burroughs
The Steam House	illustrator	Léon Benett
Thongor of Lemuria	illustrator	Gray Morrow
Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens	illustrator	Arthur Rackham
Under the Green Star	illustrator	Tim Kirk
Invasion of the Sea	illustrator	Léon Benett
The Dark Hills Divide	illustrator	Brad Weinman
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs	illustrator	Ron Barrett
The Moffats	illustrator	Louis Slobodkin
The Good Master	illustrator	Kate Seredy
Praisesong for the Widow	illustrator	Maria Stroster
The Village in the Treetops	illustrator	Georges Roux
The Sentinel (anthology)	illustrator	Lebbeus Woods
Tales from Planet Earth	illustrator	Michael Whelan
Now, Now, Markus	illustrator	Simone Klages
The Blue Boy (novel)	illustrator	Simone Klages
Millions of Cats	illustrator	Wanda Gág
An Inconvenient Book	illustrator	Paul Nunn
Shadow of the Dragon	illustrator	John Hanley
The Latke Who Couldn't Stop Screaming	illustrator	Lisa Brown (artist)
The Testament of Gideon Mack	illustrator	James Robertson (novelist and poet)
William the Dictator	illustrator	Thomas Henry
Rinkin of Dragon's Wood	illustrator	Pat Marriot
Wizards (board game)	illustrator	Coral Mosbø
Sword Quest	illustrator	Jo-anne Rioux
Best Word Book Ever	illustrator	Richard Scarry
The City of Dreaming Books	illustrator	Walter Moers
Distant Stars	illustrator	John Jude Palencar
Periwinkle at the Full Moon Ball	illustrator	Loïc Jouannigot
The Night Side	illustrator	Lee Brown Coye
Sleep No More (anthology)	illustrator	Lee Brown Coye
Who Knocks?	illustrator	Lee Brown Coye
The Book of Philip K. Dick	illustrator	Jack Gaughan
Earthman's Burden	illustrator	Edd Cartier
Hoka!	illustrator	Nick Cuti
Hoka!	illustrator	Lela Dowling
Hoka!	illustrator	Phil Foglio
Kiss (novel)	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
The Brave Bulls	illustrator	Thomas C. Lea, III
Collins Bird Guide	illustrator	Killian Mullarney
Collins Bird Guide	illustrator	Dan Zetterström
The Devil in Iron (collection)	illustrator	Dan Green (artist)
Queen of the Black Coast (collection)	illustrator	Michael Hague
Black Colossus (collection)	illustrator	Ned Dameron
The Complete Chronicles of Conan	illustrator	Les Edwards
Violette's Daring Adventure	illustrator	Loïc Jouannigot
Rhialto the Marvellous	illustrator	Stephen Fabian
Family Moving Day	illustrator	Loïc Jouannigot
Pablo's Tree	illustrator	Cecily Lang
The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian	illustrator	Ellen Forney
Backup: A Story of the Dresden Files	illustrator	Mike Mignola
Travelers of Space	illustrator	Edd Cartier
Tomás and the Library Lady	illustrator	Raúl Colón
The Twelve Kingdoms: Sea of Wind	illustrator	Akihiro Yamada
Kings Will Be Tyrants	illustrator	William Hofmann
The Complete Book of Outer Space	illustrator	Frank R. Paul
Celia en el colegio	illustrator	Molina Gallent
The Chronicles of Master Li and Number Ten Ox	illustrator	Kaja Foglio
Flanimals: The Day of the Bletchling	illustrator	Rob Steen
The Kip Brothers	illustrator	Georges Roux
The Sea Serpent	illustrator	Georges Roux
The Will of an Eccentric	illustrator	Georges Roux
Captain Antifer	illustrator	Georges Roux
Mistress Branican	illustrator	Léon Benett
Claudius Bombarnac	illustrator	Léon Benett
Kéraban the Inflexible	illustrator	Léon Benett
Foundling Mick	illustrator	Léon Benett
The Flight to France	illustrator	Georges Roux
The Archipelago on Fire	illustrator	Léon Benett
Dragons of Summer Flame	illustrator	Larry Elmore
The Naughtiest Girl in the School	illustrator	W. Lindsay Cable
Dare to be Scared	illustrator	David Ouimet
Don't Call Me Ishmael	illustrator	Michael Gerard Bauer
Seven Out of Time	illustrator	Hannes Bok
Scenes of Clerical Life	illustrator	Hugh Thomson
Masters of Time	illustrator	Edd Cartier
The Cometeers	illustrator	Edd Cartier
Traveling Scholarships	illustrator	Léon Benett
The Purchase of the North Pole	illustrator	Georges Roux
Subspace Explorers	illustrator	Roy Krenkel
The Lottery Ticket	illustrator	Georges Roux
Godfrey Morgan	illustrator	Léon Benett
Sweet William (story collection)	illustrator	Thomas Henry
Ottoline and the Yellow Cat	illustrator	Chris Riddell
When a Monster is Born	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
Ivan the Terrible (novel)	illustrator	Philippe Dupasquier
Penguin (book)	illustrator	Polly Dunbar
Little Mouse's Big Book of Fears	illustrator	Emily Gravett
Dexter Bexley and the Big Blue Beastie	illustrator	Joel Stewart
Death Stalks the Night	illustrator	Lee Brown Coye
The Animal Family	illustrator	Maurice Sendak
Time Burial	illustrator	Howard Wandrei
Before…12:01…and After	illustrator	George Barr (artist)
Saith the Lord	illustrator	Howard Wandrei
The Saturdays (novel)	illustrator	Elizabeth Enright
The Door Below	illustrator	Alan M. Clark
A Coven of Vampires	illustrator	Bob Eggleton
Whispers in the Night	illustrator	Stephen Fabian
The Castaways of the Flag	illustrator	Georges Roux
Merlin Effect	illustrator	David Elliot
The Eerie Mr. Murphy	illustrator	Howard Wandrei
Weird Shadows Over Innsmouth	illustrator	Les Edwards
Weird Shadows Over Innsmouth	illustrator	Bob Eggleton
Worse Things Waiting	illustrator	Lee Brown Coye
Far Lands, Other Days	illustrator	George Evans (cartoonist)
Murgunstrumm and Others	illustrator	Lee Brown Coye
Lonely Vigils	illustrator	George Evans (cartoonist)
Celia en el mundo	illustrator	Molina Gallent
A Growling Place	illustrator	Thomas Aquinas Maguire
The Blind Spot	illustrator	Hannes Bok
Where's Wally?: The Fantastic Journey	illustrator	Martin Handford
Where's Wally Now?	illustrator	Martin Handford
The Otterbury Incident	illustrator	Edward Ardizzone
Drome (novel)	illustrator	John Martin Leahy
Stardrift and Other Fantastic Flotsam	illustrator	Hannes Bok
Odd and the Frost Giants	illustrator	Mark Buckingham
The Port of Peril	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
Blasting and Bombardiering	illustrator	Wyndham Lewis
Red Shadows (collection)	illustrator	Jeffrey Catherine Jones
Tanar of Pellucidar	illustrator	Paul F. Berdanier
Virgil Finlay (book)	illustrator	Virgil Finlay
The Sowers of the Thunder (collection)	illustrator	Roy Krenkel
Tigers of the Sea	illustrator	Tim Kirk
Worms of the Earth (collection)	illustrator	David Ireland (artist)
Virgil Finlay: An Astrology Sketchbook	illustrator	Virgil Finlay
Out of the Storm	illustrator	Stephen Fabian
The Bowl of Baal	illustrator	David Ireland (artist)
The Writing on the Hearth	illustrator	Gareth Floyd
What's Your Poo Telling You?	illustrator	Peter Arkle
The Iron Man & Other Tales of the Ring	illustrator	David Ireland (artist)
Upon the Winds of Yesterday and Other Explorations	illustrator	George Barr (artist)
Swine Not?	illustrator	Helen Bransford
The Thama Stories	illustrator	R. K. Laxman
The Dream of X	illustrator	Stephen Fabian
Alicia Austin's Age of Dreams	illustrator	Alicia Austin
The Road of Azrael	illustrator	Roy Krenkel
Mouse Noses on Toast	illustrator	David Roberts (illustrator)
That Rabbit Belongs to Emily Brown	illustrator	Neal Layton
Hugo Pepper	illustrator	Chris Riddell
Corby Flood	illustrator	Chris Riddell
Fergus Crane	illustrator	Chris Riddell
The Emperor of Absurdia	illustrator	Chris Riddell
The Adventures of the Dish and the Spoon	illustrator	Mini Grey
Wibbly Pig's Silly Big Bear	illustrator	Mick Inkpen
I, Coriander	illustrator	Lydia Corry
The Dancing Tiger	illustrator	Steve Johnson (illustrator)
Biscuit Bear	illustrator	Mini Grey
My Big Brother, Boris	illustrator	Liz Pichon
Bartholomew and the Bug	illustrator	Neal Layton
The Witch's Children and the Queen	illustrator	Russell Ayto
Tadpole's Promise	illustrator	Tony Ross
The Various	illustrator	Steve Augarde
The Countess's Calamity	illustrator	Sally Gardner
Two Frogs	illustrator	Christopher Wormell
Mayhem on Bear Creek	illustrator	Tim Kirk
Writings and Drawings	illustrator	Bob Dylan
That Pesky Rat	illustrator	Lauren Child
Jazzy in the Jungle	illustrator	Lucy Cousins
Pirate Diary	illustrator	Chris Riddell
Pizza Kittens	illustrator	Charlotte Voake
The Last Wolf	illustrator	Michael Foreman
Into the Sun & Other Stories	illustrator	Ned Dameron
Oscar and Arabella	illustrator	Neal Layton
Durandal (novel)	illustrator	George Barr (artist)
Durandal (novel)	illustrator	Alicia Austin
Scarlet Dream	illustrator	Alicia Austin
One Man and His Bog	illustrator	Gray Jolliffe
Celia, lo que dice	illustrator	Molina Gallent
Celia, lo que dice	illustrator	Bonifacio Alfonso Gómez
My Sister Jodie	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
The Secret Order of the Gumm Street Girls	illustrator	Elise Primavera
William's Television Show	illustrator	Thomas Henry
Dear Mr. Henshaw	illustrator	Paul O. Zelinsky
William the Pirate	illustrator	Thomas Henry
Lee and Grant at Appomattox	illustrator	Donald McKay (illustrator)
The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Perilous Journey	illustrator	Diana Sudyka
Stormchaser (novel)	illustrator	Luis Quintanilla
The General's Wife	illustrator	Thomas Canty
The Sea of the Ravens	illustrator	George Barr (artist)
The Sea of the Ravens	illustrator	Alicia Austin
The American Claimant	illustrator	Daniel Carter Beard
Daughter of Regals	illustrator	David A. Cherry
The Adventures of Samurai Cat	illustrator	Mark E. Rogers
The Book of Kane	illustrator	Jeffrey Catherine Jones
A Monster at Christmas	illustrator	Phil Hale
Winter Reckoning	illustrator	Jon J Muth
The Curious Quests of Brigadier Ffellowes	illustrator	Ned Dameron
The Long Night of the Grave	illustrator	Jill Bauman
Madame Two Swords	illustrator	Thomas Canty
Shadows of Dreams (collection)	illustrator	Phil Hale
Tipi: Home of the Nomadic Buffalo Hunters	illustrator	Paul Goble
Back to the Stone Age	illustrator	John Coleman Burroughs
The Twelve and the Genii	illustrator	Cecil Mary Leslie
Cats of the Clans	illustrator	Wayne McLoughlin
Five Get into a Fix	illustrator	Enid Blyton's illustrators
In Odd We Trust	illustrator	Queenie Chan
Winnie the Witch	illustrator	Korky Paul
Something Else (book)	illustrator	Chris Riddell
Freedom Summer (book)	illustrator	Jerome Lagarrigue
List of Little Miss characters	illustrator	Adam Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Bossy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Brainy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Busy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Chatterbox   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Contrary   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Curious   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Dotty   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Fickle   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Fun   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Giggles   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Greedy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Helpful   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Late   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Lucky   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Magic   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Naughty   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Neat   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Quick   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Scary   1	illustrator	Adam Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Scatterbrain   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Shy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Somersault   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Splendid   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Star   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Stubborn   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Sunshine   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Tidy   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Tiny   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Trouble   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Twins   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Whoops   1	illustrator	Adam Hargreaves
List of Little Miss characters  Little Miss Wise   1	illustrator	Roger Hargreaves
Tree: A Life Story	illustrator	Robert Bateman (painter)
The Wonderful Country	illustrator	Thomas C. Lea, III
The Other Side (children's book)	illustrator	E. B. Lewis (illustrator)
Bones of the Hills	illustrator	Conn Iggulden
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules	illustrator	Jeff Kinney (writer)
Ol' Man Adam an' His Chillun	illustrator	A. B. Walker
The Atlas of Pern	illustrator	Karen Wynn Fonstad
The Atlas of the Dragonlance World	illustrator	Karen Wynn Fonstad
Master of Adventure: The Worlds of Edgar Rice Burroughs	illustrator	Al Williamson
Master of Adventure: The Worlds of Edgar Rice Burroughs	illustrator	Reed Crandall
Master of Adventure: The Worlds of Edgar Rice Burroughs	illustrator	Frank Frazetta
Clive Barker: Visions of Heaven and Hell	illustrator	Clive Barker
The Land I Lost	illustrator	Vo-Dinh Mai
Two Bad Ants	illustrator	Chris Van Allsburg
Girls under Pressure	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
The Naughtiest Girl Again	illustrator	W. Lindsay Cable
The Wizard in the Woods	illustrator	David Anstey
A Tangled Tale	illustrator	A. B. Frost
A Is for Alien	illustrator	Vince Locke
The Wall: Growing Up Behind the Iron Curtain	illustrator	Peter Sís
Dead Children Playing	illustrator	Stanley Donwood
Dead Children Playing	illustrator	Thom Yorke
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Last Straw	illustrator	Jeff Kinney (writer)
The Wizard in Wonderland	illustrator	David Anstey
Badjelly the Witch	illustrator	Spike Milligan
Missile Gap	illustrator	J. K. Potter
Heroes of the Fiery Cross	illustrator	Branford Clarke
The Four-Story Mistake	illustrator	Elizabeth Enright
Then There Were Five	illustrator	Elizabeth Enright
Spiderweb for Two: A Melendy Maze	illustrator	Elizabeth Enright
Scouting for Boys	illustrator	Robert Baden-Powell, 1st Baron Baden-Powell
Automated Alice	illustrator	Harry Trumbore
Peter and Wendy	illustrator	Francis Donkin Bedford
Star Trek: The Next Generation U.S.S. Enterprise NCC-1701-D Blueprints	illustrator	Rick Sternbach
William the Conqueror (short story collection)	illustrator	Thomas Henry
William the Good (short story collection)	illustrator	Thomas Henry
William and Air Raid Precautions	illustrator	Thomas Henry
Up from the Bottomless Pit and Other Stories	illustrator	Jason Robert Bell
Vampire Hunter D: Immortal Island	illustrator	Yoshitaka Amano
Ladybug Girl	illustrator	David Soman
Monkey Puzzle (book)	illustrator	Axel Scheffler
Winnie-the-Pooh	illustrator	E. H. Shepard
6 Nimmt!	illustrator	Franz Vohwinkel
The Jolly Postman	illustrator	Janet and Allan Ahlberg
The War in Eastern Europe	illustrator	Boardman Robinson
Red as Blood, or Tales from the Sisters Grimmer	illustrator	Tanith Lee
Coffee, Tea or Me?	illustrator	Bill Wenzel
Moomin	illustrator	Tove Jansson
For Rent One Grammy One Gramps	illustrator	Marquita Halstead
The Extra Mile (story collection)	illustrator	Jim Padgett (illustrator)
Cecily G. and the Nine Monkeys	illustrator	H. A. Rey
Cookie (novel)	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
Three Little Dreams	illustrator	Thomas Aquinas Maguire
Jewels from the Moon	illustrator	Fred H. Meise
The Last Egyptian	illustrator	Francis P. Wightman
Poop: A Natural History of the Unmentionable	illustrator	Neal Layton
The Truth About Poop	illustrator	Elwood Smith
The Sandman (book)	illustrator	Richard Cowdrey
Grandpa Never Lies	illustrator	Harvey Stevenson
The Circus Surprise	illustrator	Vladimir Vagin (illustrator)
Twilight Comes Twice	illustrator	Kate Kiesler
William's Crowded Hours	illustrator	Thomas Henry
William the Outlaw	illustrator	Thomas Henry
Still William	illustrator	Thomas Henry
William and The Brains Trust	illustrator	Thomas Henry
William Carries On	illustrator	Thomas Henry
Escape to the Hills	illustrator	Drayton S. Haff
Tales of Magic and Mystery	illustrator	Christopher Quaile
The Sable Quean	illustrator	Sean Rubin
The Wicked Witch of Oz	illustrator	Eric Shanower
The Rundelstone of Oz	illustrator	Eric Shanower
Paradox in Oz	illustrator	Eric Shanower
Policeman Bluejay	illustrator	Maginel Wright Enright
The Giant Garden of Oz	illustrator	Eric Shanower
Five Go Off to Camp	illustrator	Enid Blyton's illustrators
Five Get Into Trouble	illustrator	Enid Blyton's illustrators
Five Fall Into Adventure	illustrator	Enid Blyton's illustrators
Five Have Plenty of Fun	illustrator	Enid Blyton's illustrators
Five on a Secret Trail	illustrator	Enid Blyton's illustrators
Five Go to Billycock Hill	illustrator	Enid Blyton's illustrators
Five on Finniston Farm	illustrator	Enid Blyton's illustrators
Five Go to Demon's Rocks	illustrator	Enid Blyton's illustrators
Five Have a Mystery to Solve	illustrator	Enid Blyton's illustrators
The Hidden Prince of Oz	illustrator	Anna-Maria Cool
Black Cocktail	illustrator	Dave McKean
The Ballad of Matthew's Begats	illustrator	Cory Godbey
The Forbidden Fountain of Oz	illustrator	Dick Martin (artist)
Star Trek Spaceflight Chronology	illustrator	Rick Sternbach
The Unknown Witches of Oz	illustrator	Kerry Rouleau
The Ozmapolitan of Oz	illustrator	Dick Martin (artist)
Father Goose: His Book	illustrator	William Wallace Denslow
By the Candelabra's Glare	illustrator	William Wallace Denslow
L. Frank Baum's Juvenile Speaker	illustrator	Maginel Wright Enright
L. Frank Baum's Juvenile Speaker	illustrator	John R. Neill
Hello, Harvest Moon	illustrator	Kate Kiesler
Mémoires de deux jeunes mariées	illustrator	Adrien Moreau
The Enchanted Island of Oz	illustrator	Dick Martin (artist)
Little Wizard Stories of Oz	illustrator	John R. Neill
Animal Fairy Tales	illustrator	Dick Martin (artist)
Tommy Trouble and the Magic Marble	illustrator	Ben Caldwell
The Complete Book of Dwarves	illustrator	Gerald Brom
The Complete Book of Dwarves	illustrator	Clyde Caldwell
The Complete Book of Dwarves	illustrator	Larry Elmore
The Complete Book of Dwarves	illustrator	Keith Parkinson
The Complete Book of Dwarves	illustrator	Karl Waller
Blood and Memory	illustrator	Bettina Guthridge
Ordinary Things	illustrator	Walter Lyon Krudop
Look Who It Is!	illustrator	Alan Carr
Juma and the Magic Jinn	illustrator	Charles Mikolaycak
A Writing Kind of Day	illustrator	April Ward
Moving Day (book)	illustrator	Jennifer Emery
Lost in the Barrens	illustrator	Charles Geer
Coral Gardens	illustrator	Leni Riefenstahl
The People of Kau	illustrator	Leni Riefenstahl
The Last of the Nuba	illustrator	Leni Riefenstahl
Vanishing Africa	illustrator	Leni Riefenstahl
Graphic Storytelling and Visual Narrative	illustrator	Will Eisner
The Boy in the Dress	illustrator	Quentin Blake
Starring Tracy Beaker	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
Wonder under Water	illustrator	Leni Riefenstahl
Barlowe's Guide to Fantasy	illustrator	Wayne Barlowe
Mr. Maximillian Bacchus and his Travelling Circus	illustrator	Richard A. Kirk
The Island of Adventure	illustrator	Stuart Tresilian
A Book of Marvels and Magic	illustrator	Robin Jacques
The Cabin Faced West	illustrator	Feodor Stepanovich Rojankovsky
Bat-Manga!: The Secret History of Batman in Japan	illustrator	Jiro Kuwata
A Guide to the Birds of Mexico and Northern Central America	illustrator	Sophie Webb
Great train robbery board game	illustrator	Bruce Barrymore Halpenny
Ionia (novel)	illustrator	J. C. Leyendecker
Visitors from London	illustrator	Ruth Gervis
The Worry Website	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
The Radium Woman	illustrator	Robert Gibbings
Monster Blood Tattoo: Lamplighter	illustrator	D. M. Cornish
Small World (board game)	illustrator	Miguel Coimbra
The Boy Who Dared	illustrator	Arjun rangan
Dogzilla (picture book)	illustrator	Dav Pilkey
To Venus in Five Seconds	illustrator	Fred T. Jane
The Calder Game	illustrator	Brett Helquist
La Brière	illustrator	René-Yves Creston
Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi	illustrator	George Cruikshank
The Tale of the Unknown Island	illustrator	Peter Sís
Bradley McGogg, the Very Fine Frog	illustrator	Rachel Berman
Our Gods Wear Spandex	illustrator	Joseph Michael Linsner
Scotland's Story	illustrator	John Hassall (illustrator)
Mothstorm	illustrator	David Wyatt
Heathen City	illustrator	Ayato
Little Fur Family	illustrator	Garth Williams
Worlds of the Federation	illustrator	Shane Johnson (author)
The Immortals (The Edge Chronicles)	illustrator	Chris Riddell
Glubbslyme	illustrator	Jane Cope
Glubbslyme	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
A Book of Magic Adventures	illustrator	Robin Jacques
Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover	illustrator	Dayne Smith
Lizzie Zipmouth	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
Chicka, Chicka, 1, 2, 3	illustrator	Lois Ehlert
The Mighty Book of Boosh	illustrator	Dave Brown (comedian)
Thorn Castle	illustrator	D. M. Cornish
Emergency: This Book Will Save Your Life	illustrator	Bernard Chang
The Grange at High Force	illustrator	William Papas
Midnight (Jaqueline Wilson)	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
Daffy Duck for President	illustrator	Chuck Jones
The Mum Minder	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
The Cat Mummy	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
The Woggle-Bug Book	illustrator	Ike Morgan
The Ku Klux Klan In Prophecy	illustrator	Branford Clarke
Klansmen: Guardians of Liberty	illustrator	Branford Clarke
Brighty of the Grand Canyon  novel   1	illustrator	Wesley Dennis
The Story of Colors	illustrator	Domitilia Dominguez
Welcome to the Jungle (graphic novel)	illustrator	Ardian Syaf
Diary of a Wimpy Kid Do-It-Yourself Book	illustrator	Jeff Kinney (writer)
Danger Society: The Young Bond Dossier	illustrator	Kev Walker
The Mirror of Love	illustrator	José Villarrubia
Keep the Giraffe Burning	illustrator	Peter Goodfellow
Changes (novel)	illustrator	Christian McGrath
Dave Barry's History of the Millennium (So Far)	illustrator	Jeff MacNelly
Otto of the Silver Hand	illustrator	Howard Pyle
A Valley Grows Up	illustrator	Edward Osmond
The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma	illustrator	Diana Sudyka
Simon (novel)	illustrator	C. Walter Hodges
The Lump of Coal	illustrator	Brett Helquist
The Baby in the Manger	illustrator	Lisa Brown (artist)
Boken till Dig	illustrator	Jan Widströmer
The Little Grey Men	illustrator	Denys Watkins-Pitchford
The House in the Night	illustrator	Beth Krommes
Secrets of the Clans	illustrator	Wayne McLoughlin
Code of the Clans	illustrator	Wayne McLoughlin
Five Go Down to the Sea	illustrator	Enid Blyton's illustrators
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days	illustrator	Jeff Kinney (writer)
Return to the Hundred Acre Wood	illustrator	Mark Burgess (children's author)
Uncle (novel)	illustrator	Quentin Blake
Pretzel (short story)	illustrator	H. A. Rey
Freddy Rides Again	illustrator	Kurt Wiese
Freddy and Mr Camphor	illustrator	Kurt Wiese
Freddy and the Men from Mars	illustrator	Kurt Wiese
Freddy the Magician	illustrator	Kurt Wiese
The Castle of Adventure	illustrator	Stuart Tresilian
Freddy and the Baseball Team from Mars	illustrator	Kurt Wiese
A Horse's Tale	illustrator	Lucius Wolcott Hitchcock
The Wallypug of Why	illustrator	Harry Furniss
Knight Crusader	illustrator	William Stobbs
The Emerald Route	illustrator	R. K. Laxman
A Horse and Two Goats and Other Stories	illustrator	R. K. Laxman
Grandmother's Tale	illustrator	R. K. Laxman
Freddy the Pilot	illustrator	Kurt Wiese
Stark Naked: A Paranomastic Odyssey	illustrator	Arnold Roth
The Grandmother's Tale and Selected Stories	illustrator	R. K. Laxman
The Monsters of Templeton	illustrator	Beth White
Delicate Edible Birds	illustrator	Shubhani Sarkar
Freddy and the Ignormus	illustrator	Kurt Wiese
A Grass Rope	illustrator	Lynton Lamb
The Collected Poems of Freddy the Pig	illustrator	Kurt Wiese
Maximum Boy	illustrator	Greg Swearingen
Freddy and the Dragon	illustrator	Kurt Wiese
Freddy and the Bean Home News	illustrator	Kurt Wiese
Fablehaven: Keys to the Demon Prison	illustrator	Brandon Dorman
Kat Kong	illustrator	Dav Pilkey
A Book of Heroes and Heroines	illustrator	Robin Jacques
Freddy and Simon the Dictator	illustrator	Kurt Wiese
Bats in the Air, Bats in My Hair	illustrator	Davey Morgan
The Secret Life of Salvador Dalí	illustrator	Salvador Dalí
The Birds of Haiti and the Dominican Republic	illustrator	Allan Brooks
Guardians of Being	illustrator	Patrick McDonnell
Domnei	illustrator	Howard Pyle
The Handbook of Australian Sea-birds	illustrator	John Warham
What Bird is That?	illustrator	Neville William Cayley
Peter and the Sword of Mercy	illustrator	Greg Call
A Village Lost and Found	illustrator	Thomas Richard Williams
The Blue Star (novel)	illustrator	Ron Walotsky
The Virginians	illustrator	William Makepeace Thackeray
Kittyhawk Down	illustrator	ANTART
La Bible amusante	illustrator	Frid'rick
Celandine (novel)	illustrator	Steve Augarde
The Well of the Unicorn	illustrator	Rafael Palacios (artist)
A Field Guide to Australian Birds (Slater)	illustrator	Peter Slater
A People's History of American Empire	illustrator	Mike Konopacki
Freddy the Politician	illustrator	Kurt Wiese
John Cotton's Birds of the Port Phillip District of New South Wales 1843-1849	illustrator	John Cotton (ornithologist)
The Ornithology of Australia	illustrator	Silvester Diggles
All You Need Is Kill	illustrator	Yoshitoshi ABe
Egg Collecting and Bird Life of Australia	illustrator	Sidney William Jackson
The Birds of Australia (Broinowski)	illustrator	Gracius Joseph Broinowski
Blueberry Girl	illustrator	Charles Vess
The Monster Men	illustrator	J. Allen St. John
Prodromus Entomology	illustrator	John Lewin
Spirit Walker (novel)	illustrator	Geoff Taylor
Soul Eater (novel)	illustrator	Geoff Taylor
Handy Manny's Motorcycle Adventure    1	illustrator	Alan Batson
It's Perfectly Normal	illustrator	Michael Emberley
A Field Guide to the Birds of Australia (Pizzey)	illustrator	Frank Knight (artist)
The Giant Devil Dingo	illustrator	Dick Roughsey
The Owl in the Attic and Other Perplexities	illustrator	James Thurber
Guardians of Liberty	illustrator	Branford Clarke
How Doth the Simple Spelling Bee	illustrator	Frederic Rodrigo Gruger
Birds of Australia: A Summary of Information	illustrator	Peter Slater
Hetty Feather	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
Reader's Digest Complete Book of Australian Birds	illustrator	National Photographic Index of Australian Wildlife
The Singing Tree	illustrator	Kate Seredy
Rihanna (book)	illustrator	Simon Henwood
A Cauldron of Witches	illustrator	Scoular Anderson
Where's Wally: The Incredible Paper Chase	illustrator	Martin Handford
The Flight of Dragons (book)	illustrator	Wayne Anderson
The Breaking Point (anthology)	illustrator	Margot Tomes
The Lion & the Mouse	illustrator	Jerry Pinkney
Busybody Nora	illustrator	Johanna Hurwitz
The Story of Sigurd the Volsung and the Fall of the Niblungs	illustrator	Edward Burne-Jones
The Wolves in the Walls	illustrator	Dave McKean
Collected Stories for Children	illustrator	Irene Hawkins
Collected Stories for Children	illustrator	Robin Jacques
Bill's New Frock	illustrator	Philippe Dupasquier
One Morning in Maine	illustrator	Robert McCloskey
The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary	illustrator	Jeff Kinney (writer)
Freddy Plays Football	illustrator	Kurt Wiese
Twelve Rounds to Glory: The Story of Muhammad Ali	illustrator	Bryan Collier
Freddy and the Perilous Adventure	illustrator	Kurt Wiese
On My Walk	illustrator	Christina Leist
The Dragon's Lair (novel)	illustrator	Jason Chan (illustrator)
The Periodic Table (Simon Basher book)	illustrator	Simon Basher
Side Jobs (novel)	illustrator	Christian McGrath
Evolution: The Story of Life	illustrator	Peter Barrett (illustrator)
Extracts from Adam's Diary	illustrator	F.Strothmann
Monday or Tuesday	illustrator	Vanessa Bell
The Adventures of Paddy the Beaver	illustrator	Harrison Cady
Little Darlings (novel)	illustrator	Nick Sharratt
The Faraway Lurs	illustrator	Harry Behn
A Dog on Barkham Street	illustrator	Leonard Shortall
Irish Fairy Tales	illustrator	Arthur Rackham
Lemurs of Madagascar (book)	illustrator	Stephen D. Nash (illustrator)
Creature in the Teacher (Spooksville)	illustrator	Lee MacLeod
Outcast (Michelle Paver novel)	illustrator	Geoff Taylor
Oath Breaker (novel)	illustrator	Geoff Taylor
The Little Bookroom	illustrator	Edward Ardizzone
The Twelve Kingdoms: The Vast Spread of the Seas	illustrator	Akihiro Yamada
The Very Persistent Gappers of Frip	illustrator	Lane Smith (illustrator)
It's So Amazing	illustrator	Michael Emberley
Nuclear Renaissance (wargame)	illustrator	Curtis Fell
Putt's Law and the Successful Technocrat	illustrator	Dennis Driscoll
Battles of the Clans	illustrator	Wayne McLoughlin
The Lost Hero	illustrator	John Rocco
The Addams Family: An Evilution	illustrator	Charles Addams
All My Friends Are Dead	illustrator	Avery Monsen
My Best Friend Bob	illustrator	Georgie Ripper
Exotic Zoology (book)	illustrator	Olga Ley
Under the Window	illustrator	Kate Greenaway
Harry the Dirty Dog	illustrator	Margaret Bloy Graham
Moribito II: Guardian of Darkness	illustrator	Yuko Shimizu
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Ugly Truth	illustrator	Jeff Kinney (writer)
The Dragonslayer's Apprentice	illustrator	Stieg Retlin
The Rose in Splendour: a Story of the Wars of Lancaster and York	illustrator	Alan Blyth (artist)
An Octopus Followed Me Home	illustrator	Dan Yaccarino
Vishwasghatak	illustrator	Narayan Sanyal
The Daydreamer (novel)	illustrator	Anthony Browne (author)
The House of Arden	illustrator	H. R. Millar
The Squirrel Wife	illustrator	Derek Collard
The Very Bad Book	illustrator	Terry Denton
The Roaring Trumpet	illustrator	Edd Cartier
Black Ships Before Troy	illustrator	Alan Lee (illustrator)
The Mathematics of Magic	illustrator	Edd Cartier
Squirrel Seeks Chipmunk	illustrator	Ian Falconer
The Son of Neptune	illustrator	John Rocco
Don't Forget the Bacon!	illustrator	Pat Hutchins
I Love Bacon!	illustrator	Ben Fink
The Sly Old Cat	illustrator	Beatrix Potter
Doctor Who - Adventures In Time And Space: the roleplaying game	illustrator	Lee Binding
A Letter to Amy	illustrator	Ezra Jack Keats
Apt. 3	illustrator	Ezra Jack Keats
Clementina's Cactus	illustrator	Ezra Jack Keats
Empire of Silver	illustrator	Conn Iggulden
The Bad Child's Book of Beasts	illustrator	Basil Temple Blackwood
Masterpiece (novel)	illustrator	Kelly Murphy
Gnomes (book)	illustrator	Rien Poortvliet
A Sick Day for Amos McGee	illustrator	Erin E. Stead
The Search for WondLa	illustrator	Tony DiTerlizzi
The Throne of Fire	illustrator	John Rocco
Chanticleer and the Fox (book)	illustrator	Barbara Cooney
The Rogue Crew	illustrator	Sean Rubin
Nathaniel Fludd, Beastologist	illustrator	Kelly Murphy
Below the Root (novel)	illustrator	Alton Riable
And All Between	illustrator	Alton Riable
Until the Celebration	illustrator	Alton Riable
The Bushbabies	illustrator	Victor Ambrus
The Steam-Driven Boy and other Strangers	illustrator	Colin Hay
Necronomicon: The Best Weird Tales of H. P. Lovecraft: Commemorative Edition	illustrator	Les Edwards
Glow in the Dark (book)	illustrator	Nabil Elderkin
Rabbit Marcus the Great	illustrator	Kęstutis Kasparavičius
Rabbit Marcus the Great  Kiškis Morkus Didysis Lithuanian Edition   1	illustrator	Kęstutis Kasparavičius
The Missing Picture	illustrator	Kęstutis Kasparavičius
The Missing Picture  Il quadro scomparso Italian edition   1	illustrator	Kęstutis Kasparavičius
The Missing Picture  Das Verschwundene Bild German edition   1	illustrator	Kęstutis Kasparavičius
The Missing Picture  Dingęs paveikslas Lithuanian edition   1	illustrator	Kęstutis Kasparavičius
Exit Wounds (comics)	illustrator	Rutu Modan
The Wind on the Moon	illustrator	Nicolas Bentley
Tobacco-Stained Mountain Goat	illustrator	Scott Campbell (artist)
Field Guide to the Birds of Australia (Simpson & Day)	illustrator	Nicolas Day
Atlas Coelestis	illustrator	James Thornhill
The Slater Field Guide to Australian Birds	illustrator	Peter Slater
Go the Fuck to Sleep	illustrator	Ricardo Cortés (illustrator)
The Odyssey of an Otter	illustrator	Hamilton Greene
Kafka's Soup	illustrator	Mark Crick
Fil and Filippa: Story of Child Life in the Philippines	illustrator	Maud and Miska Petersham
Stops of Various Quills	illustrator	Howard Pyle
The Oakdale Affair and The Rider	illustrator	John Coleman Burroughs
List of Jiggy McCue books	illustrator	Ellis Nadler
List of Jiggy McCue books  The Killer Underpants   1	illustrator	Ellis Nadler
List of Jiggy McCue books  The Toilet of Doom   1	illustrator	Ellis Nadler
List of Jiggy McCue books  The Meanest Genie   1	illustrator	Ellis Nadler
List of Jiggy McCue books  The Snottle   1	illustrator	Ellis Nadler
List of Jiggy McCue books  Nudie Dudie   1	illustrator	Ellis Nadler
List of Jiggy McCue books  Neville the Devil   1	illustrator	Ellis Nadler
List of Jiggy McCue books  Ryan's Brain   1	illustrator	Ellis Nadler
List of Jiggy McCue books  The Iron, the Switch, and the Broom Cupboard   1	illustrator	Ellis Nadler
List of Jiggy McCue books  Kid Swap   1	illustrator	Ellis Nadler
List of Jiggy McCue books  One for All and All for Lunch!   1	illustrator	Ellis Nadler
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Cabin Fever	illustrator	Jeff Kinney (writer)
Little Brown Bushrat	illustrator	Georgie Ripper
Our South African Birds	illustrator	C. G. Finch-Davies
Glaring Through Oblivion	illustrator	Roger Kupelian
Men, Microscopes, and Living Things	illustrator	Anthony Ravielli
